Here's The Most Dramatic Video Of The Con Ed Substation Explosion (So Far)  #Sandy

As a long-time New Yorker, troubling takeaway from Sandy is how easily this city can get shut down, no communication, power, food, water

warm thoughts, tight hugs and love to you and all affected by #Sandy. 3

Social-media users flock to Facebook, Twitter for Hurricane #Sandy news |

We are with #GeoTv and Pakistan media in this sad moment of #Sandy cz their funds will b late..

Oliver Stone: Hurricane Sandy 'Punishment' For Obama, Romney Neglecting Climate Change Discussion

Victory for Mitt using Frankenstorm Sandy as a political tool instead of helping those impacted by it. Pfft.

58 people died in the floods of Canvey Island in 1953, of a then population of around 13,000. #Sandy #NYC Pop: 8 - 9M #crisis

Morris County power live blog - tell us what you're seeing after Hurricane Sandy

Monday mornings are the worst hurricane of them all.

Pretty sure my next technology investment will be 2 tin cans  ball of string. #sandy

It was best to admit this in while everyone is still distracted by Sandy. Otherwise it could get ugly.

Ive been driving for a half hour already and i havent seen a single light. Hurricane Sandy caused A LOT of damage.

#Sandy did my city crazy last night I hope she ain't disrespect th #VampireStateBuildin I got work to do

RT Who knew Sandy could be trumped by news of a Mouse taking over a Sith?

Hundreds, and hundreds, of union thugs are roaming the post-Sandy streets. They are fire and policemen working to keep people safe.

Great to hear my good friend Sally is ok after #Sandy and that is coming to visit her in New Jersey!

Vivid, tragic fotos: Superstorm Sandy Hits East Coast  via cc

I am thankful that our house had no damage from #Sandy! #got2bthankful

UPDATED: Romney Donating Sandy Supplies To GOP Swing States -- Not NY or NJ.

Cast of 'Jersey Shore' comments on Hurricane Sandy's impact: Some cast members from the 'Jersey Shore'  #education

Somebody inform we may need some horses and bayonets to help victims of #Sandy

high paw 4 #sandy first responders!  if only ourselves could tweet good noms + drinks 4 everybuddy out there.

George Bush's Heck-of-a-Job Brownie says Obama Responded to #Sandy TOO QUICKLY:   #Obama2012 #YVote #P2 via

But y'all just had a hurricane. Surely they understand that making it to work is REALLY difficult today.

A warm dry home with power and Internet for and . #sandy

RT The more I watch the news, the more blessed I feel. #Sandy

Obama on Hurricane: 'We Leave Nobody Behind'  viaAudacity of BO is astronomical #Benghazi #StandDown

I am lucky lucky lucky that not much went down but the inability to get much done thanks to wires/connections is frustrating #SANDY

JWoww's tears as Sunset Heights is destroyed by Superstorm Sandy  via

Obama on #Sandy victims: we leave nobody behind. Could have fooled us Mr. President. #Benghazi #7hoursofhell

I hope you survived the hurricane and no damage was done to you or your place.

Spare a thought for the poor people of Delaware, for even when hurricane Sandy has passed they will still be in Delaware.

Is Your Vote Safe? The Hazards of Computerized Voting: Hurricane Sandy has introduced significant uncertainty in

Mayor Bloomberg giving update on getting city up and running after sandy.

R Power out from Sandy? Need help? Obama tells people to go to the Internet for assistance. Seriously: htt

Update: 50 Reported Deaths So Far As A Result of Hurricane #Sandy

While Obama was trying to help with #Sandy relief, Romney was collecting cans in Ohio that the Red Cross said they didn't

I bet David Stern feels dumb af really hurricane Katrina? #Smh he's tooo damn old.

Whether it be the sun or a hurricane, watching the world end would be insane. And if I'm dying I'm doing it blowed as f

UPDATED SCHEDULE for Gov today (times approx.): 2:15 in #breezy pt, 3:30 in Long Beach, 4:15 in Lindenhurst #Sandy

#Sandy cut #NYC #NJ #CT to the bone with water, wind and fire; Next cut: sun will set in 3 hrs, ppl w/out power will nearly freeze tonight.

Romney Collects Food for Sandy Victims ~ Video

Hurricane Sandy lashes Bahamas with wind and rain.

At least five million people are without power across the eastern US as a result of storm.

Seeing the devastation of #Sandy on news and my thoughts and prayers go out to all the people affected by this

Hundreds, and hundreds, of union thugs are roaming the post-Sandy streets. They are fire and policemen working to keep

WATCH LIVE: For those without power or not near a TV, #NBCNightlyNews is streaming tonight  #Sandy

the pump was in the basement which was flooded by sandy

Plz flw Canceled Premieres amp; Film Permits: How Hurricane Sandy Is Affecting  #AnnaKarenina

Video: AP  - Raw: After Sandy, New Yorkers Head Back to Work: Two days after superstorm Sandy brought New York t

Our soldiers doesn't hide our politicians doIn the Face of Hurricane Sandy, Solid at Tomb of the Unkn:  via

#URGHARO: query-2kg seeking celebrity publicists, managers and agents with info on clients helping out in wake of Sandy.

Hurricane Sandy Relief. Would you like to help?

PS: my mom's name is Sandy, so I imagined it was my mom blowing thru ppl's houses telling them to put on some lipstick. It wasn't like that.

Sandy Cuts Wide Swath of Damage A horrible disaster !

Heckuva job Brownie criticizes Obama's response to #Sandy:  ht

I think both candidates thought Sandy would be worse than it was here in MA!

To those twitter colleagues in NY and other areas affected by #Sandy, stay safe. Thoughts are with you.

Mayor: Today we were in touch with business leaders in all five boroughs, and we're working to help them get business back to normal. #Sandy

Special coverage of #sandy continues at 8pm on air with John Hockenberry. More updates on the web

[VIDEO] Spoof on Bloomberg's Hurricane #Sandy updates. Much love to the animated Lydia Callis.  via

Hurricane Sandy showed the dark side of social media: rumors and hype:

In conclusion: a post-Sandy America is better than a normal Libya.

Monday saw huge increases to  with 300 million page views   #Sandy

talking about the effects of #Sandy on is so raw , emotional and real.

KWQC-TV: Do you know anyone headed to the east coast to help with the Hurricane Sandy aft

They say karma is a bitch !! I hope #america got wat it meant as Hurricane Sandy unleashes on the east coast !

Hurricane Sandy is churning up the waves! Expect peak wind gusts in excess of 50 mph on shore.

Am above 42nd, hence the reception. is completely dead in th East Village #FML #nyc #Sandy

Here's a satellite view of Hurricane #Sandy in the moonlight of early yesterday morning:

I hear it have a Hurricane Brandon in my bedroom.

#tcot The gall !!!  Obama on Hurricane: 'We Leave Nobody Behind'  via

My little brother, 22 y/o and industrious staff member, has no power d/t #sandy but is putting in a 14 hour day today regardless.

Thoughts  prayers for folks in NY  NJ suffering in the wake of Hurricane Sandy. Please don't let the election ov

Electricity back on with TV and Internet! Prayers and thoughts for those still without in the wake of #sandy.

Post #Sandy, 1 in 4 mobile network sites have been knocked out in 10 states:  A review of how it affects your service.

IF any Americans change their vote b/c of #Sandy then you were as unpredictable as the storm itself#BENGHAZI #Unemployment #DEBT #GODless

Whew! Relieved to hear. Devastated by dire effects of storm on so many.rt all is well here! #dodgedbullet #sandy

Latest U.S.: 18 people deaths and 7.4 million without power.

The Nation News - Superstorm sandy has killed 'at least 33'

He is the Best. i hope you  are doing well after the Hurricane mr.s cord.

#WeLoveLA Hurricane Sandy Hits Trojan Family - University of Southern California Official Athletic  #SportsRoadhouse

Sandy dumps so much snow in West Virginia that even the ski operators are complaining

Sandy has turned the elephant in the room into a stampede of elephants. Politicians who ignore may be crushed. #auspol #debates

Sandy, God's Oct Surprise for baby killer American hating Muslim O!  Prophetic image? http

Everyone'll think it's funny to go as #Sandy tomorrow. Either be more creative or at least go as the damaged part you live in. #Halloween

Romney is awful, but who are the people advising him to collect groceries the Red Cross doesn't want and not tweet during Sandy?

So did the Mayan's predict hurricane sandy??

#NEWJERSY has become old worn  torn Jersy by curtsey of merciless  ruthless Hurricaine #sandy

Hurricane Sandy Disaster Relief Efforts -

Gov regarding FEMA  Hurricane #Sandy stating that state  county are the better solution will build up credentials

hurricane sandy is a rumor! im looking outside in california and there r no trees on the street and no rain or floods.

Richmond thanks 4 the shelter from the hurricane but I want out now 2get closer to the who

NYC Preppers? Real hurricane vs imaginry appoc! :-)

#PolitcalProfiteerRomney behavior UNCONSCIONABLE:Politicizing deaths in Libya + now Sandy victims.Canned goods 4 victims=Ho

Saving 1.4 million websites from #Sandy, one water bottle at a time ~ just another reason why kicks ass

Hurricane Sandy is some 485 miles south-southeast of New York City packing winds of 75 mph.

What you need to know about #Sandy scams

Prof. Pielke Jr. on damage estimates: 'The current estimates of $20 billion would place Sandy  #Auspol #CarbonTAX

Special Hurricane Sandy Edition - CelebrityFind ReView

Need night volunteers at the Park Slope Armory YMCA Shelter. Tons of displaced nursing home folks here. Let me know if you can help. #sandy

Airlines cancel 7000 flights, 50m Americans to be affected, and public transportation systems are stoped.

President Obama Talks iPod on Radio as Hurricane Hits: As Hurricane Sandy barreled toward the Mid-Atlantic this

Storm #sandy has taken its toll! NYC cancels official Halloween Parade, unofficial gay holiday!

Not gonna lie, is the best thing about a Hurricane in Philly.

@highlight

Hurricane Sandy lashes Bahamas with wind and rain.

@highlight

Hurricane Sandy is churning up the waves! Expect peak wind gusts in excess of 50 mph on shore.

@highlight

Airlines cancel 7000 flights, 50m Americans to be affected, and public transportation systems are stoped.

@highlight

Hurricane Sandy is some 485 miles south-southeast of New York City packing winds of 75 mph.

@highlight

At least five million people are without power across the eastern US as a result of storm.

@highlight

Latest U.S.: 18 people deaths and 7.4 million without power.

