Big Bird would have been better than Obama. You voted for Obama by NOT voting for Romney

Obama won high school drop outs by thirty points. Obama won high school grads by one (Lost college grads.)  Stay in school, kids.

Wait ! if obama gets impeached does that mean we get stuck with Biden?

I don't know why y'all mad.. Obama looks out for all people . Romney wasn't worried about middle or lower class. So

Diane Sawyer's odd election coverage: Relive President Obama's re-election through the best and oddest media mom

GUYS GUYS!!! Remember that guy Mitt Romney? Me either!

If Republicans can peel off 10-15% of Obama's Latino coalition and stop talking about uteruses (sp), they'll be back in the mix in no time.

Obama and Clinton at Saturday night rally in Virginia

CNN Advice for Obama: Why not appoint an all-GOP cabinet? - Democratic Underground

Julian #Assange: Victorious Obama 'wolf in sheep's clothing':  #WikiLeaks http

Republicans are contesting Ohio  Floridahold your horses Commie presstitutes. Obama had empty events but won. YEAH RIGHT.

According to Cartman, this country is changing under Obama's rule. #SouthPark

Daily Kos: CNN: Romney Violating Federal Laws 'Coordinating' With Karl Rove  via

Obama remain president on 4 more years!

Our land is upside down. Socialist Obama  media lie about capitalist Romney  the ignorant believe that Romney

I hope obama does everything we fear that he will, maybe then, people will get off their lazy asses  make a REAL change in USA's direction!

In my opinion, Romney's indecent stance on immigrations was his worst mistake. I hope O undertakes serious immg. reform.

President Obama's re-election isn't the TV ratings record-breaker his first victory proved to be:  #Election2012

romney looks like the guy from the grinch stole christmas

BBC reports Barack Obama victory tweet most retweeted ever  #Obama2012

viewers: If last nights overwhelming win 4 Obama hasn't convinced U that Fox pundits LIE 2 U, U R lost. #tcot #gop

I will Bask in The Glory of President #OBAMA'S VICTORY !

Took #Obama 54 minutes longer this time.  What a slacker ;-)

Obama just got reelected. They don't know if they can stop you bro.

Forbes - Obama's Not-So-Secret Weapon: Will He Use It to Help Power His New Mandate?

I think it's pretty cool that Obama plays basketball on every Election Day. #thebasketballLife

Obama Victory Opens Iran Negotiation Window  via

We can build a Great Wall along the North to keep Obama's Hordes out and another Great Wall along the South to keep the Illegals

Ke 'White House', Keluarga Obama Kompak Tampil Stylish

Obama has proven he can be president of a country for perhaps 8 years. You couldn't be president of a college for 2 years.

Obama re-election reaction and the impact on US-Egyptian relations

Something I didn't realize: Obama won Paul Ryan's congressional district.

Obama has 3, Romney has 24 .. Obama gon take it pokemon style and use bide.

Obama Wins: So Christians, Will It Be More Hate, or Jesus?  #FoxNationIgnoresJesus

7-Year-Old Murdered for Not Learning the Koran   #Obama #HarryReid

Sarah Palin 2016. Palin knew Romney wouldn't win. She never predicted a wide Romney victory.

Video: AFP - Asians divided over Obama's re-election: Pakistanis, Afghans and Indonesians react to the US electi

There are folks on both sides who scan for critical Tweets and lash out. Same thing happened when I criticized Obama's campaign.

Racism and Romney being as popular as a gallstone made some folk there grasp at straws.

with all due respect, Sen. McCain needs to abolish his HATE first! I disagree Lanny! Graham accused Obama of treason!

update: girl who wrote story about Horny Ghost just announced that obama sucks and i managed to audibly roll my eyes for the first time ever

#NigerianDailyNews: Obama wins second term, Romney concedes defeat: President Barack Obama had little time  #NEWS

President Obama's in need of a slow jam

Best demo for Obama out of 10 #exitpolls has: black women in North Carolina - 99 to 1

absolutely. We already see the aftermath of Obama +4 on Wall Street.

Obama to visit Myanmar this month: Government official  | etribune, World

Scott Rasmussen tells me why his polls didn't project the Obama win.

no it was the GOP who backed Mitt Romney..

Puerto Rico Narrowly Votes2Become 51st State (And What Has Obama Said About It?)  via

Statistician predicted all 50 states for Prez Obama, while every single major pundit was wrong  No opinions, more stats!

Picture of Obama in a santa hat with text that reads: Have Yourself A Barry Little Christmas

big news story today? Obama's recession landslide or marine dories in an Aussie jungle? Lol

They don't, but Obama's attorney general already sent out threatening letters awhile ago. We do as we please.

Niall From 1D says he's in love with Obama. Aw.

I was told I looked like I could be Obama's daughter today hahahaa

Let's take Richard Carmona and put him in the Obama Administration. Please RT, AZ,

I guarantee if Obama was white, he would've won by a landslide. Its sad, but true. #YouKnowImRight

Harlem Celebrates Obama Victory: African Americans bolstered Obama at the polls and screamed, danced and wept as he

He might even blame O'Reilly, don't cha think?  O'Romney O'Bush O'Poo

And no, there was nowhere the campaign went wrong. It was/he was fantastic. Obama was simply not 'beatable.'

Second term will be the Bing Obama golf term.

Expats high on Obama win - Times of India  #Expats #News

and you know this how ? Obama has done nothing, and is no fan of the UK !

#Maddow Yes! We elected Pres Obama so we will not have #ACA (Obamacare) repealed or have RoevWade overturned. Medicare &am

#GOP Neocon purge can finally begin!      #Obama #election2012 #whys

He looks like Nelson Mandela  Businessweek's new cover shows an aged Obama: 'The Next Four Years' http

'RINO' Boehner Kisses Obama's Ring!.    #tcot #ccot #LNYHBT

Sad that Obama supporter are so selfish that they cut their own childrens' throats.

If Romney wins let's make #FuckRomney a trending topic OKAY? RETWEET!!!!!!(:

Romney was a lousy choice, just like McCain. Let's face it, the GOP is a disaster, it's time for a new conservative party

Obama's drones reportedly run Linux. The engineers told Obama it already has all the drivers built in [pun /]

I have two questions:1. When do the Obama 2012 Champions T-Shirts come out?2. When do the Romney 2012 Champions T-Shirts get to Africa?

We are so thrilled that you and Pres.Obama will remain in the Whitehouse for four more years! We need and

Obama Is Going To Win ! I Have Faith .

Tonight is live from DC. He'll talk with about the #fiscalcliff and why #Romney lost. 8 and 10pm ET

All the pundits are WRONG - Romney did everything RIGHT, he IS a true conserv., soc. lib is no answer, he ran tough

#Washington: Sign up for Updates from US-President Barack #Obama and Other Senior Officials | The #WhiteHouse

Biggest national trend that worked in Romney's favor was public distaste for more expansive government

The Muslim Brotherhood that controls Obama made sure that Nation of Islam voted.

Tea Party blames Romney, Chris Christie and of course the media, ignoring that yesterday's landslide was caused by the T

So glad Obama won 3 I dont even live in the USA lol  :)

Mitt Romney is one man who could have done with fewer home states.

RT: Romney received 2,669,077 less votes than McCain. 0bama got 9,516,969 less votes than in 2008. Repubs didn't

New York's Republican Mayor Bloomberg endorses President Obama for re-election.

I was secretly hoping Obama would win because, ironically, I'm not fond of change.

Next: the demographics key to #Obama's victory plus a panel of Republicans on how their party needs to change #ac360

Meanwhile, you have to give it to President Obama  all past president of the US. They've had better public persona

Comparing Obama's 2012 victory speech with his 2008 speech (graphic):

Reports--8 States Will Decide! Daily Presidential Tracking Poll: Romney 49%, Obama 48%

Miles Kimball: Obama's first priority should be to boost immigration  WIN

GOTV is part of the game. In the end, the very end, Obama was simply a better candidate and the people chose.

i'm pretty good. relieved that Romney lost!

323-206 and my republican friends said landslide to Romney ha.

And all you Romney bitchies can suck my dick.

Obama and Clinton only Democrats elected twice since FDR.

Obama has won Vermont after barely beating out a 17 minute Trey Anastasio guitar solo.

Mitt Romney underperformed John McCain in Ohio by ~90k votes

The vote means that we should resist  obstruct Obama's tyranny#HannityLive

All these people in these Obama shirts is nice but can yall go to his website  buy one instead of these cheap ass faded shirts smh

Fiscal Cliff: Will Obama Yield On Tax Hikes In Time?

guys obama killed my dog

aye that it tis! I love waking up in the morning and President #Obama is STILL #POTUS

Obama up on Romney in Harris County (Houston area) by 2that's 2 votes, not points. Houston going purple makes sense, though.

What Re Election of President Obama Means For the People of 2012

[IN THE NEWS] US Presidential Election results 2012: Comeback kid Obama headed back to White House for 2nd term

@highlight

New York's Republican Mayor Bloomberg endorses President Obama for re-election.

@highlight

Reports--8 States Will Decide! Daily Presidential Tracking Poll: Romney 49%, Obama 48%

@highlight

Obama and Clinton at Saturday night rally in Virginia

@highlight

BBC reports Barack Obama victory tweet most retweeted ever.

@highlight

Obama remain president on 4 more years!

@highlight

Obama and Clinton only Democrats elected twice since FDR.

