Do we have school tomorrow? I hope not I don't want Sandy to attack us all.

is snow chasing in #WV. He's posting about it on (as well as on Twitter):  #sandy

For everyone worried about #SANDY read THIS article about what to really expect from 'worst case scenario'

Oops..what group SANG the SANDY song in 1966?

Dear East Coast buckle up  stay safe as we let Sandy cruise by. #HurricaneSandy,

Thoughts and prayers to friends on the east coast in dealing with hurricane Sandy. May it pass quickly  cause

This weeks podcast is delayed slightly by Hurricane Sandy, should be up within the hour. Apologies.

Pope launches appeal for victims of Hurricane Sandy on Independent Catholic News

NYC is getting a hurricane, many flights to New York are cancelled.

Sext: I loved that last tweet about something other than the fucking hurricane. I'm going to bed.

Sandy Will Bring The Potential For Very Heavy Rainfall To Northern New England Monday Afternoon Into Tuesday. Flood

Waiting out Hurricane Sandy with the one  only Hurricane Fresh

Prep is over, just waiting for the coming of Sandy, about 2 am Monday my time.

Seriously though I hope the people I do know over there stay safe. It's insane how gigantic and weird Hurricane Sandy is.

Eh, the two best Simpsons hurricane avatars have taken and I feel I should stay with this one until the lockout ends. #nobodycares

NY, NJ: Simchos Cancelled Due to Hurricane Sandy:  has learned of a number o  via

Our flashlights, radios, and wife's vibrators all use the same batteries. Bring it on hurricane Sandy! Bring it on!

Pres Obama cancels Florida campaign event due to #Sandy. Heading to DC to oversee storm response.

MaRSDD: Hurricane Sandy via Google Crisis Response  MaRSDD: Hurricane Sandy via  #education

Romney camp prepares for Hurricane Sandy

you too? My only hurricane prep is wine

NUEVO MAPA DE TRAYECTORIAS EMPUJA A SANDY A TOCAR TIERRA (SU CENTRO) LUNES A LA MEDIA NOCHE

Hi Lindsay, Reservations extremely busy due to St. John's airport closure and Hurc Sandy Is there a question we can help with

Do not suspend the campaign b/c of Sandy. We can't afford 2 lose those days !!!!

much obliged..we're dead in the hurricane's crosshairs but we're as prepared as we can be #GoodLuckToAllInSandysWay

I pray you have a safe flight, Mike. #Sandy

Google crisis map is out for #Sandy . You may wish to favorite this to stay on top of this monster storm #NY #NJ #flood

Consider the back end of #Sandy; days after the storm leaves the South Florida vicinity, storm surge hits:

If you think standing on a beach during a hurricane makes you a 'rebel', congratulations in advance on your Darwin Award.

So apparently hurricane Sandy is going to hit Ontario hard. What a cunt.

These hurricane sandy tweets are hilarious but so wrong.

i can't swim oops guess if i was near hurricane sandy i would be dead by now

Now taking bets for when the first zealot issues a press release stating that #Sandy is shaped like a fetus. Any takers?

thinking of everyone on the East Coast of the USA this evening; keep tucked up  safe #Sandy  You're such a #ClassAct, Sarah!

Boo hiss hurricane that I'm dead center of BUT YAY NO SCHOOL OR WORK FOR THE NEXT TWO DAYS!

CNN Breaking News - Hurricane Sandy is some 485 miles south-southeast of New York City packing winds of 75 mph. - giddy up!

THIS! --- Someone should have told Obama #Benghazi was a hurricane and he might have canceled his Vega$ tri

When McDonald's closes you know it's about to get real. #sandy

In 1992, Bill Clinton scored points in Florida by making a very empathetic visit just after Hurricane Andrew; George H.W. Bush also went

Tomorrow: #UN headquarters will be closed on Monday due to Hurricane #Sandy. More info here:  via

A cool thing would be if right when Hurricane Sandy hits, that Tupac hologram shows up and just does some cool shit.

Okay back to the Weather Channel Goodnight all ;-)Waiting for #Sandy

Use slider to compare Irene from 2011 and massive storm system of Sandy   cc:

bouta make sure my phone is fully charged when this hurricane come n shit.

Hope hurricane sandy doesn't cause too much havoc!! Be safe my friends.

I don't think everybody will be So nervous about it #ImNotInNYCAtTheMoment imagine if New York is touch by Sandy

Unbelievableanother hurricane in the East Coast.. it's really just unbelievable.

Megastorm could wreak havoc across 800 miles of U.S.

Praying for everyone involved and around this hurricane !

CBS5: East Coast braces for Hurricane Sandy  #news

sooo hurricane Sandy you better bring my husband with you ! you hear me!!!!  oh Patrick too  k thanks 3

If you are in #Sandy path Pls check on your friends, neighbors, sick and elderly. Also go to  for local updates. RT

Sandy really got ppl on iG blowin mine with this fxckin rate game. Have a seat

Live images of Manhattan, updated every 60 seconds, from the 51st floor of the NYTimes building as #sandy approaches http

Bloody Mary's  British Cinema: Gosford Park, Pride  Prejudice  Hot Fuzz #sandy

Good Monday Morning on theTJMS, with Sandy Knocking on Our Door, Updates, Weather, Newd  Traffic, Let's GO!

Hurricane Sandy's death toll rises to 65 in Haiti RT: WHY is everyone in SUCH a panic about hurricane (i'm calling it Sally)?

Video: Iconic New York Apple Store prepares for Hurricane Sandy -

Are u all stocked up for tomorrow? I bought EXTRA batteries. And my radio is all set too. Screw the hurricane. Be there!

Hurricane Sandy: 7,000 flights cancelled

United Airlines allowing passengers affected by Hurricane #Sandy 2change travel plans w/o penalty  ll

if I drown in hurricane sandy will you write a freestyle biography about me and send it to news stations all over

MT Don't freak out. Download #Hurricane app and prepare yourself instead.  #US

Alright #Sandy.  Please hurry up and come wipe this horrible #jets #dolphins game away please?  Thanks!

Sandy's a stupid name for a hurricane. Helga. Now that's a proper hurricane name.

#ZoneA includes: City Island, a small patch of Throgs Neck, and another patch of the South Bronx in the Bronx #Sandy #NYC

Air Force hurricane hunters have just completed their second pass this a.m through #Sandy. Pressure has dropped further:

HURRICANE SANDY SHOULD ATTACK ROMNEY HOUSE ! LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

My whole backyard is huge trees so this hurricane better not knock any down or else they'll fall on my house  I'

are we sure this is all just #hurricane #sandy and not the ice princess active again? #GH

Video: AP  - Superstorm Sandy Shutting Down East Coast: Planes are grounded, public transportation systems are s

on Hurricane #Sandy: 'Global warming costs big bucks'  via Bette - STFU  SING- or whatever.

Thoughts go out to everyone effected my this hurricane in the states!!

Prepping for the arrival of #HurricaneSandy? Send us your stories. Email them to 6720  #Sandy

All flight operations in and out of PHL have been canceled for tomorrow, Monday, Oct 29th due to #Sandy.

Call it #Frankenstorm or Hurricane #Sandy- Why this Dangerous #Storm Will Boost The US Economy - Forbes

Sandy must have on a strap on because the region is bracing for her.

Hurricane Sandy is 290 miles east of Cape Hatteras, North Carolina with winds of 75mph and is moving north at 14mph

omg, sandy's on a picture of it like  its the hurricane,  its funnier when you see it on the picture :3

Prayers to everyone in New York waiting for Sandy to hit. Be safe, stay low, stay prayed up. I love you all.

Aljazeera news Hurricane Sandy set to take US by storm: Millions of East Coast residents prepare for what could

did a same-day confirmed change on my flight to SEA to meet up with coworker who missed his flight (no fault of sandy's) #bldwin

I can't find a solid time--when will the hurricane hit the tri-state area? #inquiringminds

NYSE Closing Stock Exchange Floor for #Sandy. First time in 27 years.

I'm going to need more batteries  //t.co/x9YwG12b #Sandy

Ready for Hurricane Sandy? An Illustrated Guide to Preparing for Disaster | Education on GOOD

The Learning Network Blog: 6 Q's About the News | Hurricane Sandy Versus the  #hurricanesandtropicalstorms #education

Photo: Great image of #Sandy approaching Cape Hatteras

This bitch Sandy is fucking with my money.  I can't have that.

Hurricane Sandy is churning up the waves! Expect peak wind gusts in excess of 50 mph on shore.

I bet wrestlers on the East Coast are pumped for Hurricane Sandy. No school. No practice. And Mom went grocery shopping!

Wow everyone is frantically perparing for Sandy.

Shorter Romney. ''Where does all that water come from?'' #FrankenStorm #Sandy #ChemTrails #GlobalWarming

#NASA_Earth_Observat Overnight View of Hurricane Sandy: Special sensors on the Suomi NPP satellite captured this

Outside again, #Sandy inches closer to DC as the rain picks up.

THEY ARE CLOSING STARBUCKS LOCATIONS GUYS THIS IS SERIOUS. #Sandy #fb

To all my followers on the US East Coast. Take care  stay safe #Hurricane #Sandy

Both  suspending paywalls today so u can check their sites for #Sandy updates even if u don't have d

WeatherBELL model graphics wide-open for duration of Hurricane #Sandy.

Hurricane Sandy: Zone A Evacuation, Schools Closed Monday - Business Insider

Airlines cancel thousands of flights before storm; 50m Americans to be affected  #Sandy

Hurricane Sandy lashes Bahamas with wind and rain.

Hurricane Sandy lumbered toward the densely populated East Coast early Monday, leaving millions of residents wit

Boy,I sure am glad climate change is a hoaxyeah right.#sandy

@highlight

Hurricane Sandy lashes Bahamas with wind and rain.

@highlight

Hurricane Sandy is churning up the waves! Expect peak wind gusts in excess of 50 mph on shore.

@highlight

Airlines cancel 7000 flights, 50m Americans to be affected, and public transportation systems are stoped.

@highlight

Hurricane Sandy is some 485 miles south-southeast of New York City packing winds of 75 mph.

