i agree! Hurricane Sandy. that's like calling it Hurricane Uncle Pete!

ya know what would be really funny? if the hurricane didn't even happen lmao

NYC is getting a hurricane. The midwest will eventually get one but it will be in 9 months after NYC has moved on to a

Megastorm could wreak havoc across 800 miles of U.S. #Sandy

Make sure to bring 3-7 days' worth of canned (pop-top) or dry pet food if you evacuate.  #Sandy #Frankenstorm

Yup.What were the odds a damn hurricane would roll into town same day as her scheduled flight?

I remember the last time NYC got 'HIT' by a Hurricane. You all just laughed it off! Is this one really that bad?

That's what I said, too: Sandy is far too friendly a name! Good luck weathering the storm.

Hurricane Sandy lashes Bahamas with wind and rain - Oct 25 PM ET

Hurricane bullshit is more like it. I told those #idiots to sell the fucking beach house in Fair Harbor. Fucking dimwits.

I don't see shit outside, Hurricane sandy busy tweeting

We're taking a break from regular tweets to remind our followers in the NE to follow and for updates on #Sandy. #staysafe

[AssociatedPress]  Raw: Hurricane Sandy Rages Through Bahamas

John (If I Die Today) Wayne F/ Rick Ross.   Sandy about to take over. What's on your hurricane

when the storms of life are raging, stand by me    #storm #Sandy #stand

BREAKING: hurricane forecast model says chances of sunny weather in NYC on Tuesday decrease from 78.5% to 75.7%. #trollin

so hey: Piranha not eligible. Sometime this weekend, will attempt to rock Collectors like a Hurricane.

45-50 Tutors Needed!!: Calculus, Biology, Chemistry, Physics, SAT/ACT (Atlanta, Sandy Springs, Alpharetta): Varsity

Um.  Check on them  the elderly to make sure they have what they need BEFORE Sandy hits. I'm o

BATFE sending out a special email for FFL holders on precautions to take for #Sandy

Today in 1921, a hurricane struck Tampa, destroying the pavilion at Ballast Point and flooding Hyde Park, downtown,

If you are trapped somewhere during the hurricane remember Richard Mourdock knows God has a plan for you do not evacuate

So like wtf happens after they're done talking about where Sandy lands? Does it turn to snow or park  stop moving or?

Ironic: Bloomberg wants to save NYers from 64oz drinks.  Hello Sandy!

#Obama - coordination - receive an update on ongoing federal actions to prepare for Hurricane #Sandy as it moves toward the #US mainland

(via BREITBART) No Tasteless Political Jokes--Yet--as Hurricane Sandy Approaches Blue States

Photo: Hurricane #Sandy as seen from the International Space Station

Hurricane Sandy ~ The first walk up the beach, 8:30 Sunday morning. 24 hours until she gets here and it's already

im kinda laughing at the whole hurricane sandy thing. all these people wasting money

Just finished raking up my front yard. Hurricane, Come At Me!

earthquake huge hurricane tsunami were all gonna die

You're kidding! Last urine I was here a volcano kept me longer and now a hurricane?!

Starting soon #Sandy update from Sec. Glaser, MTA's DOH's Comm. Shah,  Port Authority's Pat Foye LIVE:

Later today, I may give a podcast talking about what it was like for me to survive one of the most destructive hurricane's in history.

HURRICANE PREP:  Shelter-in-Place Kit  Go Kit suggestions for people  pets.

Just saw the latest Sandy advisory, particularly the pressure. Now pardon me while I collect my jaw from the floor.

I bet Hurricane Sandy b/c it's coming up East Coast will get TONS of coverage nowbut Benghazi, none on network news.

heyyy sassi! Well I'm at rehearsals seems like I will be caught up in this hurricane smh!

Meteorologist Mace Michaels has some preparedness tips on how to keep yourself safe during Hurricane Sandy. This

Amid Dire Forecast, Sandy a Hurricane Again - ABC News: ABC NewsAmid Dire Forecast, Sandy a Hurricane Aga  #India

Hey I'm coming at you live from Miami beach! #extremeteam up and down the coast on #Sandy

If I don't die from Hurricane Sandy. I'm definitely going to die from a broken heart on Nov 24th

Come to Maryland for the next week. We're going to get fucked by a hurricane, a nor'easter, and a cold front.

Heading home to PA from NC and alarmed at the size of hurricane Sandy and the impact on where I live. Next few days cou

RT #Sandy nor'easter w/hurricane inside. They're calling it #Frankenstorm. I prefer #Turduckenstorm.

#Florida will feel Hurricane Sandy's impact as it moves north

Cancelling classes for a hurricane? Must be nice. I wouldn't know how that feels.

Own a #NOAA Weather Radio? If not, now might be a good time. Find the SAME codes U need to program it here:    #Sandy

UPDATE: Sandy regains hurricane status on approach to U.S. Canadian Hurricane Centre says Ontario may see the worst.

Mother fucking hurricane on Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday No school?

It'll certainly be interesting, especially as we get closer to Monday. Sandy is heading right for us.

I am also calling for mandatory evac. starting at 4pm Sunday for barrier islands, from Sandy Hook South to Cape May, including AC casinos.

Hurricane Sandy is churning up the waves! Expect peak wind gusts in excess of 50 mph on our shore

#astoria you DO need to undecorate the front of your homes. #Sandy will take them.

Is trying to go in the ocean during the hurricane again #ThatsMyIdol

Cool. See ya there. I'm stalking romanscu and butternut squash for hurricane baking.

deadass if this hurricane is as threatening as the hype suggests, I'll be in my bed watching netflix. if the power is on.

DEC also authorized rls of up to 600K gpd from #Schoharie Resevoir for emergency protocol #Sandy #beprepared

Inside Sales- Closers - TV LEAD$ (Sandy Springs/ Marietta): It has been Life Alert's vision over the past 25 years,

not yet, but probably soon. Right now, #Sandy is on track to come in around the Delaware Bay early next week.

Friday at 2:00 p.m. my family might get 50-60 mph #SANDY

if hurricane sandy leaves me without power for a weak i'll probably be dead by the 2nd day

Hey #Bronies of the East coast - Prepare for UTTER CHAOS!!! :D #Sandy #chaos #MyLittlePony

We're curating tweets abt #sandy from many of our stations like  Stay safe during #frankenstorm!

news- Aging weather satellites get noticed with threats like Sandy

LONG ISLAND: If you need a place for your #pets due to #hurricane #sandy we have room. 516-746-1566  via

If there's a hurricane there won't be school, but I'll have to go to my rehab place tomorrow #fun

AP: President Obama cancels campaign events to monitor storm  #hurricane #sandy #frankenstorm #nyc #nj

Oh, a hurricane? Bet ill still have work.

maybe Sandy will delay the election so they have more time

that's VERY UNLIKELY - we've got a hurricane coming

Sandy expected to bring life-threatening storm #surge flooding tomid-Atlantic coastincluding Long Island Sound and Ne

Yeah my least favourite is Blonde or possibly We're Dancing. Hurricane is one of my favourites.

Al Roker is ar Rehoboth Beach on MSNBC #Sandy

Video: Mayor Bloomberg updates New Yorkers on preparations for Hurricane Sandy.

Sandy taking everyone In a frenzy! This place is packed!

We have expanded our live  coverage of Sandy to also include updates on the #tsunami in Hawaii: htt

Want to see Sandy close up? Here is the radar for you. Its a bizarre looking hurricane!

Ooooh yes. Thank God for Sandy. I'mma be cuddled up like a mugggg this weekend/next week.

MT Easy #HurricaneSandy Tip no 1: Take time NOW to plan, secure resources, + communication plans for family/friends. #Sandy

I was wondering this morning about Sandy's immortal line potential, i.e. Stuck on stupid/Get the hell off the beach.

Gamestop cancelled the midnight release because of this hurricane. What

I'd be concerned about damage. Depending on where Sandy makes landfall, you may see tropical storm force or greater winds.

Be prepared!  For the latest forecast, advisories and maps for Hurricane #Sandy, bookmark this:

For the latest forecast, advisories and map graphics for Hurricane #Sandy, bookmark this:

UPDATE: Due to Hurricane Sandy, following flights to New York are cancelled: SQ26/SQ25 on 29Oct (FRA-JFK/JFK-FRA). (1/2)

not really when u got a hurricane coming ur way lol

Hurricane Sandy: what to expect from North Carolina to Massachusetts to Ohio  Christian Science Monitor | All Stories

Hurricane Sandy: New York governor announces transit system shut down - video: New York governor Andrew

New York City Sandy preparations, boarding up subway sidewalk grates on Broadway:

Many people on the East Coast north of DC haven't ever seen a big hurricane, have no idea what it's about.

Overnight model guidance did not change much. American and European models still bring #Sandy into NJ with min pressu

Where is this hurricane. Hurry up i don't want to go to school tomorrow.

So NYC suppose to be getting hit with hurricane weather huh?? Dang, well I guess if my flight gets canceled tomorrow

Hurricane Irene was given a lot of hype and what happened? Nothing but rainfall and wind. I don't think Hurricane Sandy is gonna be crazy.

Hurricane Sandy is talking all this shit but where you at gurllaaa. I'm at my house waiting for your ass your faking

there's a hurricane coming, singing Kumbaya and tweeting #HarryStylesFollowBeauBrooks #harrystylesfollowspree #FollowMeMaybe :]

FEMA/NOAA media conference call on Sandy at 2:30pm EDT. Press to be given secret tips on how to survive, renew world,

Link Up TV: Tabanacle - Hurricane ft Don Jaga, Squingy  Lefty *USG*:  via

Now that's good legislation. RT Can't Gov. Chris Christie just body block Hurricane Sandy from enter

@highlight

Hurricane Sandy lashes Bahamas with wind and rain.

@highlight

Hurricane Sandy is churning up the waves! Expect peak wind gusts in excess of 50 mph on shore.

@highlight

NYC is getting a hurricane, many flights to New York are cancelled.

@highlight

Megastorm could wreak havoc across 800 miles of U.S.

