Newspapers Increasingly Dump Obama For Romney  #IBDBlogs via

Romney to concede election. Catch a live stream here:

It CAN'T be that close with Indies breaking for Romney like they say they are unless people are lying to pollsters.

Yes, Romney didn't call for revolution or herald the end of democracy. Funny how that set him apart

I love Obama's embrace of equality!!! God bless this phenomenal man

WBEZ: No rest in final campaign hours for Obama, Romney

Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender for Obama. #Obama #Obama #Obama

Romney just handled that concession speech like he was riding a jet-ski made of monocles.  #classy #graceful #jetskis

Isn't Obama basically a lame duck since the GOP controls the House? Y'all celebrating too early.

Alright Obama all you gotta do now is deal with a republican house. A brother is tryna stay on his moms healthcare for 6 more yrs son

If my white fans vote Romney! I understand! You gotta stand up for your own. So I am not mad at you either. We are s

fuck obama.. larry sinclair did

Farting in an envelope and mailing it to Mitt Romney.

Obama, Romney rush to the finish with battleground state stops

plot twist: Obama is a cyborg and will self destruct if he loses the election

Dear God in heaven America vote Mitt Romney Paul Ryan Republican and save America

President Obama is the real deal--a claim that could never be made about Romney no matter how much one tries.

Bronco Bama ain't got NOTHIN' On MITCH ROMNEY!!!

Obama and Clinton at Saturday night rally in Virginia

MITT ROMNEY. Instantly forgotten. Ta! Bu-bye! Hope Ta never see your arse again.

Even if your state *won't* go for Obama (e.g., this state), you still must vote. Don't think your vote doesn't matter.

HILLARY CLINTONMICHELLE OBAMA 2016Here for the all female ticket!!!!

Lawd please don't let Romney win

You know how many old Black folks will be praying for Obama later? If you need something, better ask God now.

Now that we're safe from Romney, will liberals start speaking out against Obama's drone strikes, kill list, deportation

Map of today's last-minute campaigning by Romney and Obama. Fascinating

NEVER GIVE AN INCH, OBAMA IS A CRIMINAL; NOT ILLIGIBLE TO BE POTUS  HIDING HIS TRUE IDENTITY ** IMPEACH  PR

Looool! If Obama and Romney gets 269 electoral votes to tie. Its gonna be Romney for President and Biden for Vice-president#knowthelaw

What A Fantastic Night !    #OBAMA - #BIDEN ! 4 More Years !!

Yep. Neither Romney or the TeaParty failed here. A clear choice was on the ballot. America chose to run away from its problem.

did i say he wasnt gonna get re-elected? i just quoted a quote that fits obama supporters

Obama is going to cross his arms, nod his head and *poof* all the electricity comes on in the NE.

I know, right? Obama has been doing a lot of stuff to get the country back to the top and people still hate on him, *smh*

Troops should all retire.  Obama can send his voters to manage Afghanistan  his Arab Spring.  They'd do anything 4 him, right?

if romney wins nothing that matters will change just the same as if obama wins

Michelle OBAMA is the EPITOME of what a partner should be!!!

Because Clinton Well. This about Obama.

Let us Pray together for our Country. This could be the end as we know it. Get out and vote Romney!!!! #tcot #gop

my view this is to important for a side issue, Obama the lesser of two evils,Romney? warmonger

New York's Republican Mayor Bloomberg endorses President Obama for re-election.

it IS another case of lesser of two evils, but Romney is MUCH less evil than Obama, ya know?

Nah, I still think Obama wins OH, just not by the 3.8% margin model projects

Obama endorses marriage equality, Dems endorse it in platform, and Obama wins the White House. Let this be the end of

Do any boring people support Obama? Or does supporting Obama automatically make you cool?

Fairly certain Romney would not have played a Nu Schooz track had he won

very long time. (By the way we have to fix that!). Whether you held an Obama sign or a Romney sign  you made your voice heard.

We haven't had a budget since Obama was elected but this many people think we should give him four more years? #TheBlaze2012

MSNBC says Romney's going to speak in 6 minutes.

its gonna be an obama day todaythe world is moving forward.. i pray naija gets there.. God bless Nigeria

NPR calls Virginia for Obama, bringing him to a projected 303 electoral votes vs. 203 for Romney.

Just so everyone knows, I'm a poll worker in Ohio and I WATCHED a voting machine change votes form Romney to Obama!!! WHY???

Obama became singularly more inspiring than I've ever heard him with the last few lines of that speech. Amazed. #election2012

If Romney wins, I'll delete my Twitter and open a FB account. No, wait. That will be too painful. Instead I'll jump to an in-coming train.

Gotcha. I think it will be a short night.  I think Obama will have over 300 electoral votes

Plz flw Chuck Berry Praises Obama, Laments Fading Voice -  lt;!-- --gt;  #newtag #RollingStone

'04 was his greatest achievement. Taught the Obama people everything they know about base motivation

I'm down with Occupy but I'm voting Obama. At this point voting third party is throwing it to Romney. SCOTUS noms main reason

so other than the normal scholarships, how would obama help you keep low loans? The interest or what?

Bad sign?   Obama Ends Campaign in Half-Empty Arena

Can't even begin to dive down my tl for Leno, Kimmel, Ellen, Mackies tall tale etc Too distracted by ummm an Obama re-election lol

What could go wrong? RT I am confident in saying that President Obama is going to carry the state of Florida tonight.

You're a dumbass.  Do you see anything that indicates that I am voting for Obama? Get out of my mentions.  Dick.

I agree Christie had to get $ for NJ, but he didn't have to pander. A MR win means Obama couldn't short funding btwn now  Jan.

Tomorrow morning Romney will amend his taxes #Election2012

LMFAO :( I Don't even know what a romney is.

Gravy. Moar plz  AP RACE CALL: Obama wins Virginia. #Election2012

Obama won, 3 states just legalized gay marriage, and Tammy Baldwin is the first openly gay senator. America, cheers to mo

Now: #Romney steps up to the podium at the Boston Convention Center

My debate on Romney's 5-Point Plan appears 11/1/12 on WMBF NBC News Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, Raycom News Network!

Amazing to see Obama has grown grey hair jst for an annual pay of $400k.and our senators in Nigeria are gettin paid $1.7m for nutin!life?

Guys that are editing Obama's words to his wife to suit and send to your gal friends #GodiswatchingYou

Obama has a dog in the White House, but hold on. WHERE TF THE KITTIES ATT?!?! -.- Time to fix that

There's just as many white people voting against Obama because he's black as there are blacks voting because he's black.

Fox, I'm stoked you're featuring us today, but you gotta quit it with these Romney commercials. I can't deal with hi

Latest Angus Reid Wisconsin State Poll has Obama at 53 % and Romney at 46 %

A tie for Obama and Romney in first results  via

BREAKING NEWS: has NOT called Pres yet to concede. The Obama camp is awaiting his call.

How can you lose by 1.M votes and still get elected? It's a shame guys. Obama or Romney supporter. It's terrible.

This American Jew broad can't comprehend another MOT voting for Romney.

I wish yall shut up. If Romney win yall just gonna move from section 8 into a shelter

Def one of your best shows though! Congrats and hopefully tomorrow we will have another four years with President Obama! #Forward

22 min after posting the most popular tweet of all time Barack  Michelle Obama #President  #FirstLady

Yes, I trust Our President.  I do not trust Romney, No Ma'am

Real Clear Politics average puts Obama at 48.9, *exactly* what Bush had in 2004:

23 -9  sounds right to me. Can't imagine who would vote for that lying piece of garbage, Mitt Romney

Obama can blame it on the toxic legacy of the economy, Romney on the damage done to the Republican brand.

Obama makes every other husband in the US look like shit.

Obama's Headquarters fake cheer was louder than Romney's fake cheer! #election2012

Inside the Obama Campaign's Hard Drive  via

at least obama is a people person and understands to treat everyone the way you want to be treated. oOOPS????

Romney has conceded CBS reports

24 It's been wonderful to have President Obama as a champion for access to health care for all women  Cecile Richards NY

Mitt Romney is a man I respect. He is a great American. My hat is off to him. #tcot #RomneyRyan2012 #election2012

Ryanitis: Dowd Loses Her Delicately Balanced Mind in Ryan Fearmongering  #American #anyone #calm #pop #Romney

BREAKING: Barack Obama wins Virginia. Our full state-by-state tally:

Here's Tomorrow's New York Times Front Page Announcing Obama's Win

If time for the awesome Obama ground game to go into effect.

First Election Day voters, in N.H., give Obama lead: Tiny Dixville Notch ties 5-5, Obama-Romney, and Hart's Location

Bruce Springsteen Rocks Swing States for Obama

They clowned obama for having hov and bruce but mitt has Meatloaf and Kid Rock and thats ok? im crying

My #Christian friends, if Obama re-elected, we'll loose r religious freedom to worship God. WHAT WOULD #JESUS DO? Would he vote for #Obama?

To all the kids at LPPACS who keep talking shit on Romney - just remember hes the one who supports the charter schools like LP, not Obama.

Reports--8 States Will Decide! Daily Presidential Tracking Poll: Romney 49%, Obama 48%

I'm voting for Obama because I believe he is the man that is going to turn the economy around for the middle class period.

@highlight

New York's Republican Mayor Bloomberg endorses President Obama for re-election.

@highlight

Reports--8 States Will Decide! Daily Presidential Tracking Poll: Romney 49%, Obama 48%

@highlight

Obama and Clinton at Saturday night rally in Virginia

@highlight

Latest Angus Reid Wisconsin State Poll has Obama at 53 % and Romney at 46 %

@highlight

A tie for Obama and Romney in first results.

@highlight

Here's Tomorrow's New York Times Front Page Announcing Obama's Win

