Healthy that Obama seems to have won popular vote. Disarms what would otherwise have been a weapon for GOP to delegitimise, add to gridlock.

Here's Tomorrow's New York Times Front Page Announcing Obama's Win

George Bush Accidently Votes For Obama  #win pqp LOL (via

romney gonna be mad as fuck at his own state! lmaooo

Obama Got 4 More Years This Race Is Over!!

Nate you should be getting laid right now, not tweeting.. congrats . Not a Big Win for Obama, but a Broad One

That combination is like mitt Romney vs obama

Is it too late for Mit Romney to join the I'm a Celebrity team in the jungle?

Why Did Obama Win? 3 Perspectives: Before I call it a night -- and a hugely disappointing one at  via

To everyone making a joke out of Romney's loss.. You will be the ones who end up on welfare. #goodluck

New York's Republican Mayor Bloomberg endorses President Obama for re-election.

Obama/Jarrett will be on full throttle now to complete their plan to destroy America from within. Going great. USSA

America has obama, and Australia have a lady who can't even walk in heels without falling flat on her face.

Dear #Obama, you won. Now get the fuck, off my TL

Mormon Church Congratulates President Obama

No offence,congs for Obama but the way Ugandans are overly hyped about his win as if he's their president.relax!!

I'm actually in a good mood! I mean Obama won,I'm got my outfit for the concert and I'm getting my phone today! YAY!

OBAMA, OBAMA,  OBAMA,  OBAMA, OBAMA,  OBAMA,  OSAMA o/,  OBAMA,  OBAMA,  OBAMA,  OBAMA,  OBAMA,  OBAMA,  OBAMA,  OBAMA,  OBAMA,  OBAMA!

I think that Obama  crew will wish to hell they'd left him in congress.Pretty

THE CELEBRATION WE JUST HAD FOR OBAMA

Latest Angus Reid Wisconsin State Poll has Obama at 53 % and Romney at 46 %

Got my whip on the same day #Obama got re-elected. #Yessir

And for those who think that Obama is left wing; he's not, Obama is about as left wing as David Cameron!

So the Iraq War is over just because Obama said so?Bullshit. If Iraq wanted to bomb the US again, they'd do it without the OK from him.

Obama won the popular vote too, by a large margin. It just happened well after your bedtime.

[CBSNewsOnline] Former GOP pollster on where Romney failed, future of the party

Just watched Obama's speech. Cried. Proud.

Newly-reelected Obama: We know in our hearts that for the United States of America, the best is yet to come.

53 House Members Demand Obama Answer Benghazi Questions

Video US President Barack Obama Speaks at FEMA Headquarters Hurricane Sandy The White House:

Seniors who voted for Obama know not what they do. Wait until Obamacare kicks in.

Obama or Romney idk, but I do know that tomorrow is Wednesday, and on Wednesdays, we wear pink.

I bet Obama is still puttin in work.

As soon as 2008 had voted, #Romney staffers inside the McCain shop put out a raft of lies about Palin.

ASFOPBFUOFFJHGGG OBAMA WON I KNEW IT LOL. WOOOOOOOOOO

Search the #FuckObama hashtag. Yeah after these AM meetings Im setting anti Obama twitter on FIRE

romney wears 1d uggs to sleep. Pass it on.

Romney wasn't JUST campaigning against Obama-he was being hammered constantly by all of the MSM who would adversely spin

Stars support Obama's victory: A host of Hollywood stars, including Eva Longoria, Zoe Saldana and Olivia Wilde, all

I am  was 100% Romney supporter, Patriots, but I am thinking his advisers did not let him be the tough Romney on Li

The one group, SENIOR CITIZENS, I don't understand, voted for Romney. That is the one group who are old enough to know b

Asian-American voters favored Obama over Romney by almost 50 percentage points, 73% to 26%. Latinos at similar rate.

A tie for Obama and Romney in first results.

hooray! my power is back on;obama has succeeded;now let's get back to work and make things better,really better

Elections say pehlay romney ki chamchon ka mulk aur ab najoomiyon ka land of pure Pakistan! Now barack HUSSAIN Obama co. Pvt ltd.

I refused to believe that of Black ppl. Now I know it's true. Blacks need a sugar daddy and Obama is it.

Obama won last night or nah?

~ Take Off Your Blinders  Read: Obama Administration's Secret Talks with Iran Confirmed | JewishPress

nor'easter coming. Will likely lose power again. But hallelujah-  we are not looking down that Romney/Ryan road!

New blog posting, President Obama: Election Day is Almost Over So Get Out There and Vote -

The Taoiseach and the opposition have sent their congratulations to Barack Obama, follow our liveblog for the latest

You're talking about Obama winning, right?

A white guy in the voting line was like he's scared of what blacks might do if Obama loses I said shiiiit me tooThese

Ach Romney you have to say that. Whatcha really think?

The IQ levels of Mitt Romney and Barack Obama were similar, but see how they used it.

OBAMA will bankrupt our country, Hes already doing what Greece has done , in 4 years he added the same amount of debt than Bush in 8 years.

- 2 other states did the same thing last nightI was probably happier there than when Obama won

Good Morning, America! We are living in an #Obama Nation! #Election2012 #Obama2012

World News: David Cameron congratulates Obama: Prime Minister David Cameron has sent his congratulations to Bara

But no arrests made and won't be called a riot. If they were students of color protesting Romney, a different set of outcomes.

RT if you dont live in USA but you are happy that Obama won

The Washington Post's campaign tick-tock. Note Obama's Harperesque use of early negative ads to define Romney

#ImSickOf seeing Obama and Romney all over my timeline.

Obama and Clinton at Saturday night rally in Virginia

If Romney Win, Im Going To School Dressed In A Tank Top And Gym Shorts Ready To Fight The First Bitch Who LOOK Like T

#Obama Had a class victory speech from what I seen on the news.

congrats to you! For, you know, Obama, etc. but mostly your hot dog.

Now I can sleep good knowing that OBAMA is our president again.

Going to bed happy. Goodnight, all. Congrats to Obama/Biden on 4 more years! God bless you all, and God bless America!

The Nation has spoken.Obama has been reelected.Would you stop taking pot shots at obama+be more constructive.You have lost Joe.

#SoHappy4MoreYears :) i waz gonna move if Obama lost now i dont have to :) #GreatJobObama! 3

Obama won Romney home state . That's a shame his own state don't wont him

Poignant.  I am confident in saying that President Obama is going to carry the state of Florida tonight. h

Obama, fresh from re-election, has little time to savor win -

Aur Phas gaye Obama, dobara.

Obama needs to remain president in my eyes! #personalopinion

To all the Obama haters u get the Ibaka n the HeBitch dance

#election2012 Congrats to #Obama The freedom to vote is rocking  | The country has spoken!!

idk if she's anti Obama. But she didn't vote for him.

Flag hair lady steals Obama's spotlight

Shh!  Shh!  Did U know #OBAMA was black?  Did U also know some ppl afraid 2 blame him because he's BLAAACK.  Oh, the horror!

I will literally never hear the end of this election, and only from ignorant people who had no actual reason for wanting Obama.

After #Obama win, how civility can come to Washington. OPED:

Despite predictions otherwise, youth support for Obama rose this election

They was Out 2 HANG Our PRESIDENT YallFUCK ROMNEY n WHOEVER FUX wit'em..If u Hope we Didnt Make it #FuckU..

China is probably pissed that Obama won. LOOKS LIKE WERE STILL GUNNA B BORROWING MONEY FROM CHINA!!!!!!!!!

obama won and mom and dad are fighting

you support obama!? i thought were on republican side

Of course they can. That's what an exit poll is.  Obama won Catholics. #prochoice

just an extension of the celebrity culture IMO. Obama is another celebrity to a lot of people.

Great article on parallels between Obama and a dictator: Him

Can we have Obama for primeminister pls

Obama Wins Reelection Celebrities Explode on twttr  #TirelessObama

Breaking: FOX News: Romney has won the election and has already fixed the economy.#CNNelection #ElectionDay2012

Romney still could have attacked Obama. Everyone in Ohio is not an auto worker who got bailout. Resentment cuts both ways.

Mark my words: The Obama presidency will be hailed as equally or more transformative as those of FDR, LBJ, Kennedy a

Obama re-elected after sweeping swing states -

Reports--8 States Will Decide! Daily Presidential Tracking Poll: Romney 49%, Obama 48%

Punch News - Obama thanks Americans for re-election

If Mitt Romney wins it just proves how stupid America really is  #300

Lol I'm peeing on mitt ROMNEY as we speak

Legally speaking, did Romney lose the election in Arizona a week ago?

And Obama and Clinton only Democrats elected twice since FDR.

Dear America, regardless of who wins, one thinks we all agree it shouldn't be Mitt Romney.

possibly. Not sure. Obama didn't win it in 2008.

Except Obama like we had to except bush

@highlight

New York's Republican Mayor Bloomberg endorses President Obama for re-election.

@highlight

Reports--8 States Will Decide! Daily Presidential Tracking Poll: Romney 49%, Obama 48%

@highlight

Obama and Clinton at Saturday night rally in Virginia

@highlight

Obama remain president on 4 more years!

@highlight

Obama and Clinton only Democrats elected twice since FDR.

