I honestly can't believe something like this is happening in Sydney of all places. Aus. Always seemed like a peaceful relatively happy place

my mom has friends in Sydney I hope they're okay. I hope everyone is okay. This is scary stuff. #PrayForSydneyHostages

Sydney siege highlights rise of Islamist extremism in Australia

Sydney police commissioner: 'We have moved to a footingconsistent with a terrorist event'  [Sale

Sydney siege: Five hostages flee cafe  [Sale  ] #video

Anybody know any of the handles of the hostages on Twitter in Sydney? #sydneysiege #PrayForSydney

Indian consulate's helpline in Sydney: Deputy Consul General Vinod Bahade at +61 481 453550. Track latest updates

More on Sydney standoff on forced to raise an Islamic flag in window. Five people manage to escape to freedom.

You are in our hearts Sydney we pray you remain safe! #SydneyHostageCrisis

Sydney NSW police: Our only priority is the safety of hostages -

5 people so far have fled Sydney cafe. Unknown number of hostages still inside.

safe, and just focus on that side of those things that happening with this horrible situation going on in Sydney

How we react to uncontrollable terror events is what defines us as people  I salute the people of Sydney for #illridewithyou

5SOS :) aren't :) the :) only :) people :) who :) live :) in :) Sydney :) stop :) being :) so :) selfish :)

I'm so worried about given what's happening in Sydney  the PM not saying anything#WorriedCanadianTweep

whats happened in sydney?????? #MTVStars One Direction

Im praying for the people in Sydney/Australia and the whole world in general! No one deserves to feel/be treated this way

'Sydney Lindt Cafe hostage takers demand, 5 flee from restaurant, radio dj talks with

Sydney siege: Police don't know gunman's motivation: Gunman takes control of cafe in Sydney, seizing an  (USTO)

North East doesn't get reported because it's far off from main cities, editors argue. Guess Sydney is closer to India than Imphal.

Anti-Islamophobia hashtag #illridewithyou is trending globally as Sydney hostage crisis continues -

Media Guide to CrimeAboriginal = it's culturalMuslim = it's terrorismChristian = it's mental illness#sydneysiege #MartinPlace #siege

Several hostages get out of Sydney caf  #NLU

#SydneySiege Indian cricketers' security increased in #Brisbane after hostage crisis in Sydney

Sydney siege: Police don't know gunman's motivation: Gunman takes control of cafe i  via

Sydney Siege:  (news as it should be, to the point, without dramatic music making entertainment of others plight)

Good perspective from on overblown hostage situation in Sydney

I don't know what to make of the situation in Sydney but I do know that it'll be used to tar all Muslims with the same brush.

Ch 9 reporting alleged Sydney siege gunmen is on bail for offences against his former wife.

our pray for Banjarnegara landslide and hope everything back to normal. and our thoughts are with Sydney. hope everybody gets out safely

Sydney cafe siege analysis  [Sale  ] #video

WOW YALL MAKE ME SO MAD OK YES I AM 100% CONCERNED ABOUT EVERY OTHER BEING IN SYDNEY BUT I CAN STILL BE WORRIED ABOUT 5SOS OK FUCK YOU GUYS

#Sydney #police commissioner: 'We have moved to a footingconsistent with a #terrorist event' - Dec 15 AM ET

Sydney Cafe Siege: Gunman Is Named  via

INFOSYS n media .. Both are equally dumb in this case Infosys confirms its employee among hostages held in Sydney cafe

His Muslim brothers are responsible for what is currently happening in Sydney, Australia

I'll say it again: One trained patron in Sydney chocolate shop with a concealed weapon may have prevented this. But that's illegal there.

Hour 12 of Sydney hostage crisis, live updates on Morning News starting at 4:30am

I hope everyone is okay in Sydney and nothing bad happens from this hostage situation

Thoughts and prayers go out to all those involved and affected in the Sydney Seige xxx

Video :ODN - Sydney siege: Police are monitoring social media: Australian police have said they are monitoring

Uber backtracks on 'Sydney siege' price hikes by offering free rides, refunds

Hostages held inside #Sydney's Lindt cafe, forced to display Islamic flags. Follow live updates:

Sydney Crisis: Hostages share gunman's demands in chilling phone calls.

Hey  The guy in Sydney wants an #ISIS flag why don't you give him yours Oh Wait you still need it

some gentleman. Hey there's a coffee shop I think you should go to right away, it's in Sydney and has

Gunman takes hostages in Sydney cafe, displays flag w/ Arabic script:  #5Things #sydneysiege

A female hostage stands by the front entrance of the cafe as she turns the lights off in Sydney. #sydneysiege

5 people have escaped from Sydney cafe in hostage crisis; police won't say how many remain.

Islamic rally in #Sydney. #Shahada flag? check. Islamic head banner? check. genocidal comments? check. #sydneysiege

Australians tweet #illridewithyou to support Muslims fearing an anti-Islam backlash from the Sydney hostage siege

INSubcontinent:  Hostages held by 'Islamists' in Sydney c INSubc

That thing in Sydney still going on. Wow.

Police: 'We are being tested today in Sydney'  [Sale  ] #video

Two more women flee from the #Sydney #LindtChocolateCafe #sydneysiege

Sydney siege: Uber slammed after fares near hostage drama rose by more than 4 TIMES  via

Police say they are in contact with gunman holding hostages in Sydney, Australia  via

the news is that it's an ex service man who changed his religion is involved in the sydney siege!!

One Gunman holds hostages inside Sydney cafe.

Sydney siege brings Uber criticism  [Sale  ] #news

Look, the situation in Sydney is probably politically motivated, but deny that religion plays a large role in it is gross ignorance.

we need to look at the big picture and send all our love and prayers to everyone in Sydney. No one deserves this #illridewithyou

This world is so messed up first Sydney and now Belgium,people are the ones who are killing each other,does the word 'humanity' even exist?

Sydney hostage crisis: 5 people escape cafe; Islamic gunman still holding others - Washington Times

any indication that #Sydney crisis could be part of coordinated attacks on other cities? No. #Ghent not seen as related

An updated map of the Sydney exclusion zone around the hostage site at Martin Pl. #sydneysiege

Sydney siege: Tony Abbott praises police  [Sale  ] #video

nahi yaa..watching the Sydney siege.

WHY ARE PEOPLE MAKING JOKES ABOUT ZAYN BEING A TERRORIST IN SYDNEY WHAG THE ACTUAL FUCK IM SO DONE

Hostage-taker in Sydney cafe siege is Iranian refugee named Haron Monis: Reuters #sydneysiege

My prayers go out to everyone who's involved in the disaster in Sydney, hope everyone will get out safe!

Watch live as hostages remain trapped inside #SydneyCafe as armed siege continues into night

ocaipira kerch    RTHAPPY Monday ! Hugs  kisses ! So sad what's going on in Sydney :(

My thoughts go out to all the hostages and family in the Sydney cafe Hope everyone returns safely home

: I was watching the Chief of Police in Sydney and he even knows the first names of many media staff. Not the case in Hong Kong.

I hope the Sydney situation ends soon with no violence and everyone getting out safely

ALERT! Australian Prime Minister Makes Statement On On-Going Sydney Cafe Attack  #WRH

i really hope all the people in sydney who are trapped in the cafe get out safely

CNN - Five hostages flee from Sydney cafe: Siege at Lindt cafe in Sydney's busy Central Business DistrictGunm

US consulate near hostage siege evacuated  #sydneysiege

Gunman holds hostages at cafe in Sydney; five escape via

The taking over of a Swiss owned chocolate retail store in Sydney isstrange. It's certainly not symbolic of a larger struggle.

Imagine if BO had responded to #Ferguson in the same manner did over Sydney? Leaders inspire support trust are there for you

Watching the news and hearing about Sydney. Prayers to everyone involved. I hope they get the guy.

Police surround cafe. A major police operation was under way Monday morning in Sydney.

Over 6,500 #illridewithyou tweets already - currently 198 Tweets per minute - god love you Sydney

hope everyone involved in the hostage situation in sydney stays safe i wish i could ride over on my kangaroo and somehow help

Five people fled a cafe in Sydney, Australia, where an armed individual was holding an unknown number of hostages

In the 12 hours everyone has focused on the hostage situation in Sydney 40 more Americans died from gunshots. #gunsense

Fear returns to streets of summertime Sydney

SYDNEY Link for tickets.. Goes live in 4 hours

I have a feeling the act in Sydney may have a snowball effect. Stay sharp out there fellow operators. There's still a fight going on.

Thx! No wonder Abbott's milking the Sydney siege for all its worth

Live coverage of the Martin Place siege will continue through the night on The Sydney Morning Herald site here:

can someone explain whats going on in sydney

BREAKING: a sixth hostage has escaped from the Lindt cafe in Sydney #sydneysiege

No confirmation if Indians among Sydney hostages: Government in touch with consulate on #sydneysiege

My best thoughts go out to the people of Sydney. Take care. CHEERS

Siege in Sydney has now been going on for 13 hours. Hopefully it ends quickly with no violence #sydneysiege Live:

Gunman holds Sydney cafe hostages  [Sale  ] #news

The Sydney I love in and never want to leave is very much the #illridewithyou City, not the hatred and bile of Cronulla City.

Sydney crisis: Uber backtracks on price hikes

I bet these guys finish this quicker than the Sydney fiasco!

@highlight

One Gunman holds hostages inside Sydney cafe.

@highlight

a sixth hostage has escaped from the Lindt cafe in Sydney

@highlight

Police surround cafe. A major police operation was under way Monday morning in Sydney.

@highlight

Siege in Sydney has now been going on for 13 hours.

@highlight

Police don't know gunman's motivation.

@highlight

Australian Prime Minister Makes Statement On On-Going Sydney Cafe Attack

@highlight

Hostage-taker in Sydney cafe siege is Iranian refugee named Haron Monis

