St. Patrick's Day festivities in Chicago kick off this morning and continue through the day.

Berlin will turn green on Sunday for the St. Patrick's Day Parade 2014  #irelnd #travel

Shamrock science will help you get lucky on St. Patrick's Day

Getting my green on ahead of tomorrow's celebrations! #St #Patrick's #Day #Nails #OPI

HAPPY ST PATRICK'S DAY AND THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH FOR YOUR SUPPORT WITH MY ANIMAL  #VETERAN CAUSES! #RESCUE #SOT

So the mayor is not going to march in the St Patricks parade in BostonBFD. Like his presence is actually needed #mapoli

Love it when they dye the river green in honor of St. Patrick Day. #Chicago

Mobile St. Patrick's Day street party what's up? I was out of the car about three minutes before beer  shot placed in hand. #RollMobileRoll

Warm ups for #Preds #STLBlues. Preds wearing St. Patrick's Day jerseys.

I don't look at prince gumball the same after I found out neil patrick harris does the voice ;-;

Dyeing of river kicks off St. Patrick's Day weekend - Chicago Tribune: Washington Post Dyeing of river kicks off

I'm making Key Lime Lemon filled, w/ cream cheese whipped icing cup cakes for work, yummy! Happy St. Patricks

Patrick Depailler - Tyrrel P34 - Monte Carlo, Monaco Grand Prix - 1977

At the #Knicks game for my early St Patricks Day birthday. Couldn't be more happier to be here!  #NYMADE

St Patrick is on Monday back over here

Oh shit, just in time for St Patricks Day celebrations let us see you #Lopezing

Terminal 1 has also gone green for Saint Patrick's Day. #GlobalGreening #DUBPaddys

Patrick Charles Makandel Group-Code Noir,Sumida triphony hall,  via

Watch: Manchester Irish Festival parade for St Patrick's Day in 3 minutes: The parade, ahead of St Patrick's D

if saint patrick had twitter in 2014 he'd be like ten years ago we had snakes now we have no snakes

Movie is the Italian-American answer to St Patrick's Day hoopla.

Corktown St Patricks Day parade

I bet Patrick is disappointed too about no love scenes with BS!!

TOMORROW! Don't miss St Patrick's Day celebrations in Trafalgar Square and across London:

Cory Conacher preps for warmups in the #Sabres St. Patrick's-themed jerseys.

A Irish Blessing on St Patrick's Day!

Spongbob: Hey Patrick, are you mad too?P: yes!S: Why?P: I can't see my forehead!

ur u excited for st. patricks day

#TheirABC leads with St Patricks day parade  ignores 100k Aussies who #MarchInMarch against the #AbbRORT regime. #ABCNews24

St. Patrick came from a rich English family and was kidnapped by pirates to be sold as a slave in Ir -

Okay. St. Patricks weekend. Good enough

What would a LGBT group do in a St. Patrick's Day Parade? If their not promoting LGBT rights, what r they promoting? St. Patrick? The Irish?

its a national holiday celebrating St Patrick,

I'm late I know but Happy St Patricks Tweeps :)

Live updates from the annual St. Patrick's Day breakfast in South Boston:

Other than parades, celebrating St. Patrick's Day on any day other than March 17th isjust wrong.

Patrick Beverley with the facial on Chris Bosh

Beer, bagels and pizza? See what foods NJ is turning green for St. Patrick's Day.  #stpaddysnj

can you let me know how things progress,  I'll be in the midst of st patricks shenanigans in Belfast

How do you number a St Patrick's day event anyway , count every 2nd person in all the bars ?

Drunk people passed out on sidewalks at 4pm. Must be Straight Pride Day / St. Patrick's Day.

St. Patrick's Eve Tweet-a-Thon Sunday March 16th at 10PM ES  Bring Back Copper Group will celebrate Copper  Our Irish Boyos ! #SaveCopperTV

WGN: How do you get rid of a telemarketer? How does Chicago rock St. Patrick's Day? J

CAN WE ALL SET THIS AS OUR ICONS ON ST PATRICKS DAY

MarchinMarch retards now hijacking st Patrick marches as their own support base - tell them to FO paddies #auspol

Ready to out drink everyone.  Rob Ford + St Patrick's parade

Who Came First AL Cohen Or ST. Patrick::: Stop By   250+ Local Buffalo Foods

Nine chic ways to wear green makeup for St. Patrick's Day - and beyond:

MT To celebrate St Patrick's Day, stop by the shop tomorrow wearing green and get a free tea of the day!

Maria Shriver knows her son Patrick is a hunk!  via the Android app

Every year St. Patrick's Day looks more like the Gathering Of The Juggalos

WGEM-TV: Come on out to the Quincy St. Patrick's Day Parade. Don't forget to wear green!

Happy St. Patrick's Day to you  your family! Thanks for wearing green on ABC7 Morning News.

Send us your St. Patrick's Day weekend photos:

there have been signs saying happy st patricks day both here and in sf though so it seems to span the weekend in practice

do you celebrate St. Patrick's Day weekend or just St. Patrick's Day?You are in Ireland so I would think you know?

17 St. Patrick's Day Revelers Vomiting EVERYWHERE Because Their Bodies Can't Accept That They Are Merely Vessels For Procreation And Death

An Irish Classic for St. Patrick's Day: Irish Colcannon: If you're like most American's, you will be celebrating

Celebrate St Patricks Day With Some Luck Of The Irish For Everyone

Happy St Patricks weekend! This is an awesome livery Really want to see this!!

I just realized your birthday is on Saint Patrick's Day that is so amazing!

Thousands attend Belfast St Patrick's Day  parade

I swear if I ever had a patrick reply, I'd cry

tommorow st.patricks day so im not going to school

Tall Ship, the Dunbrody goes green for St Patrick's Day #newross #wexford #StPatricksDay

The true spirit of St. Patrick's Day  h/t CC:

#NigerianDailyNews The world's top St. Patrick's Day parades (IrishCentral): By     April Drew    #daily #news

People who love #Merica so much all of a sudden become Irish on St. Patrick's Day.

#weather WINTER WEATHER: Timeline for Cecil County Snow: At the end of the rainbow on St. Patrick's Day, there

Sponsors are fleeing Boston's homophobic St. Patrick's Day Parade:

A lot of non-religious types celebrate St. Patrick's Day for their own convoluted reasons, so I won't bother you about religious blah blah

It looks really cool. My sister just texted me to say we need to go see it in person. Is St. Patrick's Day a big deal in Chicago?

St Patricks Day in Cork, Ireland #cork #ireland #paddysday #StPatricksday #stpatricksday2014

It's whatever it takes when it comes to parking in Southie on #StPatricksDay Parade Day.

it's only 2 o'clock and people are going crazy downtown Chicago for St. Patrick's Day

VIDEO: Disney-ABC Domestic Television St Patrick's Day spoof logo | Watch:  via Youtube

Patrick Ianni as a right back sub?

WATCH: El Cajon streets run green for St. Patrick's Day Half Marathon.

So happy to have friends coming over to celebrate St Patrick's Day tonight!

Wine  a 4 leaf clover? Happy early St Patrick's day to me.

Rand Paul attractive to liberals. / Al Qaeda calls for car bomb attacks on U.S. cities. / St. Patrick wins --

usually the only green icy on St. Patrick's Day is what people throw up lol o_0 #justsayin

25 lovely photographs of Ireland to celebrate the feast of Saint Patrick

WQAD-TV: As you celebrate during St. Patrick's Day weekend, keep in mind that cops will b

I'm glad my people took my advice on how to party with Caucasians on St. Patrick's Day weekend. Either do it only once or never lol.

Nobody wants to watch or think about gay propaganda with their children while watching a parade celebrating St. Patrick #duh

When did St. Patrick's Day become a three-day weekend?

Happy St. Patricks Day everyone! Here's some Irish porcelain for you to drink your Guiness out of ;)

tomorrow is st patricks dayif there arent pictures of drunk niall dressed in all green I'm gonna be mad

around this time 3 years ago I would be on tumblr reblogging niall and the boys wearing green bc st patricks day aw

is winning over the #WHODAT Nation at the Irish Channel St. Patrick's Day parade! #NOLA

I just remembered that everyone is celebrating St. Patrick's Day tonight which probably means uber will be 2-3x as much. Forget that.

Boston mayor will not attend St. Patrick's Day Parade:

looks cool Mrs.Patrick ;) but you should use my logo ;)) have fun!!

Patrick looked up in horror, the handcuffs weren't handcuffs at all, but intestines. Pete was Hannibal Lecter.

PARTY TIP: This entire weekend is St. Patrick's Day.

ooo its St. Patricks day today

Looks like the Penguins started drinking early for St. Patrick's Day

#Sabres to sell St. Patrick's Day-themed signed pucks at tonight's game. DETAILS:

In a related story, Receiverver throws out first law-suit of St. Patrick's day?

@highlight

Don't miss St Patrick's Day celebrations in Trafalgar Square and across London tomorrow.

@highlight

you must wear green participate in St. Patrick's Day Parade.

@highlight

El Cajon streets run green for St. Patrick's Day Half Marathon.

