Sydney gunman's ex-wife fled to America to escape abusive husband

Allahumma Salim SalimYa Allah grant security to the hostages ya Allah protect them in #SYDNEY

WATCH - Who was Sydney siege gunman Man Haron Monis? -

edit of Tori Johnson family statement appears to been an attempt to hide Tori was gay. #LGBT #Sydney

An Australian cop lays a floral tribute with thousands of others near the site of Sydney siege. (Photo via Reuters)

Sydney Siege: Second Indian Hostage Also an Infosys Employee  via

Australia siege: Who was gunman?  [Sale  ] #news

VIDEO: New footage emerges of police storming Sydney cafe where gunman was holding hostages:

Awful scenes today,but can't help feeling Sydney and Pakistan deaths came at a convenient time for US following torture doc #PakSchoolSiege

Hostages 34 year old man, 38 year old woman dead as Sydney siege ends.

: makes statement in LS on Sydney, Peshawar terror attacks #IndiaWithPakistan

Gun restrictions only target  law abiding Criminals/Terrorists  don't obey gun laws eg Chicago  Sydney

Investigation begins into Sydney siege: Thousands of people have already visited a memorial at the Sydne  (cbs)

Everyones like 'aw Harry is so sweet' but heaps of famous people have tweeted about the Sydney siege

Australia supported the Iranian-fugitive-turned-Sydney-hostage taker; Western me  via

Australia hails man who gave his life as hostages fled clutches of a gunman: Sydney siege victims remembered a

#Iran says it wanted extradition of #Sydney attacker in 2000, but #Australia rejected request

#Peshawar and Sydney attacks show local threats are global threats too: John Kerry, US Secretary of State #PakSchoolSiege (Times Now)

Sydneysiders fill Martin Place with flowers to honour hostages who died: Grief has gripped Sydney this m  (DMO)

Fox News hosts use Sydney siege to defend CIA  via

Sydney siege: Tony Abbott launches urgent joint inquiry

#Peshawar non stop coverage of Sydney siege on CNN. But no coverage of Pakistan attack where 100+ kids killed.

Hey Alex how have you been? Was just in Sydney for a day a few months ago.too bad I missed ya!

Australian prime minister Tony Abbot says Sydney cafe siege gunman, Man Horan Monis, was not on a terrorism watchlist

MUSLIM'S MUST BE 'OBAMA OUTRAGED!' Peter King: Sydney Attack Part of 'Changing Face of Terrorism'  via

Sydney gunman's ex-partner feared he would shoot her  #ANN

VIDEO: Moment police stormed Sydney cafe  [Sale  ] #news

Taliban slaughter of schoolkids in Pakistan and the Sydney siege aftermath are among our top stories this morning -

Sydney cafe siege could have happened in Britain, Cameron warns  via

Human Resources Management and Industrial Relations at Sydney Uni

Whatever in Pak today and Sydney yesrday,equal responsibility goes to US and UN.Both must take action against Pak immediately

History of working with others and making claims that there were bombs elsewhere in Sydney.

Getting a 'gift' with a friend in town.  Store, Sydney in Sydney, NSW)

what went on in Sydney is so terrible im sending my prayers out to everyone there :(

Attacker in Sydney Siege was 'Deeply Disturbed,' PM Says  #EMM

Sydney siege: Katrina Dawson was mother, daughter, sister, aunt, friend | Sharri Markson : The Australian

RT: lovely tweet.. Sending some of that love to #Sydney  Xxx#wlf

Was a 17-hour agonising wait: Sydney hostage#039;s father

With Just 40 Gun Murders In Australia In 2012, Sydney Hostage Crisis Looms Large  FYI US had 11,622 in 2012.

Police presence increased across Sydney after siege  via

Feeling so sad for the lives lost in Sydney.

That is true, but I did confuse this issue with the Sydney attacker. So many postings, so much happening to track.

Eight questions still to be answered about Man Haron Monis and the Sydney siege  [Sale  ] #news

Sydney siege: Rupert Murdoch criticised over 'heartless' congratulations tweet  via

In Sydney, I eat food from a different culture every day and I love it

Yesterday was Sydney siege and today it is in Pakistan. :( these people are innocent. When will we live in peace #Pakistansiege

. I can confirm that the U.S. Consulate General in Sydney has been evacuated as a security precaution.

Really! With what's happening in #Pakistan you open with Jeb Bush. Yesterday was wall to wall Sydney. Today crickets.

#Sydney -style attack 'inevitable' in #NYC: #NYPD  #ACAB terror chief

fatty. I'm in Sydney. I miss him.

Sydney Cafe Siege Ends in Deaths, Questions  via

did sydney just call me daddy

Questions over why Sydney gunman with 'long and chequered history' was not on watch list  via

#Sydney #hostage crisis highlights lone #wolf threat in U.S. - Dec 16 PM ET

5 Reasons to Question the Official Story of the 'Sydney Siege'  via

Sydney siege: Kiwis not put off travelling to Australia: The killing of hostages in Sydney has not deter  (NZH)

How Fox News Exploited The Deadly Sydney Hostage Situation To Justify Torture

All our love and Support to the families of those involved in the hostage Horror in Sydney .Kia Kaha

#R4Today desperate to blame someone other than the Sydney siege murderer for the murders he committed.

3 killed as cops storm Sydney cafe to end siege via

People are Mad at HARRY bc he tweeted about Sydney and not Pakistan okay but did the others boys tweet about it either?

Ironies. Iran sought the extradition of the Sydney gunman on fraud charges 14 years ago. Australia declined  #fb

Sydney Siege Why Should We Believe?  #WRH

Pretty Soon Our Leaders Will Label Them Mentally Ill Just Like The Sydney Gunman Or The Texas Murderer Nidal!

Unfortunate terror attacks like Sydney and Peshawar brings many sick apologists out of their closets.

Gunman in deadly Sydney siege had long police record. Latest, ahead on

I would rather be in nz than Sydney rn

Mayb Sony should get in on the Sydney siege ,,,

Australian Prime Minister Makes Statement On On-Going Sydney Cafe Attack

Wife of Syney cafe gunman Man Haron Monis praised Bali bombings and 9/11 online: The wife of the Sydney   (DMO)

Peshawar and Sydney attacks show local threats are global threats too: John Kerry, US Secretary of State

a very similar incident happened in Sydney yesterday so according to you Australia  is also a failed state right?

While you were busy watching the #SydneySiege in #Sydney, the  lying did this:  #auspol

One Gunman holds hostages inside Sydney cafe.

Sydney jails ready to explode: Lockdown as weapons foundand Muslim prayers banned

NYPD increased NYC #security during #Sydney siege - Dec 16 AM ET

The title in Dubai was:'Tensions surface as Australian Muslims fear Sydney siege backlash'It matters

Man Who Held Dozens Hostage in Sydney Suspected of 50 Sexual.

Sydney gunman entered Australia via Malaysia, Iran police reveal  via

Australian Government Faces Questions Over Sydney Gunman

Sydney cafe gunman dropped off watch list years ago: A gunman responsible for a deadly siege in a Sydney  (Fox)

Did anything new happen in Sydney?

Sydney siege: NZ Muslims in tears over support: New Zealand Muslims were brought to tears by a social me  (NZH)

Hostage-taker in Sydney cafe siege is Iranian refugee named Sheikh Man Monis, well known preacher, who came to Sydney from Iran in the 1990s.

Images of peaceful Australian Muslim demonstrating in Sydney 2012 #illridewithyou

PM Netanyahu sent a letter of condolences to Australian PM Abbott, following the terrorist attack in Sydney yesterday

Gunman In Sydney Siege Had Troubled Past

yesterday the sydney hostage siege #illridewithyoutoday its the attack on innocent children #PeshawarAttack whats happening on this planet

good morning Sydney have a wonderful day!

Stella.starOK TOMORROW GUYS IS NATION BUY Lindt day Hashtag this instead #buylindtinsupport  SPREAD THIS AROUND! #sydney #texas

Today's FirstFT - Rouble trouble, an end to the Sydney siege and the growth of gourmet petfood. Read it in full here

Lol. Congress leader Nilesh Rane stirs controversy, advocates conversion to prevent Sydney-like incidents

i love Australia. i've had the privilege of spending time in Sydney. Amazing to see this response. #iwillridewithyou

Im coming to sydney in a few days3

Hope all the people involved in the crisis in Sydney may get through it. #SydenySiege #SydneyHostageCrisis

Yesterday it was Sydney siege now Peshawar where is this world going

Sydney Gunman Had History of Sexual Assaul

Still avoiding news.  Sydney and Pakistan. Still not reading those tweets from jerks all over

Human Resource Management and Industrial Relations at Sydney Uni

Rydges World Square Sydney 2015 Special Offer Visit us:  #rydgessydney

Sydney siege: forensic probe begins as Sydneysiders unite | The Australian

A 16-hour hostage situation in Sydney, Australia left the captor and two hostages dead, other hostages have been released.

Nilesh Rane tweets: Convert as many to Hinduism to avoid Sydney repeat  via

hostages lives,about the ordeal by the hostages, about the juridical system that failed Sydney citizens and about how many

Too much going on rn in the world. From Ferguson, to Eric Garner, Palestine, Sydney Australia. I'm sad. :(

'Gunman in Sydney hostage crisis was known to cops'

@highlight

One Gunman holds hostages inside Sydney cafe.

@highlight

Australian Prime Minister Makes Statement On On-Going Sydney Cafe Attack

@highlight

Hostage-taker in Sydney cafe siege is Iranian refugee named Sheikh Man Monis, well known preacher, who came to Sydney from Iran in the 1990s.

@highlight

Man Who Held Dozens Hostage in Sydney Suspected of 50 Sexual.

@highlight

A 16-hour hostage situation in Sydney, Australia left the captor and two hostages dead, other hostages have been released.

@highlight

Hostages 34 year old man, 38 year old woman dead as Sydney siege ends.

@highlight

U.S. Consulate General in Sydney has been evacuated as a security precaution.

