And that St Patrick bloke can fuck off as well..

Neil Patrick Harris took his shirt off last night #IamNotSaying #IamJustSaying

#News: Tunisia's main secular party open to Islamist coalition: By Patrick Markey and Tarek Amara TUNIS (R  #TU

#us Guinness pulls out of NY's St. Patrick's parade over ban on gays: By Elizabeth Barber BOSTON (Reuters) - I

GM all my #sexybunch  Have a great day. #StPatricksDay to you all

Too good not to  Marine's are lean, mean, and Green! Happy  St. Patrick's Day!

#Purim and St. Patrick's Day collide (tipsily) this year - National #Israel #News | Haaretz

Don't miss St Patrick's Day celebrations in Trafalgar Square and across London tomorrow.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! What's your favorite Irish inspired street or city in North Texas?

Happy St Patricks Day love you guys. 3

Stewart P4 in the Food City 500. Patrick P18. Kurt Busch P35. Harvick P39. Carl Edwards wins. More details to come later.

O happy st Patricks day to all the Irish folk out there

She Puts Back on Her St. Patrick's Day Pantyhose After You  #PANTYHOSE/STOCKINGS via

patrick dempsey is the patron saint of ireland

my mom thought spongebobs snail's name was squidward and her second guess was patrick I QUIT

Happy st Patricks day everyone, especially all my fellow Irish out there! Many pints of guiness will be had today I can Imagine

I hope you all have a shite St Patricks Day.

#Thanks to all our readers for their lovely St Patrick's Day tweets to the independent.ie team - we appreciate it! Enjoy yourselves!

Thanks SIDDY! I'll post some St Patricks Day pics of the dogs when i get off work! Give the pups a treat fr me! :)

Guinness withdraw's their sponsorship of the Saint Patrick's day parade - CNN report here:

Happy St Patricks day Irish peoples #kissmeyoureirish

What is st. Patrick's day all about btw?! ..tell me??!!!!!!

I was kinda expecting Patrick stump and then I saw Patrick star and then decided to send u Patrick stump

Don't forget to gather the kiddies around the tv today to watch that great St. Patrick's Day movie, Leprechaun in the Hood.

lost his virginity on St. Patricks Day don't forget that beautiful fact about his life

i don't even what it is but happy st.patricks day

Great news for lovers of the green: Irish whiskey sales are up by 17.5%. Here's one to try for St. Patrick's Day:

Boston and New York City's St. Patrick's Day Parades Are Mayor-Less:  People watch the annual St. Patr  taw #US

I'm trying to squeeze a happy holi/happy st. patrick's day in one tweet

Steak and Stout with Potatoes for St. Patrick's Day | Noshing With The Nolands

St Patrick's day is way better if you're over 18

GUESS WHO'S GOING TO BED HORNY BC PATRICK'S GROWL  THE HIP THING  HIS DEEP VOICE. YUP ME

i didnt remember st patricks day was todayhow did i forget

St Patricks day is not for black people

Good morning world.  Happy St. Patricks Day.

Looks like we're having a Snowy St. Patrick's Day here in DC

It's St Patrick's day, it's allowed :)

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!I have to pee.

Me: *freaks out bc st. patricks day and I'm not wearing green*Me: *looks down at self*Me: *realises school uniform is green*

[Sport] Danica Patrick hit Clint Bowyer on pit road exiting her pit stall  [Yahoo Sports]

i don't know about you but i'm waiting for niall to tweet about st. patrick's day

Contrary to popular belief, I like greenHappy Saint Patrick's Day!#HappyStPatricksDay

Guinness has cancelled its sponsorship of the New York City St Patrick's Day parade today:

Happy St. Patrick's day everyone, even though most of you are asleep.

Happy St Patricks Day to you Cathy #BatB

[Breaking] Guinness beer withdraws sponsorship of New York City's St. Patrick's day parade over anti-LGBT poli

FASCINATING AIDA - Cheap Flights:  via Happy St Patrick's Day!!

Night Ange, Goodluck  safe journey Happy St. Patrick's Day!!! Hope all goes well Hun xxx

Australia Day and st Patrick's day is alot more fun There is the truth.

I didn't even know tomorrow was St. Patrick's day wat

IF UR ALL AT SCHOOL HOW ARE U SUPPOSED TO GO TO THE ST PATRICKS PARADES

what about the Irish living all over the world? Did you know America has one of the biggest st Patrick's day parade?

Happy St Patrick's Day! Who's your favourite Irish actor/actress?

literally gob bless st patricks day

Going with the theme .. Happy St Patrick's Day

'Mr. Peabody' Beats 'Need for Speed' to Top Box Office During St. Patrick's Day Weekend: 'Mr. Pe  Ace Show Biz

Today I will mostly be unfollowing all those who post the worst St. Patrick's day jokes. Do your worst.Make that any.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Starting the day at for some Irish breakfast and maybe a pint or two!

Happy St Patrick's Day.Morrissey style! :)#mozarmy

El Cajon streets run green for St. Patrick's Day Half Marathon.

9 dogs  cats that partied too hard on Saint Patrick's Day:  via

How will you be spending St. Patricks day Niall? x

good morning Mary, have a great St Patricks day,  hugs xx

Happy Saint Patrick's Day - Be Safe and Have Fun #StPatricksDay #irishpride

for drivers ed today i drove downtown and there was like a festival for st patricks day going on so that was fun

Beth is now four years older than Patrick. In two years, he will be two-thirds her age. Two years ago he was h

I'm not Irish, but as I am in Dublin HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!!! :D

HAPPY ST.PATRICKS DAY I HOPE U ALL FIND CONCERT TICKETS AND UR FAVORITE BOYBAND MEMBERS DICK AT THE END OF THE RAINBOW

We did it a day early just to lay down a marker! Happy #StPatricksDay  via #LoveBelfast

This is the only way I celebrate St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all my Irish friend's and followers.

Incredibly pleased with the actions of Guiness, Sam Adams, and Heineken, all withdrawing from various St. Patricks parades because of +

Heineken also withdraws from NYC St Patrick's sponsorship in support of gay rights. is still a sponsor.

Where to find a St. Patrick's Day brunch in #Boston tomorrow!

Happy St Patrick's Day Theo! :D#DeniseTheoTo1M

Boston mayor pulls out of St Patrick's Day parade as LGBT talks fail     St Patrick anti gay?

bars closed on st. patricks day? I don't think so!

Happy St Patricks Day to everyone pretending to have some tenuous Irish connection today.

Have a great birthday Patrick xo

MT  HomoMafia forces Guinness out of St. Patrick's Day parade:

ok so my sister has a cold and she says that her special medicine is patrick stump

I wonder if St Patrick had a fridge.

#TheMentalist  for next week looks great! Would like to see Patrick Jane turned loose on some Senators and Wall Street types!

and me, and and  i blame the strangeness of the dream on the full moon, st. patricks

wait what its saint patricks day

I REALLY WANT TO STAY AFTER MONUMENTOUR BUT I BET MY MOM WONT LET ME AND WHAT IF PATRICK COMES OUT AND I MISS HIM BECAUSE OF THAT AAGGHH

how sad, although I thought Patrick was Briton?

why is there a clover next to tumblr is it st patrick's day or smth

Happy St. Patricks Day!I'm not wearing green!! If you pinch me I will hit you!  :-)

you must wear green participate in St. Patrick's Day Parade.

Now if only god had created St Patrick instead of Adam, he could have driven out the snake before it had a quiet chat with eve!

the snakes st. patrick drove out of ireland were really just pagans/non-christians so like uhhh

Did you know the first All Blacks captain was an Irishman? Here are 10 Irish influences on NZ for St Patrick's Day:

Guinness for lunch is tradition on St. Patrick's day, right? It's like I have no choice, right?

Mickey and Minnie Mouse wish you all a Happy St. Patrick's Day from Disneyland Paris

Niece  nephew went to school in D'patrick  no one was allowed to wear school uniform near it in case they were attacked

Here's another great St. Patrick's Day song

I'm not Irish but happy saint Patricks day!!!!!!!

St. Patrick's Day celebrates HATE.  Good day to get drunk.  #religiousfreedom #pagans #IrishCatholic

i can't go out and drink so why would i give a fuck about st. patricks day

Oh yeah.St Patrick's Day tomorrow

Who's ready for St. Patrick's Day tomorrow?

everyone at my school is gonna go all out for st Patricks day then there's just me lmao

@highlight

Don't miss St Patrick's Day celebrations in Trafalgar Square and across London tomorrow.

@highlight

you must wear green participate in St. Patrick's Day Parade.

@highlight

El Cajon streets run green for St. Patrick's Day Half Marathon.

@highlight

Guinness has cancelled its sponsorship of the New York City St Patrick's Day parade today

@highlight

Heineken also withdraws from NYC St Patrick's sponsorship in support of gay rights.

