Australia National Anthem (with lyrics) rip victims from Sydney hope gunman rot in hell oz will never be beat

I notice it is the police who are saving people in Sydney today. Not politicians or protestors.

just bc 5sos are from sydney doesnt mean theyre part of the hostages that are happening now smh

Watch:Simon Bouda Reports Live From #Hostage Crisis in #Sydney - Dec 15 AM ET

I'm very glad that the terrible events in Sydney are now over with most people safe.I can finally get some sleep. Love each other 3

Sydney officials discussing the #SydneySiege now. Watch live:

SO IS THE SYDNEY HOSTAGE SITUATION OVER?! IM SO FREAKING HAPPY

Arriving at the airport in Sydney, Australia. HQ photos:  #MTVStars One Direction

Australian Prime Minister Makes Statement On On-Going Sydney Cafe Attack

ABCTV : Hostages 34 year old man, 38 year old woman dead as Sydney siege ends.  Sincere sympathy to families and friends.

Sydney Hostage Crisis: #IllRideWithYou Gains Popularity As Commuters Pledge To Support Muslims  via Nathan Francis

Hostage siege ends as Police storm Sydney cafe where jihadist, murder suspect held hostages

Gathered up by over the last, G'DAI SYDNEY gets there, meaning sign off 2014 at with a winner!

Two Dead After Police Storm Sydney Cafe - Yahoo News UK  via

#WinstonSalem Police storm Sydney cafe where hostages held - Winston-Salem Journal  #ws

UPDATE: #Sydney gunman reportedly ran website accusing U.S., Australia and Britain of 'oppression and terrorism'

Sydney siege: bomb disposal robot is now going into the building

CAN SOMEONE EXPLAIN WHATS GOING ON IN SYDNEY IS EVERYONE OKAY

Man who held dozens hostage in Sydney suspected of 50 sexual assaults

BREAKING: Police say Sydney cafe hostage situation is over after more than 16 hours.

One Gunman holds hostages inside Sydney cafe.

VIDEO: Heavily armed police storm a Sydney cafe where hostages were being held:

Praying for the Sydney hostages. Looks like a few have been released/escaped.

Sydney setting examplehow to behave like a human being..by assuming innocents will hurt innocents. #illridewithyou

Sydney livestream, bangs, people being placed on stretchers

Video: France24 - Who is Man Haron Monis, the Sydney siege gunman and hostage-taker?: Heavily armed police hav

Explosions heard as hostages flee cafe in Sydney

Police: Sydney siege is over  via

Report: Police say the Sydney gunman, Man Haron Monis, was killed in the gunfire.

Gunfire and explosions have been heard as armed police stormed the Lindt cafe building in Sydney #sydneysiege

Reports: Alleged Sydney hostage taker was charged as accessory to ex-wife's murder

Is everyone in sydney ok? Did they get out?

#DailyStarLeb Police say Sydney cafe hostage situation is over after more than 16 hours: Police say Sydney caf

SOMEONE TELL ME THE UPDATE ON SYDNEY AND STUFF

Watching the Live Stream Hostage situation in Sydney. Police just stormed the Chocolate Shop. Some hostages have

Oh god , thanks for helping to save hostages in sydney #sydneysiege

3Novices:Sydney Siege: Hostage Taker is Iranian Refugee Man Haron Monis, Say Police Source An Iranian refugee convicted of sexual assault

Man Who Held Dozens Hostage in Sydney Suspected of 50 Sexual Assaults: Police in Sydney, Australia have stor

BREAKING: Sydney cafe siege: at least five more hostages have either escaped or been released live

#Video Archive: Sydney siege gunman Man Haron Monis in 2009 protest: Sheikh Man Haron Monis, who held dozens o

x Source: Hostage-taker in Australia identified: The man who has held hostages in a Sydney cafe for nearly 1  x

Australian Jews Increase Security After Sydney Siege  #EMM

Praying for Sydney hostages, hopefully they will all get out safely and go back to their loving families and friends

Hostage-taker in Sydney cafe siege is Iranian refugee named Haron Monis

Police storm hostage situation in Sydney: Police storm hostage situation in Sydney  (cbs)

There's currently a terrorist attack happening in Sydney??

5sos can't do anything about what happened in their country and won't fly to Sydney to try to fix it. They can tweet about it but didn't

The hostage crisis in Sydney is over. Vishwakant Ankit Reddy is safe. He is undergoing some medical check ups and will be back home safe.

The individual discussed as possible suspect in Sydney has extensive record of physical and sexual violence against women.

50 charges of sexual assault against Sydney hostage-taker

Pakistan News Sydney siege: Anticipating backlash, Australians start #illridewithyou campaign to support Muslims

Sydney siege: Kiwi sees hostages on knees as gunman begins siege: A New Zealander who saw the Sydney sie  (NZH)

The hostage-taker in Sydney is out on bail on 47 sexual offenses charges.

Live ! Police storm Lindt Cafe in Sydney, Australia.

BREAKING: Police says siege at #Sydney cafe is over and hostages have been released.

a sixth hostage has escaped from the Lindt cafe in Sydney

#Police storm cafe, end #Sydney #hostage siege after 16 hours - Dec 15 PM ET

Police surround cafe. A major police operation was under way Monday morning in Sydney.

Sad news coming re: #Sydney from U.S. news outlets that there may have been 2 fatalities at #LindtCafe

I'm hoping everybody is safe in Sydney.

I am defiantly praying for those who are effected by the issue in Sydney, I hope everyone will be okay and this situation is cleared up -T

BREAKING: Police have entered Sydney cafe as loud bangs, flashes seen on live stream. #sydneysiege

Siege in Sydney has now been going on for 13 hours.

Watch the moment gunfire and explosions were heard inside the Lindt cafe in Sydney. #sydneysiege

Star light, star brightsomewhere you shinetonight, please carry loveand light to Sydney, andkeep their people safe.

Sydney Siege gunman motivated by Australia's involvement in Afghanistan.  apology?

Local media: Gunman and hostage killed in Sydney siege  via

Twitter list with all police, fire, ambulance twitter feeds for Sydney can be found here:

the siege in the cafe in Sydney is over im so relieved no one was killed thank god

Sydney Siege: Five Other Hostages Escape Hate-Letters Sheik: Sydney Siege: Five Other Hostages Escape Hate-Let

The Sydney siege is over. Number of injured is unclear.

Uber Had the Worst Possible Response to Sydney's Hostage Crisis by  via

Police don't know gunman's motivation.

Sydney cafe gunman on bail for alleged violent offences  via

At Least 2 People Appear to Be Injured in #Sydney #Hostage Situation as #Police Swarm In - Dec 15 AM ET

I'm so devastated by what's happened in Sydney

Very happy the Sydney situation is over but why was this guy even out on the streets

Gunfire erupts in Sydney hostage crisis; suspect identified  #Wikileaks #Y

Sorry governor, they Sydney Police are saying This guy is a wacko; BUT NOT part of ISIS.

UPDATE: Hostages fleeing #Sydney cafe held by Iranian gunman as explosions, gunshots are heard:

JUST IN: Gunman, 2 others dead following Sydney cafe hostage siege, source tells -

Martin Place cafe siege over as gunman killed - report: POLICE have stormed a Sydney cafe where an Iranian sel

just because 5sos aren't tweeting about the sydney seige doesn't mean that they're not aware whats going on

How did the Aussies manage to end that standoff without setting the whole city of Sydney on fire??

MT The man believed to be holding hostages in #Sydney is Man Haron Monis, known as Sheikh Haron, source says

and please tell us when are u releasing the book Sydney a RSS conspiracy

UPDATES: Gunman Holding Hostages in Sydney Demands ISIS Flag

3Novices:Infosys Employee Amongst the Hostages Freed From Sydney Cafe  Viswakanth Ankireddy, the Infosys employee

#SydneySiege hostage-taker ID'd as man accused of sexual assaults, linked to murder of ex-wife

#sydneysiege#God please help people in sydney that taken as hostages .

With his rap sheet, why was #ManMonis on bail and allowed out on the streets?#SyndeySiege #Sydney #MartinPlace

#Newser Police: Sydney Siege 'Is Over': More than 16 hours into the hostage situation in Sydney, a dramatic sc

Sydney Siege: Police say 3 people dead and 4 wounded and media reporting one hostage was shot dead by the hostage-taker before being killed

Owed QUADRILLIONS of $s to stop our economic collapse!  #GoldOutofHiding   #SomethingBigIsHappening #Sydney

Hostage-taker named as well known preacher, Sheikh Man Monis, who came to Sydney from Iran in the 1990s. #sydneysiege

Several stretchers taken from Sydney cafe after police storm building -

As US media obsesses over Sydney, at least 5 ppl were killed in Pennsylvania shootings  But no flags involved, so

News on all channels is still covering Sydney. I give up the news media in the USA these days. NRA must be thrilled. 6 Dead PA #NOBIGDEAL

Beautiful: Sydney stands up to racism  bigotry with one hashtag: #illridewithyou (Via

I read an article on what's going on in Sydney and my heart just dropped to the floor.

LIVE: Suspected Islamic Militant Holding Hostages in Sydney Siege Is Named  via

Big explosion in Sydney. Bigger explosion in my bog after last nights ruby. #fire

#Australia Police storm #Sydney cafe ending 16-hour hostage crisis - 2 reportedly killed - Jerusalem Post

DEVELOPING: Police appear to storm cafe in Sydney where hostages have been held Live:

BREAKING: Police say 3 people are dead, including the gunman, in Sydney hostage crisis.

Looking at the Sydney gunman's tweets it's clear he's a deranged lunatic, just like the other followers of Islamic State

UPDATE: Police say there are fatalities after raid ends #Sydney hostage situation

@highlight

One Gunman holds hostages inside Sydney cafe.

@highlight

Police don't know gunman's motivation.

@highlight

Australian Prime Minister Makes Statement On On-Going Sydney Cafe Attack

@highlight

Hostage-taker in Sydney cafe siege is Iranian refugee named Sheikh Man Monis, well known preacher, who came to Sydney from Iran in the 1990s.

@highlight

Police says Sydney cafe hostage situation is over after more than 16 hours and hostages have been released.

@highlight

Man Who Held Dozens Hostage in Sydney Suspected of 50 Sexual.

@highlight

2 Hostages dead, 4 wounde in Sydney siege.

@highlight

Hostages 34 year old man, 38 year old woman dead as Sydney siege ends.

