Flag held by Sydney hostage often used by Jabhat Al-Nusra  other armed Islamist groups, but not ISIS, expert says

First of Christmas season ISIS attacks unfolding in Sydney?  My video from this week -

We all know a slut named Sydney

And for the record, before I tweeted an opinion about tiny houses, I had no idea there was something going on in Sydney.

Anyone taking selfies at the siege in Sydney, give yourself an uppercut dickhead

Staff held hostage in Sydney cafe

#Newser Hostages Held in Sydney Chocolate Shop: An apparent hostage situation was unfolding inside a chocolate

My thoughts with the good people of Sydney.  We live in a crazed world.

Em, it's always a privilege.  Warm wishes for the week ahead from Sydney.

Hostages Are Held Inside Cafe in Sydney, Australia  [Sale  ] #news

I'm hoping for the very best for Sydney right now, it must be terrifying, so I hope everyone will be alright

Breaking: Sydney On Lockdown as Dramatic Siege Unfolds  via 13 being held, hostage takers unknown.

Five hostages flee Sydney cafe as siege continues  #UPI

#Newsmax_Media Hostages Held at Sydney Cafe, Opera House Evacuated: Australia's Sydney Opera House was evacuat

via Five people fled a cafe in central Sydney where an armed individual was holding a  #UFO4UBlogWorld

How the Sydney hostage crisis is unfolding, in real time

Shocking scenes in Sydney, hope everything will be okay.

I was taken to court for pulling down a black flag of jihad in London  Same flag as Sydney

Muzzies holding hostages in Sydney, where are the snipers, shoot the fucks..this is Australia don't let them in

Footage of Hostages Escaping from Sydney Siege at Martin Place Cafe:  via

BREAKING: Live tweets Sydney: hostages holding up an Islamic flag in the window of shop.

#dw_english Media: Gunmen take hostages in Sydney cafe: Australian media have reported that hostages are being

Gunman holds hostages inside Sydney cafe

5 people so far have fled Sydney cafe. Unknown number of hostages still inside.  #sydneysiege

BREAKING: Roads closed around #MartinPlace in central Sydney amid possible hostage situation.

God bless all the hostages being held in Sydney today .. I pray that this all ends well and nobody gets hurt !!

Hearing about the hostage situation in Sydney, I hope everything calms soon, and no one is harmed

One of the alleged terrorists behind the Martin Place siege. #lindt #martinplace #isis #sydneysiege

MT *le deep sigh* What is happening in Sydney is NOT Islam has not basis in the faith of 1.6 billion Muslims around the world

Was watching the live feed from Sydney when this review made me laugh. via /r/funny

President Obama briefed about hostage situation in Sydney, White House says -

I believe Twitter hs reported tht Sydney authorities say report of 6th escapee is unsubstantiated.

Sydney cafe siege: Live stream from of the siege situation unfolding in Martin Place -

Hostage situation ongoing in Sydney business district.LIVE: UPDATES:

Poor young women in Sydney hostage situation.went to work as usual, now being terrorised by some violent man with a gun.praying for them

Sydney Siege: Mike Baird NSW MP - I wish he put half a thought into his tweet via /r/funny

Possible ISIS attack in Sydney and Halperin attacks Cheney. I can't parody these people.

Its 2 pm in Sydney Australia now and Islamic Jihad Killers are holdibg up to 50 innocent people inside a chocolate shop.Timing ? Democrats.

BREAKING: As many as 13 hostages being held at cafe in Sydney, #Australia

some early reports that antiterror operation earlier today linked to current hostage siege #sydneysiege

BREAKING: 2 more people seen fleeing Sydney building at center of hostage drama, bringing total of those who escaped to 5.

What a scary, scary situation going on in #Sydney #Australia right now. I truly hope that no one is hurt or even worse killed. #SydneySiege

via Breaking: Major Hostage Situation In Sydney, 13 Thought Held By Islamist Terrorists,  #tcot

Hostages held in 'shocking' Sydney cafe siege

UPDATE: Reports food is being taken to the back of the Lindt building in the midst of Sydney Siege, reports.

Gunman takes hostages in cafe in Martin Place, Sydney, Australia

U.S. consulate Sydney evacuated; warden system in effect as hostage crisis unfolds in nearby chocolate shop

Hostage situation reportedly unfolding in Sydney chocolate shop |

Lindt cafe at Martins Place, central Sydney, is about 2-300 meters from the parliament building, report local TV news.

The incident in Sydney is disturbing. Such acts are inhuman  deeply unfortunate. I pray for everyone's safety: PM

Plea to media - do not tweet tactical information about police positions in Sydney siege

There is information that an Indian IT professional is among hostages in Sydney: Union Minister Venkaiah Naidu

#SydneySiege: #Gunman holds up #Sydney cafe, takes hostages - Dec 15 AM ET

[INTERNACIONAL] #sydney  Suspected terrorists holding as many as 12 to 20 hostages in Sydney financial district cafe:

Police surround cafe - A major police operation was under way Monday morning in Sydney. CNN affiliate Seven Networ

Legit so scared for SYDNEY please please be safe

Any statements from the green Turds or labor on Sydney seeing there the ones that flooded our country with this decease.

Oh my days. What's happening in Sydney. This is bad.

Prayers go out to the victims of the current hostage situation in Sydney Australia. May a swift and sudden end come to this terrible event.

Whoa. Tough situation in Sydney Australia

Breaking News: U.S. consulate says has evacuated staff from building near Sydney cafe where hostages held

SYDNEY AIRSPACE CLOSED / OPERA HOUSE EVACUATED

R Uber intros surge pricing in downtown Sydney during hostage siege

thoughts and prayers with everyone in Sydney right now that's insane

SWAT Surround Islamic Terrorists Who Have 20 Hostages Inside Sydney Cafe- Live Feed!

Sydney cafe siege: Two gunmen and up to a dozen hostages inside the cafe under siege in Martin Place, Sydney. ISIS flags remain in display.

Just Awfull whats happening in Sydney Sending Love hope people will be safe #sydneysiege xxx

If the black flag seems familiar,it's because it was also flying during Gaza protests in Sydney that went unnoticed.

Breaking: Major Hostage Situation In Sydney, Possibly 20 Held, Islamist Connection, Major Landmarks Evacuated

China News- Gunmen hold hostages in Sydney

Hostages held inside Sydney cafe, forced to hold Islamic flag - Hindustan Times  #SydneySeige

Through the windows of the 7News Sydney newsroom, is a picture of the alleged gunman behind the Martin Place siege.

The Sydney Harbour Bridge is NOT closed. There was an accident on the Cahill Expressway, unrelated to the #SydneySiege.

'Islamists' take 20 hostages in Sydney cafe siege: live  [Sale  ] #news

Remember when Fox and Sydney came on tour with us? Watch their furry adventures in #askBTR here:

me2 sweetie..awful ppl in this world..hope it ends quick  everyone is safe..hugs  3 to lovely ppl in Sydney..

Assailants wielding 'black flag with Arabic writing' hold up Sydney cafe

have a great trip! avoid Sydney CBD!

NOW ON #CNN -- Radio host who spoke with the Sydney hostage taker describes their conversation

my friend had family there. Very tense scary situation in Sydney! Horrible.

Statement from Prime Minister Tony Abbott on hostage situation in Sydney, Australia

Oh Sydney. My heart hurts.

Another round with ISIS wannabes Down Under? Sydney police respond to hostage situation in cafe.

#breaking #news Prime Minister Tony Abbott on Sydney hostage situation: 'We don't know if this is politically moti

Sydney siege ongoing; PM says unclear if politically motivated. Our latest update  #sydneysiege

Live stream from ISIS HOSTAGE situation unfold SYDNEY CBD. #BREAKING  #SisterPatriots   #WAAR  #VETERANS

Police arrest suspect over alleged terrorism offences in Sydney raid  via

I have to say the sydney cops seem like real pros. calm, in control.

omg,, i'm praying for Sydney rn

Can't quite believe what's going on in Sydney.. please, guys, stay away from Martin Place and be safe!!!

President Barack Obama briefed on hostage situation in Sydney, Australia, White House official says:

#IsraelNewsStory Islamists Attack a Cafe in Sydney, Australia: More than a dozen hostages held inside a cafe i

13 hostages are being held in a Sydney store by apparent jihadist supporters

Several people being held hostage at a Sydney cafe. Australian tv showing people with  hands up against a window:

Police negotiators have contacted hostage taker in Sydney cafe, police official says.  #sydneysiege

Hostages in a chocolate shop, terrible situation in Sydney! This is getting out of hand!

Poroshenko arrives in Sydney, 76 Russian gravesite desecrated. Was that necessary? or just coincidence perhaps?

FIGURES!:  As jihadis took hostages in Sydney cafe, police were doing outreach at mosque

If the terrorist standoff in Sydney happened in the US, the government would just write it off as a gun-toting maniac. #sydneysiege

LIVE: 'Islamists' take 20 hostages in Sydney cafe siege  #sydneysiege

@highlight

One Gunman holds hostages inside Sydney cafe.

@highlight

5 people so far have fled Sydney cafe. Unknown number of hostages still inside.

@highlight

Police surround cafe. A major police operation was under way Monday morning in Sydney.

