If you're coming to tonight's show in Sydney Please bring a 'We Love Mill' sign. Thank you for your cooperation.

Really sad the Sydney siege wasn't able to end peacefully and pretty anxious about what it's going to do to racial discourse in the country.

nice words but something has to change given this did occur and shut down a lot of Sydney

#NEW | The boys being interviewed in Sydney - 26.11.2014 (16-18) #MTVSTARS One Direction

A 16-hour siege in Sydney ended early Tuesday after two hostages and their armed captor were killed

Second innocent victim of Sydney hostage siege named as 'hero' cafe manager Tori Johnson

Man Who Held Dozens Hostage in Sydney Suspected of 50 Sexual.

Sydney hostage taker was an extremist preacher. In a mosque. BUT HEY, Holder says mosques are off limits.

Is the Hostage Situation in Sydney a False Flag Operation? | The Daily Sheeple  via

#SeeingSydney Picture a clear day, having coffee, anywhere USA  #Sydney happens. Speak up now. We have NO President.

Video: AP  - Police: Gunman, 2 Hostages Dead in Sydney Cafe: Sydney police say three people have died, includi

my heart goes out to the people caught in the sydney hold up situation.whatever men are doing,God is watching. #praying

Heroic Sydney cafe manager, 34, shot dead as he grabbed terrorist's gun to protect hostages

RIP to the 2 hostages who lost their lives this morning. Can't fathom how something like this could happen in Sydney. Praying 4 the families

What happened in Sydney im confused

yeah why would I or Australia be having a great day waking up the news in Sydney

Dramatic end to #Sydney #hostage crisis - Dec 15 PM ET

Sydney proves yet again there's no such thing as a lone wolf. It's about terrorist wolf packs. #sydneysiege #SydneyHostageCrisis

Sydney siege gunman was known to Australian authorities:   (LAT)

Martin Place siege: #illridewithyou hashtag goes viral #Auspol #SydneySiege unites us

Sydney siege sparks quot;I#039;ll ride with youquot; campaign for worried Muslims

The events that have happened in my hometown - Sydney, Australia. Both shocking  and tragic. Prayers for all.

Hostages 34 year old man, 38 year old woman dead as Sydney siege ends.

Katrina Dawson died trying to protect a pregnant friend. #sydney

Can someone point me to the horrible Islamophobic incident resulting in injury or loss of life in Sydney that necessitates #illridewithyou?

Islamist piece of shit and 2 hostages dead in Sydney siege

If someone was carrying in that cafe in Sydney, there would've been a different outcome. #tcot

Very sad to hear that two innocent people lost their lives in Sydney. A time to love, and grieve, and embrace what we hold dear. X

Photo: A woman blows a kiss after giving a floral tribute for those who died in the Sydney cafe siege

Sydney-like attacks greatest #fear, US officials say - Dec 15 PM ET

Some media house has branded the Sydney shooter as Sydney Ka Sanki.

Was #Sydney hostage-taker inspired by #ISIS - Dec 15 PM ET

Police says Sydney cafe hostage situation is over after more than 16 hours and hostages have been released.

I'm surprised it took the Sydney hostage siege to take presstitute's attention from the #HandsUpDontShoot myth. #Ferguson

show thiss!! Shout out to Sydney and do you ship Leoney?

Sydney terrorists have nothing to do with Islam. Now, can someone please translate this flag they're using?  #Auspol

Police don't know gunman's motivation.

Australian police say no explosive devices found in Sydney cafe siege.

Some in Sydney, media especially, are carrying on as if the city has been destroyed like #CycloneTracy It's terrible but get a grip people.

Thanks for your wisdom. Always helps to know I'm not alone. Regarding Sydney, if you haven't seen it, you'll like #illridewithyou

Fmr. #Navy SEAL speaks about #Sydney attack - Dec 15 PM ET

SYDNEY AND HER 3 NEW BABIES - AN HOUR OLD - FIRM OFFER OF RESCUE FROM CAT ADOPTI: SYDNEY AND HER 3 NEW BABI

A sad day for sydney. Rest In Paradise to the hostages that lost their lives this morning :( what's this world coming to #illridewithyou

Sydney cafe attack: Portrait emerges of gunman Man Haron Monis: One day after a gunman took 17 people ho  (Fox)

this blows. Hooe the ruling party launches a 'Sydney Siege, Aborigines Ki Sazish'

Hostage-taker in Sydney cafe siege is Iranian refugee named Sheikh Man Monis, well known preacher, who came to Sydney from Iran in the 1990s.

*Zaid hops on next plane to Sydney, stands outside airport looking alone and afraid*

Sydney will be darling of global celebrity set

2 Hostages dead, 4 wounde in Sydney siege.

We're on the other side of the country, but first thing son asked this morn was about what was happening in Sydney. Sad outcome.

OH FUCK I MEAN THEY DONT LIVE IN THE CITY PART BUT STILL  I MEAN THEYRE LIVES ARENT THE ONLY LIVES IN SYDNEY BUT GEEZ

A 16-hour hostage situation in Sydney, Australia left the captor and two hostages dead

How Australian newspapers covered the 16-hour Sydney siege

Praying for the people who lost their family and friends in the CBD siege in Sydney. Stay strong #illridewithyou for unity and strength

1 of 2 hostages slain in #AustraliaSiege was Katrina Dawson, Sydney lawyer and mother of 3, according to New South Wales Bar Association.

Sydney siege ends; 3 dead, including gunman: The deadly siege began in the most incongruous of ways, on a sunn

As the Sydney Siege Comes to an End, Hundreds of Thousands of Tweets Show Solidarity with

Abut Sydney gunman:2008 request for feds to investigate him: 2/2

Charging surge prices during Sydney's hostage crisis reminded us that Uber cares more about profits than people

#Sydney brunch very different today. Hug those you love folks. Life is precious. #StrangeFoodTweet sad

Sydney siege: Anti-terrorist law in NZ 100% justified, says MP  via

A look at the man believed to be behind the hostage crisis that took place in Sydney

Watch the moment police storm Sydney cafe where gunman was holding hostages

#Gunman, two others #dead in #Sydney siege, #police say - Dec 15 PM ET

People that are barking out orders about how liberals should respond to what happened in Sydney. They're annoying.

toptrends: the first 2 are all serious and about the horrifying events in Sydney and then there's just 5SOS chilling with their twitcam LOL

Police: Gunman, 2 Hostages Dead in Sydney Cafe  [Sale  ] #video

Sydney just showed the world Humanity is OUR job. #illridewithyou

Remembering the victims killed in Sydney hostage crisis  [Sale  ] #video

Police in Sydney: 3 dead in raid to free captives held by Iranian-born gunman  [Sale  ] #news

Really ? Get your judiciary here in Sydney to get cracking on about serious bail laws overhaul.

Armed Police Storm Sydney Cafe:

Summary of media's coverage of siege in Sydney (on repeat) via /r/funny

Hostages in Sydney were forced to make a propaganda video - totally against the Geneva Convention from which terrorists seem exempted.

Sydney siege ends: Gunman Man Haron Monis' 'violent history' - Sunrise  via

I was briefed overnight on the siege in Sydney. It's deeply concerning and my thoughts are with all those caught up in it.

Sydney siege: Hostages escaped when gunman Man Haron Monis 'let his guard down': A group of hostages he  (Indp)

The Sydney terrorist was out on bail or something for his wife's murder last year. She was stabbed  set on fire. Bad guy.

Barely got any sleep just thinking about everything that happened in Sydney .

Google News UK: How the Sydney siege unfolded - BBC News: BBC NewsHow the Sydney siege unfoldedBBC N  #News #UK

Sydney attack means we'll be seeing more attacks in the EU and the West! We must do something!

LIVE - Sydney hostage crisis: Suspect cloaked his actions with symbolism of ISIS death cult, says Aus PM Abbott

Yar Kia Kia Hogaya Aaj Lahore MeinAur Mein Sydney Mein Laga RahaAmbulance + Sana Mirza + This!!!

in hot water for raising fares while people tried to flee gunman in Sydney:

Thousands of flowers at Martin place Sydney lovely to see sad day may the victims r.i.p n thoughts those recovering today

The Sydney situation ended with a fatality. Hostage scenarios the world over seem to end this way now.

MT Muslims protested in Sydney about a movie, why aren't they protesting about ISIL?  #Auspol #Politas

Australian Prime Minister Makes Statement On On-Going Sydney Cafe Attack

One Gunman holds hostages inside Sydney cafe.

What does one say about Indian dailies that cover Sydney's lone-wolf attack more extensively than recent terror killing of 11 Indian troops?

pls spread the news about what happened In Sydney the background ext   pls enlighten world

Sydney cafe siege probe begins: Australian police begin an investigation into the deaths of three people  (bbc)

Uber criticized for surge pricing during Sydney siege:

Sydney Hostage Siege Ends With Captor and 2 Captives Dead: See on Scoop.it - News You Can Use - NO PINKSLIMETh

Modern Logic: Muslims slaughter Muslims. Muslim terror hits #sydney Solution? Western powers throw #Israel to the dogs

mutuals who live in or near sydney, be safe.

#Police End #Sydney #Hostage Siege After 16 Hours; #Gunman #Killed - Dec 15 PM ET

Why was Sydney siege gunman on bail?  #Wikileaks #Y

#Sydney #Hostage Crisis Ends After #Police #Raid Cafe - Dec 15 PM ET

yep like today's distraction in Sydney

RAW: The moment police storm #Sydney hostage site using live rounds  grenades  the shock and awe approach

#illridewithyou takes off on social media after the Sydney hostage siege:

The suspects in both Sydney and Pennsylvania are alleged to be involved in their ex-wives' deaths. Can we talk about gender violence now?

Australian police say gunman among three killed in cafe siege

Pres. Obama has offered assistance to Australia following #Sydney attack. reports on

Are we trending Hulu #SaveSelfie #SeasonSeason2 in three hours? These timezones are confusing me because I'm from Sydney #Heliza #SelfieABC

Prayers to those in Australia  in Sydney after yesterday's events. #illridewithyou #PrayForSydney #PrayForAustralia #AustraliaStrong

Our thoughts are with everyone in Sydney. Take care when travelling and let's look after one another #illridewithyou

@highlight

One Gunman holds hostages inside Sydney cafe.

@highlight

Australian Prime Minister Makes Statement On On-Going Sydney Cafe Attack

@highlight

Hostage-taker in Sydney cafe siege is Iranian refugee named Sheikh Man Monis, well known preacher, who came to Sydney from Iran in the 1990s.

@highlight

Man Who Held Dozens Hostage in Sydney Suspected of 50 Sexual.

@highlight

A 16-hour hostage situation in Sydney, Australia left the captor and two hostages dead, other hostages have been released.

@highlight

Hostages 34 year old man, 38 year old woman dead as Sydney siege ends.

