Hope Y'all have had a great St Pats Day!!! Shamrocks to ya all!! Xo #pinterest #StPatricksDay

Seeded Sourdough Soda Bread  from KAF: Want to make Irish Soda Bread for St. Patrick's Day but wanted to  #food

A Nashville police judge named Killian, became so full of joy on St. Patrick's day that he ordered the release of all city prisoners. OK1913

If he goes back to Liz I will puke!!! She's already sniffin out Patrick ..n if Jason comes back.we'll we all know!!!

Boston's mayor, New York's mayor skip St. Patrick's Day parade over gay rights - World - CBC News

No more St. Paddy's day parades for me--Guinness Caves to Gay Pressure, Drops St. Patrick's Day Parade Sponsorship

I just downed a shot called Dick In My Butt if you're wondering how my Patrick's Day is kicking off.

To celebrate St Patrick's Day, I ordered a Guinness and a chaser. Spent the rest of the night buying drinks for a smartarse in a white suit.

pAtrick suNG WITH HIS ACOUSTIC AND no mic AND I DIED HE S SO ADORABBLE ANF

This is my cousin. Seriously. He's doing St Patrick's day right.

St. Patrick's Day! U get 2 b Irish 4 a day while I'm half Irish everyday #HappyStPatricksDay

For the late night crowd: Happy St. Patrick's Day, Thor style:

All I want for St.Patrick's day is 1500 Followers :) Rt Please :)

PATRICKS BECOME SO MUCH MORE CONFIDENT AND HAPPY BEFORE HIATUS

Spectators To Line Fifth Avenue For NYC's St. Patrick's Day Parade Amid Tension.

St. Patricks Day is every UCF students favorite holiday. The one day they all get to dress up like USF Bulls.

Happy St Patrick's Day!!!  N I hope ur enjoying it.with no panties under that skirt LOL

Happy Corned Beef Day other wise known a St. Patrick's Day!! Are you having corned beef today?

This is how I will be celebrating St. Patrick's Day this evening after the kiddos are in bed ;) Green Mint

Fulham's Patrick Roberts - One to Watch

how did you celebrated St. Patrick's Day?

Even St Patrick couldn't rid us the two most slimey snakes in the country.    Enda and Eamon.

Guinness has cancelled its sponsorship of the New York City St Patrick's Day parade today

St Patricks Day 2011 - Riverdance Flashmob (Central Station, Sydney, Australia) - YouTube

Dan Patrick had 2400 votes in round one, something is wrong here

Tyler Oakley lost his virginity on St. Patrick's Day

Rupert Murdoch is pissed that Guinness rescinded their advertising of the Patrick's Day Parade. That's the free market you love so much.

did you wear green today for St Patricks day?

#SM Mid-Atlantic Has a White St. Patrick's Day (Video): Instead of wearing green for St. Patrick's Day, the Mi

Rock #Hill #Police make two #marijuana busts on St. Patricks #Day - Mar 18 PM ET

Rambunctious Corgi Puppies Celebrate St. Patrick's Day [video]  via

so who is lighting 2 HUGE joints 4(20) st. patrick's day?#weridtwiter

On the last leg of St. Patrick's Day I confess: I have a green chamber in my heart. It is powering (So come on, don't pinch me.)

#thejournal_ie Happy St. Patrick's Day from the CN Tower Toronto! #globalgreening

Patrick Roy coaches his 1st NHL game on his old stomping grounds when the visit the Preview:

HAPPY SAINT PATRICKS DAY! LA FEILE PADRAIG SHONA. (Im pretty sure thats happy st patricks day in irish)

Smokin that green on St. Patricks Day with my boy

yes you are, it's saint Patricks day ;) *pinch*

Seriously #WWE, if you're going to force stale Sheamus on me tonight, you can at least let Finlay get a cameo during #Raw on St Patricks Day

so glad I could! Happy St. Patricks Day to you too!!

Heineken also withdraws from NYC St Patrick's sponsorship in support of gay rights.

St. Patrick's Day parade Monday in Savannah, Ga. Stephen B. Morton/AP (More photos:

Danica Patrick Makes Nascar History at Daytona 500 Joy Collins - 'Thing or Two'

My Touching St. Patrick's Day Tale and Tribute

Wonder if half the ppl here realize Patrick was actually Roman.

patrick stump was still cute when he was chubby but now hes a sexpot

We ranked Irish beers, just in time for St. Patrick's Day; avoid Guinness Black Lager and you're fine

Continuing my St. Patrick's Day tradition: going to an Irish bar dressed like a belligerent Redcoat.

PHOTOS: The best of the #Dogtown St. Patrick's Day Parade.  #stl

Curried vegetables over rice noodles for St. Patrick's Day. And you?

Either twitter is dead because it's Monday or a large portion of users are blacked out, or knocked out as a result of St. Patrick.

AND AGAIN- HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!!!!  Irish Dance Group - Irish Step Dancing (Riverdance) 2009:  via

I've gotta run off to the gym now. Happy St. Patrick's Day, all!  #KidneyChat

HAPPY ST PATRICKS DAY! We are celebrating the release of #TheArtOfCelebration with a bit of #TheArtOfShindigary!

Love in her green get up for St Patrick's Day ! She is a great asset to ! is great in his green lights

AND PETE TOOK A SELFIE WITH PATRICK AND PATRICK KEPT JUMPING OFF THIS RAMP THING IT WAS SO HOT

$2 DRAFT GREEN BEER - UV PAINT PARTY - HOLLYWOOD HYPE  DOW JONES - $10 ADVANCE TICKETS AVAILABLE - ARRIVE EARLY!! PAINT PATRICK'S DAY!

I dont even like beer like that, on the strength of human rights ( gay rights ) i support guiness for pullin out of st patricks day parade

One of my delegates made us all St Patrick's Day cupcakes With Bailey's icing. #yumsickle

DPS: Happy St Patrick's Day or something.:

Headin home! Have a Happy St. Patrick's Day and be safe out there!

St Patrick's Night would be a good time to publish a rambling 1,500 word blog on recent Irish history, right?

Everyone's Irish on St. Patrick's Day! Everyone pretend you're a citizen of an Anglophone liberal democracy integrated into a global economy

HarmonForSenate: A brief campaign break to watch daughter Irish dance at Molly Malone's. Happy St. Patrick's

if I was on The Voice I'd force the coaches to have guest appearance by Fall Out Boy and I bet u $300 I'd try and kiss patrick stump

St. Patrick is the patron saint of arbitrary excuses to drink before noon.

Should Ford have skipped yesterday's St. Patrick's Day Parade, too?

you seriously forgot St. Patrick's Day didn't you see everyone wearing green?

#FlashBack: LAMBOGINNY FT OLAMIDE - GBALADUN (DIRECTED PATRICK ELIS)

Me in a shamrock garland with an explosion behind me. Happy St. Patrick's Day, everyone!

made me the most delicious fleishig shepherds pie in honor of St. Patrick's day. #America

A six-pack of environmentally green beer for St. Patrick's Day - New York NY |

Cocaine so white it gets drunk on st Patrick's day

Next year LAD will be celebrating St. Patrick's day in Montserrat. said he would treat us after we help get him elected

Gays are OK in Dublin St. Patrick's Day parade, but not so much in Boston, New York #MassLive

Happy Patrick's Day from Richard Harris, via

St. Patrick's Day, I feel, is mostly  a holiday for college students. And people who really like tacky green stuff, too.

Hope you've all had a fun and safe St Patrick's Day!I'm just starting to get my drink on now after pounding them back until 8 am yesterday

St Patricks Day: Amscan International Decoration String Shamrocks: This set of 6 hanging decorations with shamrock mo

happy St Patrick's day u fuck 3

my girl and I are celebrating St. Patrick's Day by working on the computer together..shocking I know lol

Special St Patrick's day episode!

I'm not as high on scarlett as others. Would rather have patrick fraiser and mccloud

The most romantic way to celebrate St. Patrick's Day? Dumpster Sex (NSFW)  via

Roasted asparagus on St. Patrick's Day!

Wow !!! Your new Tee is so great !!! Happy St Patricks Day Dj !!! Enjoy ! Have fun ! Safe travels ;) 3

St. PATRICK'S Day: 17 Appropriately-Named Stars We Adore -  What could bring a Grey's Anatomy star together with a

Debbie gave us spongebob crabby patties in celebration of st. patricks day omg she's so cute

Thank you for following, Happy St.Patrick's Day!

Nicanor - Belle of Claxton BIG filly, born yesterday on St. Patrick's Day at Shamrock Farm. Just a precious photo!

No ones excluding Protestants but fact is St Patricks Day is an celebration of Irish culture, not British.

And that's a good thing!! Happy St. Patrick's, Susie!

El Cajon streets run green for St. Patrick's Day Half Marathon.

in the name of saint Patricks day favorite this tweet

Paddy McGuigan who wrote Men behind the Wire,Boys of the Old Brigade,Irish Soldier Laddie,Freedom Walk etc died y'day on St Patricks Day RIP

Shaky video of Amazing Grace with a cameo by Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Only the Joan Clayton's of the world celebrate St. Patricks Day.

Thanks for your courageous stands on St. Patrick's Day. No place for intolerance  bigotry.

Survived another St. Patrick's Day, if for any remote reason,or probable, I did something half crazy .. the green beer made me do it.#true

College kids on St Patricks Day be like

You and Candance rocked!! Happy St Patrick's Day!! Love ya!!

you must wear green participate in St. Patrick's Day Parade.

Special St Patricks Day shoutout 2 my favorite Irish boy in green :-) He makes me proud 2 b part Irish

niall spent st patricks day with theo my heart is hurting a lot

St. Patrick's Day may be winding down, but we want to know what makes you #LuckyInColorado! Tweet us the reasons and/or photos!

@highlight

you must wear green participate in St. Patrick's Day Parade.

@highlight

El Cajon streets run green for St. Patrick's Day Half Marathon.

@highlight

Guinness has cancelled its sponsorship of the New York City St Patrick's Day parade today

@highlight

Heineken also withdraws from NYC St Patrick's sponsorship in support of gay rights.

@highlight

Spectators To Line Fifth Avenue For NYC's St. Patrick's Day Parade Amid Tension.

@highlight

Boston's mayor, New York's mayor skip St. Patrick's Day parade over gay rights

