Happy St. Patrick's day! Pinch me and I'll punch you.

We would like to wish everyone a happy #StPatricksDay! Wear green and have an awesome day!

CBN TV - The True Story of St. Patrick  via#tcot #ccot #tlot

great Andy!!!! #accent #heaven Happy st Patrick's day chum.x

Saint Patrick was playing for Ireland. Sorry Zimbabwe Sport: Ireland squeeze to Zimbabwe win

Are we sure Saint Patrick didn't drive livers out of Ireland?

You'll love post on best/fastest St. Paddy's parade in Ireland: Sligo to Grange at 60 mph

Good Morning sweets. Happy St. Patrick's Day! :)

St. Patricks day: The day that all white people magically become Irish.

St. Patrick's Day is a drinking game in itself.

Even on St. Patricks Day the president still refuses to laugh at my jokes.

Oh dear, so St Patrick's Day in NYC is just SantaCon but in green.

Don't miss St Patrick's Day celebrations in Trafalgar Square and across London tomorrow.

Happy St. Patrick's Day Olivia.  Hope you have a great day.

Nothing says St. Patrick's Day like a traditional Irish snowfall. I wish that was a cocktail and not a comment on Toronto weather.

oh shit it's st. patricks day and I don't have any green

I might like St. Patrick's Day more if it didn't feel like a marketing ploy to sell green beer and leprechaun hats.

Happy Saint Patrick Day! Some  Guinness, Stout, and Whisky Combo? jajjajaaaa

Danica Patrick survives wrecks angry Harvick 2 #finish 18th  #DanicaPatrick #going #PHOTOS

Mathis on the meaning of St. Patrick for today.

I wish drinking green beer on St. Patrick's Day wasn't the closest you'll come this year to eating a vegetable.

For the old-school Ultima computer gamers on St. Patrick's Day: The tragic death of Dupre demands choral tribute

btw Happy St. Patricks Day to all my irish followers ily

SMOOCH!! Kisses, sunshine  LUCK! to everyone today!Happy St. Patrick's DayShamrock Speech Bubble Button  via

Happy St Patrick's Day, Love to all!

OpEd: St. Patrick Can Kiss My Wild Irish Ass

What's St. Patrick's Day like in Ireland? Irish stew, for starters!

Happy St Patrick's Day! Who all wants to marathon the Leprechaun movies with me?

Aye Laddie! The Irish are making our presence known! Erin Go Bragh!! Happy St. Patricks Day Bossman!

St. Patrick's Day Special: The science of pinching:

It's only 10:30am and the majority of St. Patrick's Day revelers here could teach the jar of eggs sitting on the bar a thing or two.

Awwwwhat a cutieHappy St. Patrick's Day Rhys xo

I think LA just hijacked St. Patrick's Day. #earthquake

Huge influx of St. Patrick's Day revelers just joined our train. No comment.

Happy St Patrick's Day! Anyone planning a party tonight?

[ITAR-TASS Eng] Saint Patrick's Day: People celebrating St.Patrick's Day in this photo gallery by ITAR-TASS

On another note, Happy St. Patrick's Day to all my Irish (and non-Irish :P) followers. Drink, drink and be merry.

I think you're the only family I have left to wish Happy St. Patrick's Day to. Hope you have a good one!

[VIDEO] This Grandpa Got More Action on St. Patrick's Day 2012 Than You Did

There was an earthquake in Los Angeles. I guess St Patrick is displeased!

Happy birthday and Happy St. Patrick's Day Logan

Happy St. Patrick's day from our Fighting Irish!

When even Guinness thinks being associated with the anti-gay Manhattan St Patricks Day parade is bad for business, you know the jig is up

I'm here, the earth did an Irish jig for St. Patrick's Day! Woke me right up.

#MovieMonday covers a few film ideas for St. Paddy's Day:

Last year niggas spent St. Patricks day at WVU. Talk about crazy bruh

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Here are 32 Irish pubs around the US where you can celebrate:

Ahhh now I see why Harry pops up when u search St. Patrick's Day.

Today is the day St. Patrick drove the snakes out of Ireland and onto plane. #truefacts #wikipedia

so is anyone going to get upset by Guinness pulling its support of the NYC St. Patrick's Day Parade? #morethanasocialissue

Idc if there is green on my clothes u DO NOT pinch someone that has green in their eyes that's like rule #1 of st Patricks day

The festivity suits you.Nice look for the day

What you don't know about St. Patrick's Day:

St. Patrick's Day morning moon!

Insert witty St. Patricks day drinking joke here.

For St. Patrick's Day parades and celebrations, follow my PARADES list:

but its st patricks day so its a shamrock-quake

You too! Happy St. Patricks Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day. Dance a jig. (Ignore those who hate to see God-fearing people have fun.)

thanks hun. Happy St Patricks Day! 3 xx

Church of St Patrick, Llanbadrig, Anglesey Fourteenth-century church said to be founded by St Patric

Nearly forgot.Happy St Patrick's day

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Celebrate with the Top 10 Irish Musicians:

Heineken also withdraws from NYC St Patrick's sponsorship in support of gay rights.

Happy St Patrick's Day to all our Irish followers. Hope you're having great craic!

Top News: Spectators To Line Fifth Avenue For NYC's St. Patrick's Day Parade Amid Tension - CBS Local

KMOV-TV: Good morning! Happy St. Patrick's Day! Today is going to be chilly but dry whic

Weather: expect a wet and windy St. Patrick's Day

happy St Patrick day to you thanks xx

The Allianz Arena in Munich on St.Patrick's day. Incredible. #FCBayern

iM happy it's st. patricks day it's my time to shine

My St. Patrick's day outfit today will have me dress coded when it gets 80 degrees :(

Happy St. Patrick's Day! So cute!!

Kate Middleton makes a bold statement in her St. Patrick's Day outfit

st patricks day is exciting to me bc drunk niall that's about it im not even irish

New Horizons reports a green beacon on St. Patrick's day! All's well out there on our little bird. #PlutoLives! #StPatricksDay #NASASocial

Just got hit in the shamrocks with a lollipop I think the kids in this St Patrick's day parade have the strongest arms in Europe

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Spotlighting Irish-born actress Angela Greene in a vintage publicity still.

Stay home or Uber it! St. Patrick's Weekend DUI Crackdown Hits L.A.!!!

El Cajon streets run green for St. Patrick's Day Half Marathon.

I have no idea how to ask in Irish so I'm just gonna ask in English haha please upload a St. Patrick's Day video x :D

HAPPY ST.PATRICK'S DAY!! It's going to be a cold day for the parade here.No crowds yet.Be Positive  Stay Safe. #storagewarsny

ITS ST. PATRICK'S DAY WHY ARENT PHOTOS LIKE THIS SHOWING UP YET

Hi Araceli - There are some St. Patrick's Day menu items like Corned Beef  Cabbage at Flo's V8 Cafe!

I wish you a Nice Day Richardson Family Richardson Family Happy St. Patricks Day

Happy St.Patrick's Day to whomever actually cares about it.

Saint Patricks Day Parade 2014 route map

happy st.patrick day! Its green,the lrish rose,loveyou verymuchxoxowarm lrish hugs for you!!!!

ABC15: 200+ St. Patrick's DUI arrests statewide  #news

Like a good saint, St.Patrick promoted the death of a harmless animal

you must wear green participate in St. Patrick's Day Parade.

Happy St. Patrick's Day, my friend! You're the best! Cheers!

According to noted theologian Megyn Kelly, it's on Christmas. RT  So when is White Patrick's Day, anyway?

yeah man.  Looking great for saint Patrick's day

Happy birthday to you St Patrick.s ahahaha

i thought st patricks day was on the 24th or something lol

St. Patrick's/Shimmering streamers rising/Lake Ann's mist/#haiku #irish #ozarks

Happy St Patty's Day! Erin go bragh! #StPatricksDay

Get your green on with our book-themed St. Patrick's Day Pinterest board!

LIVE VIDEO: NYC's St. Patrick's Day Parade is starting now.  Watch --

EVERYDAY ON SAINT PATRICK'S DAY ITS RAINING HOLY COW

#tcot #ccot #teaparty #prolife #rednationrising #NRA Good morning fellow conservatives! Happy St. Patrick's Day! Have a Guinness  tonight!

They're supposed to be cleaning the carpet down stairs but they found out it was St. Patrick's day.

Guinness has cancelled its sponsorship of the New York City St Patrick's Day parade today

it's my least favorite st Patricks day tradition lol

@highlight

Don't miss St Patrick's Day celebrations in Trafalgar Square and across London tomorrow.

@highlight

you must wear green participate in St. Patrick's Day Parade.

@highlight

El Cajon streets run green for St. Patrick's Day Half Marathon.

@highlight

Guinness has cancelled its sponsorship of the New York City St Patrick's Day parade today

@highlight

Heineken also withdraws from NYC St Patrick's sponsorship in support of gay rights.

@highlight

Spectators To Line Fifth Avenue For NYC's St. Patrick's Day Parade Amid Tension.

