Paris prosecutor on terror attacks:- 129 dead- 352 injured in Paris terror attacks; 99 critically- 7 attackers killed

tweet captures why it's appalling to blame refugees for the Paris attacks  #p2utm_medium=socialutm_source=twitter

The players will wear a black ribbon on their shirts to honor the victims and families in Paris.

Safest place in the world is an American South, pork BBQ restaurant. #Paris #ParisAttacks

Tributes for Paris Attack Victims in Beijing - Chinese students and French expatriates offer condolences at Fra

How dense are you?  How many lives would have been saved, last night, in Paris, had they been allowed to have a gun?? INDEFENSIBLE!

To those attacking people about focusing on France and not other places in the worldSTOP. Now is not the time! #ParisAttacks

43 killed in Beirut 2d ago, in Syria people are dying by the minute. A world outraged only by Paris attacks also discriminates between blood

Suspected Paris terrorist 'was let go by police at Belgian border' after Paris attack

College student from California studying abroad killed in Paris attacks: LONG BEACH, Calif. (Reuters  (Reuters)

Devastation in France: What We Know About The Paris Attacks - ABC News -  via

After what the migrants did I'm Paris-no way,

I see ppl comparing the #ParisAttacks w ongoing internal issues in other countries. Those are horrible, but Paris is not IN such a country+

What we know about Paris attacker Ismael Omar Mostefai

#breaking #parisattacks Eiffel Tower area evacuated, heavy police activity around Pullman Hotel in 7th Arrondissement Paris - Reuters

Official says at least 140 dead in Paris attacks; 8 assailants killed.

German arrest for car full of machine guns, explosives linked to Paris attacks: Reuters reports that a German

Antoine Griezmann's sister caught up in Paris terror attacks while French star played at Stade de France

Pray for lebanon and pray for paris and pray for mizzou and pray for every part of the world that is suffering like this

6 questions for Democrats about #Paris attacks amp;infin; 16:

#News Paris Terror: Investigations spread across Europe: Follow our live blog for all the latest news and anal

#ElArcaDeTwitter News Media Scrambles to Cover Attacks in Paris: American media outlets rushe  #TheArkOfTwitter

NBA players express sympathy and shock over Paris' terrorist tragedy:

Oh snap.  French ambassador just laid the smack down on #Paris

#news Paris to answer war with pitiless war  #til_now #AsianAge

Police find car with suspected links to Paris attacks; relatives of suicide bomber questioned..

Rob Lowe defends Paris attack tweets after being slammed for comments

The media stays hyping the ONE American killed in Paris. We get it. Not everything is about America. Damn.

More gunfire reported in Paris, sounds of ambulances and sirens near sky news live position #ParisAttacks

#Iran #Terrorism Paris Terrorist Attacks: Muslims, Iranian And Arab Leaders Condemn ISIS Vio  #Islam #Tcot #UHF

I'll be hosting a special live show tomorrow at 10 am ET, airing worldwide on CNN, looking at latest news and developments on Paris attacks

'Shooting and Explosions' Heard in Paris Suburb Are False Alarm | News | teleSUR English

Love you Mark! Love you Paris!

A message of support 4 #Muslims  after #Paris  attacks is lighting up the Internet  via #ParisAttacks

Republican Candidates Urge Aggressive Response After Paris Attacks | brvbar; 64

Paris and Beirut in Shock and Anger After Massive Terrorist Attacks

PHOTOS: 129 dead amid violence in France: See photos showing the violence in Paris, France.  (Yahoo)

#DemDebate Will you choose diplomacy over knee jerk military actions after the Paris attacks?

Don't bother with facts. America loses more people to Gun violence weekly than the Paris attacks, sad as they are.

Facebook's new profile picture filter lets users show their support for Paris

Eagles Of Death Metal Crew Member Dead In Paris Attacks: GF

Madonna thinking of Paris in Sweden last night - La Vie en Rose Stockholm 2015-11-13. Rebel heart Tour  via

Leaders to correct finals statement of G20 summit following events in Paris  #IT

Paris attacks: P.E.I. expat living in Paris says she's 'a bit freaked out'

What The Paris Attacks Mean For The Fight Against ISIS

U2, Foo Fighters cancel #European shows after Paris attacks:   VIA

Paris police says there were three attacks. Attackers reportedly used AK-47 automatic weapons.

Ian McEwan writes a message from Paris.

Paris cab drivers will give people around the city free rides home

There were 3 Brazilians in the Paris attack, but they suffered minor injuries (well, one was shot in the back 3 times but is doing well).

Video on Paris events and the danger to us which may lie ahead coming up shortly #Galloway4London

ISIS Paris Attacker Passed Through Greece from Syria

Islamic State says Paris attacks were a response to insults of Islam's Prophet and airstrikes in Islamic state territory

Paris concert gunman identified as French national with Islamist ties: ISIS have claimed responsibility for mu

It's the truth. Trump: Paris attacks 'different' if civilians had guns  via

Mayor says five arrested in Brussels raids linked to Paris attack..

U2 - Running to Stand Still (Paris, 1987)  via

U2 Pays Homage to the Paris Attack Victims Near the Bataclan Concert Hall

The Paris attacks reveal a systemic failure of counterterrorism institutions:

Sometimes you need to pray for others especially after a massacre like in Paris. It's not always Bout us. Grow up!

Foreign victims of Paris bloodbath include several Arabs     #ParisAttacks

B-town shows support for Paris attack victims - The Times of India  via

idiots -people DIED in Paris - not just got their feelings hurt - selfish fools

Firecrackers cause 'collective panic' in Paris

Bono on Paris attacks: 'This is the first direct hit on music'No musician was killed or even shot at, dude. Was an attack on a crowd.

Man arrested in Belgium in raids linked to the Paris attacks

Paris terror attacks: England vs France friendly will go ahead despite suicide bombings - via

Sending all my thoughts to The people in Paris. #prayforparis

Paris Shooting Appears Fake #falseflag | Events

racist #BlackLivesMatter thugs double down on hate with #F**K  Paris hashtag

OPINION: #Paris must not do what Washington did after 9/11  #ParisAttacks

The Paris attacks began w/ the explosion at Gate J of the Stade de France.

#GunSense #GunLaws Donald Trump Said Paris Attack Victims With Guns Could Have Thwarted Suici  #UniteBlue #Tcot

If you are currently in #paris the most sensible advice appears to be: get indoors  stay there. Gunmen at large.

Three Teams of Coordinated Muslim Terrorists Carried Out Assault on Paris

Bastille Day, 14 Juillet 2015, Tour Eiffel, Paris Night, France.

Twitter hashtag reveals the dead, wounded and missing in Paris attacks  via nypost

Cities Light Up Around the World After Paris Attacks | NBC Southern California  via

World sings, lights up in solidarity with wounded France after #Paris attacks

Feeling so heartbroken for Paris. My heart goes out to everyone there xxxxx

I'm sorry but changing your profile picture doesn't help Paris. They need answers on why this happen.

Description Of Venues Targeted By Terrorists Attacks In Paris

The boys did a minute silence for Paris before the session started and I gained even more respect for them

Foo Fighters Cancel Gigs After Paris Attacks

#PSG - Lucas Paris Saint-Germain 2016 SoccerStarZ MicroStars Green Base Ls Fg 15/16 New

Destroy them all. Show them same 'mercy' they showed in #Paris #Chattanooga #FtHood #TwinTowers #WTC #teaparty

Tomorrow's front page for The - 'We join Paris, defiant in the face of an appalling massacre'

#California Student Among #Paris #Victims - Nov 15 PM ET

The Baticlan Concert Hall memorial in Paris at noon today in Paris

Man pushes piano into the street in Paris and plays John Lennon's Imagine. #ParisAttacks

#Israel 'I just want to go home to Israel': Jews living in Paris describe the difficult feelings and emo  #News

Paris attacks: Terrorists want to 'turn everyone against everyone', expert warns  #Sydney #News

Jane Richard, younger sister of Boston Marathon bombing victim Martin Richard, sends love to Paris  #news

#Paris attacks: Gigs cancelled as bands pay respects brvbar; 38

Very important point from interview w- on what the Paris attacks mean for ISIS strategy.

UK / US / France supplying weapons to vile Saudi royal regime . Used to commit atrocities in YEMEN .  #paris #Hollande

am soo sorry Paris for this God heal Paris

WATCH: Video Shows Paris Attack Victims Fleeing From the Bataclan Theater (Warning: Graphic)  Terrible, je suis Paris

You can now add a Facebook profile filter to show solidarity with Paris

Russia steps up security after Paris attacks

Even with his opening statement. Sanders talked Paris a bit, immediately pivoted back to his comfort zone. Which is the critique. #DemDebate

RT: :The Paris attackers were all armed with heavy weaponry and suicide vests, Paris prosecutor said

All the papers had to say was that Marilyn was found in the nude. #media #eltonjohn #paris #passports

@highlight

Official says at least 140 dead in Paris attacks; 8 assailants killed.

@highlight

Paris police says there were three attacks. Attackers reportedly used AK-47 automatic weapons.

@highlight

The Paris attacks began w/ the explosion at Gate J of the Stade de France.

@highlight

Eagles Of Death metal crew member dead in Paris attacks.

@highlight

The players will wear a black ribbon on their shirts to honor the victims and families in Paris.

