Kerry says Syria could be 'weeks away' from transition: Paris, Nov 17, 2015 (AFP) - US Secretary of State John

Mixed Responses to Syrian Refugee Crisis After Paris Terrorist Attacks  #NUMBERSUSA #IMMIGRATION

if you'll come to paris (france) one day I'll buy you a llama, deal? #ASKISSA

NYC Muslim taxi driver 'could not pick up fare after  Paris attacks'  via

tells me strategy against ISIS is working and Paris, Sinai, Beirut attacks are not and will not become the new normal.

American states turn against Syrian refugees after Paris attacks: Nine US states are closing their doors to Sy

Thanks. Feel free to ask any time. I believe I'm doing World Update today on Paris/encryption, etc.

A great piece by on the recent Paris attacks: Don't give ISIS what it wants:

Salon Publishes Shameful Story Claiming Paris Victims Deserved It  via

Official says at least 140 dead in Paris attacks; 8 assailants killed.

#Turkish officials say notified counterparts in #France about Omar Ismail #Mostefai in 201415 but never heard back from Paris until now

Paris attacks: terrorist's car was stopped three times by police, according to 'getaway drivers'

Video - The Quran and the Siege of Paris - David Wood - Answering Muslims

All Paris Attackers Identified So Far Are European Nationals, According 2 Top EU Official  Those refugees Rick Scott?

following paris we raised our alert level. Our protest police are just the usual police constables in navy blue uniforms

via +++ Live-Ticker: Paris und der Terror +++  #UFO4UBlogDeutsch

The world knew when Paris was attacked but who knows that Syria was attacked by France?

Wowlargest protest against Muslim invasion in Poland where they won't take any refugees despite EU  #tcot #Paris

List of current states refusing to take in Syrian refugees following the Paris attacks, Tennessee included

Paris attacks: who is suspected ringleader Abdelhamid Abaaoud?: A 29-year-old Belgian now is   #TheArkOfTwitter

Faculty from to lead teach-in Wednesday on Paris attacks:

Eagles Of Death Metal merch seller the first Briton confirmed dead in Paris  43

While Paris is grieving, Faggot Obama releases 5 terrorists from GITMO. #Gitmo #MuslimBrotherhood

Anti-terror raids reported in 3 French cities. 3 people arrested in Toulouse, unrelated to Paris attacks.

Ex-CIA insider: #Paris attacks reveal 'whole new world' of #terror - Nov 17 AM ET

If only 0.0005% of rightful attention on Paris attacks was given to Ukraine army's slaughter of thousands in the Donbass.

Killing Civiliance in #Paris iz terrorism.But what about killing civilans in #Syria #PrayForSyria #ParisAttacks

There's a moment of silence for Paris at school at the moment

The Eagles Of Death Metal Top iTunes Rock Chart As Fans Fight The Paris Terror Attacks with Onli  #gunfail #nra

PANDEMONIUM VIDEO: FEAR STAMPEDE at Paris Memorial as screaming people flee in  via

pretty much all of them have organic components except old-school stuff like Paris green.

French jets bomb ISIS targets in Raqqa as Paris attack probe expands across Europe  via the Android app

The Belgian man suspected of being the plotter of the Paris attacks was a target of airstrikes on ISIS in Syria

Folks I've found the worst vegan take on Paris

Solidarity with #Paris from the people and businesses of my street, Twickenham today.

I was in Paris yesterday, and wrote a piece about it.

The players will wear a black ribbon on their shirts to honor the victims and families in Paris.

Whenever I hear terrorist had time to reload multiple times, It reaffirms why we need Right to bear arms. #Paris#KellyFile #ParisAttacks

Dollar weakens in mid-122 yen range in Tokyo on Paris attacks

France police raid homes, vow it's 'just the beginning': Paris carnage, which killed 129 people, has led  #Arab

French fans have unfurled a banner in tribute to Paris victims at Wembley.#EngvFra

Does he  so far not very effective  Paris

Europe's far-right blames migration crisis for Paris attacks  #NLU

The Family Of A Man Injured In The Paris Attacks Is Upset He Was Framed As A Suspect  via

See the tributes to the victims of the Paris Attacks here.

Madonna offers moment of silence for Paris terrorist attack

Belgium-Spain game cancelled after Paris attacks: The search for the perpetrators of the Paris attacks has led

Aaron Rodgers Has Words for the Fan Who Ruined the Moment of Silence for Paris

I'm not sure why Paris happened, but I'm pretty sure it's not because there are TOO MANY civil liberties in Western Europe + USA. #LRT

Aaron Rodgers attacks 'prejudicial' comments during NFL's Paris tribute  VIA

E. F. Insurance Services is #hiring Outside Sales Representative - Insurance in Paris, TX  #jobs #Paris

RT: :Two of the assailants killed during the Paris attacks have been identified, the Paris prosecutor said.

Retweeted Sen. Mike Dunleavy In wake of terrorist attacks in Paris and Beirut, Senator Mike

GOP candidates call for U.S. to step up War on Terror in wake of #Paris attack:

#ParisAttacks I wrote this, about the other Paris massacre in 1961, and France's difficult past and present.

Lionsgate cancels 'Hunger Games' L.A. premiere red carpet after Paris attacks   VIA

Was Paris only a test? Is something bigger being planned? Does Obama really care?  #tcot #ccot

Paris terror victims honored at 9/11 Memorial Site

#ProChoice #Abortion Paris attacks: Syrian football coach pictured in pro-Assad T-shirt as ci  #UniteBlue #Tcot

Number of U.S. states refusing to take in Syrian refugees after Paris attacks grows to 16

on #Periscope: Paris slowly returning to normal after #Parisattacks #euroscope #fb #westandwithParis

These terror attacks show why we need a real president. The time has come for Trump and Carson to withdraw. #tcot #tlot #paris

brvbar; SoCal Band amp;#39;Eagles of Death Metalamp;#39; Played at Paris

Charity wine auction share to go to Paris attack victims -  2015 Corton Renardes Grand Cru auctioned for $400k

The Vikings sacked Paris in 845 and did not leave until King Charles the Bald paid them 5,670 lbs of silver and gold.

The Latest: PM Cameron says 7 attacks foiled in UK  #AP

After #Paris attacks, fugitive slips through #police dragnet - Nov 16 AM ET

Over gives his three takeaways from the Paris Terror Attacks.

Paris terror attacks pave the way for the march of the Far-Right: Le Pen demands 'immediate halt' to new migrants

Eagles of Death MetalIn the aftermath of the devastating terror attacks in Paris on Friday, the

#News Thousands pray for Paris terror victims at Notre Dame cathedral: Parisians of all ages attended t  #World

NEWS: Cruz Prays for Paris Victims, Then Tells Obama How to Respond: Presidential hopeful Sen. Ted Cruz,  (SAN)

Paris attacks complicate an already-muddled European refugee policy

Paris attacks: Manhunt for Salah Abdeslam and accomplices | Salah Abdeslam

JI wants to make Karachi into Istanbul and SS wants to make Lahore into Paris.why not the original Lahore and Karachi

BREAKING: French prosecutors identify 2 more #Paris attackers; 1 was from Syria, other had previously been charged with 'terrorist' offense

I think I saw that Horror Movie, it was set in Paris if I remember.

Paris attacks: France launches fresh round of airstrikes against Islamic State targets in Syria  #EMM

Could Aggressive Interrogation Have Prevented the Paris Attacks?: (John Hinderaker) On November 5, nine days b

The Latest: UN expert: attacks may be crime against humanity  #AP

In depth overview of our strategy vs Daesh  how Paris changed things. Coalition on the way?

Global Climate Change Conference Will Continue in Paris, Despite Wave of Attacks

Paris attacks: Hollande upstages opposition - BBC News

Powerful portraits from #Paris: honoring the victims in their own words

#World Anonymous Declares War On ISIS After Paris Attack: The hacker collective Anonymous declared war o  #ISis

Monuments across the Arab world lit up in solidarity with Paris  #AbuDhabi

#Dumbass Anchors Want Muslims To Accept Responsibility For The Paris Attacks

France has been bombing Syria for months  French President did not expect retaliation ????? #isis #paris

Brian Williams - at all of the venues attacked in Paris. What a survivor.

We just #prayed for #Paris. But in this country when a HS football coach prays after a game he loses his job

Paris police says there were three attacks. Attackers reportedly used AK-47 automatic weapons.

Eagles Of Death metal crew member dead in Paris attacks.

I give you four faces of #Paris in 1914 - early autochromes from the Albert Kahn archive.

The Paris attacks began w/ the explosion at Gate J of the Stade de France.

Poll: 63% of Americans were fearful that a Paris-style attack could happen near them

After deadly Paris attacks, fugitive slipped through police dragnet - Macleans.ca

USM holds moment of silence for #Paris attack #victims - Nov 16 PM ET

Paris attacks: EU troops could be sent to France as terrifying details of police assault in B  #TheArkOfTwitter

Paris terror attacks should mean bolder thinking about security

Paris attacks reignite debate over Apple, Facebook, Google encryption practices  by

Muslim group warn of Bataclan attack SEVEN YEARS AGO in chilling video

Official ID's suspected leader of Paris attacks  via

#ISIS ordered attack on anti-ISIS coalition, Iraq warned France 1 day before #ParisAttacks

Is it just me or doesn't Paris show that no govt is prepared to combat this terrorism without so many more people losing their lives?

John Oliver curses off Paris attackers: 'F*ck these assholes'

@highlight

Official says at least 140 dead in Paris attacks; 8 assailants killed.

@highlight

Paris police says there were three attacks. Attackers reportedly used AK-47 automatic weapons.

@highlight

The Paris attacks began w/ the explosion at Gate J of the Stade de France.

@highlight

Eagles Of Death metal crew member dead in Paris attacks.

@highlight

The players will wear a black ribbon on their shirts to honor the victims and families in Paris.

@highlight

American states turn against Syrian refugees after Paris attacks: Nine US states are closing their doors to Syrian.

