The people of Paris and the families affected by these atrocious acts of evil are in our prayers tonight.

Not every single person posting to Twitter right now knows what's happening in Paris. Maybe don't yell at them about it.

I know I live hundreds of miles from Paris, but suddenly this entire thing just feels so close to home

Shootings explosion reported in eastern Paris

Taxi drivers in Paris have turned off the metres and are giving free rides home. Humanity shines through

oh hope :(  I wish you is safe trip and that Paris is safe in general

My head and heart are heavy thinking about Paris. Why so much evil in the world?

Death toll in Paris attacks could exceed 120, prosecutor says

Praying for the people of Paris and all of France, our oldest ally. We stand with you.

Got another day in Paris lucky me so tired though

#Politics: 2016 Presidential Candidates Respond to Paris Attacks: Presidential contenders of  via

This Map Shows Where the Paris Attacks Took Place

My heart, thoughts and prayers are with the people and families of Paris. #PrayForParis

118 dead after Eagles of Death Metal siege: Paris police ended Bataclan hostage stand-off

Raw: Survivors led to safety from Paris theater: Automatic gunfire and blasts have rung out from the area of a

Twitter pics show bodies in the In Paris. Via

I've got an old colleague lives/works in Paris. Keeping everything crossed that she's ok. This is fucking horrible.

DEVELOPING: Two police officials say that at least 26 people have been killed in shootings, explosions around Paris

sorry, focus on Paris just now, terrorist attack, 60 dead, 100 hostages. State of emergency declared, army in streets

Saturday's front page: 140 dead in Paris massacre

Retweeted IDF Elite ALERT: Any Israelis caught up in Paris terror attacks are urged to call the Embassy on +33 1 40.76.55.00.

plz spread/RT #PorteOuverte.  ( #OpenDoor )People in Paris are gonna need a place to sleep.

Wow reports of a mass shooting in Paris. Gunman opened fire in a restaurant. Several reported dead.

French media revealed disturbing first-hand accounts from deadly attacks in Paris

of course it's a possibility, but please don't ASSUME the horrors unfolding in paris right now are due to islamic extremists, christ sake.

UPDATE: One of Paris attackers mentioned French military action in Syria: witness | via #PrayForParis

AT LEAST 26 DEAD IN ATTACKS IN PARIS AND 60 HOSTAGES REPORTED TAKEN AT CONCE//t.co/CLVCt4qMNI

R The White House has been briefed on the situation in Paris

'Peace for Paris' illustration becomes symbol of solidarity following #ParisAttacks:

Deadly Paris Attacks: What We Know So Far

France Stadium a few minutes ago #shooting #Paris #ParisAttacks

I can't even believe what's going on in Paris.

Sending prayers  love to everyone in Paris and Japan. Be safe everyone. 3 3

Out of respect for what's going on in Paris, feel best to not do our Friday #cuff routine during #BlueBloods. Will be sending #LOVE instead.

I checked the trend. Why arepeople attacking Paris?

U.S. Band Eagles Of #death #metal Safe After Attack At Paris Concert

#BREAKING: Several people killed, at least 7 injured in #shooting in Paris restaurant: France's BFMTV

Horrified and heartsick scrolling through tweets about Paris attacks. Terrorists want to take away our lives, our freedom.

God awful what's happening in Paris. so sick of shootings and terrorist attacks becoming a regular thing, #PrayForParis

Not here for any islamaphobic bullshit in regards to what's happening in Paris. Stfu and have some respect #PrayersForParis #ParisAttacks

French Authorities Say More Than 100 Killed In Paris Attacks: The French capital has been rocked by shootings and an explosion in at

The situation in Paris honestly breaks my heart. Why are some people so sick and kill/hurt innocent people? I will never understand it.

Paris police tell CNN there were three attacks. Attackers reportedly used AK-47 automatic weapons.

I know I keep going on about Paris but it's just so heart breaking

Six different attack locations in Paris right now. This is a war.

Follow the Times live coverage of the Paris attacks.

I take a nap, wake up, and hear that there was an attack in Paris what is going on in this world

Praying for Paris, Japan, and the rest of the world. This is scary.

i'm in Paris rn . you might just have compassion for us .

BREAKING At Least 18 Killed In Multiple Paris Shootings  #p2

Thoughts go out to those in Paris. The world can be a horrible place at times. #PrayForParis

Saddened to hear of the shootings in Paris. Thoughts are with those involved

Please don't tell me a few Amish have snuk into Paris on illegal visas.

BREAKING: City-wide curfew now in effect in Paris for the first time since 1944.

Paris Under Siege: Dozens Killed in Multiple Attacks: Dozens were killed in an outbreak of explosions and mult

It's all good. Please, no reason to look for disagreement now. Focus on Paris.

Our hearts and thoughts go out to the people of Paris

I'm confused how a shooting in Paris is somehow comparable to a protest for equality. America has me confused

#TwitchyTeam Report: Injuries, fatalities following Paris shooting, explosion; Purported eyewitness tweets: Pl

HH #YounusAlGohar: Paris TragedyIts so painful to hear that atleast 60 innocent people got killed (cont)

An expanded list of numbers for embassies in Paris - please //t.co/mJi2m8q1ye

AP: At least 100 dead in concert hall in Paris, say police #ParisAttacks

18 people my heart goes out to them. stay safe everyone in paris

All the love for Paris. Devastating events we should all pray for.

French police report shootout and explosion in Paris  18 dead.

Nick O'Brien says no group has claimed responsibility for attacks because confusion and chaos works in their favour #ParisAttacks

158 people are dead in Paris right now, it's not the time to promote an album, it's a time to #PrayForParis

Retweeted NBC Nightly News JUST IN: Pres. Obama has been briefed on security situation in Paris -

French media saying another shooting has been reported in Paris, at Les Halles shopping mall

#paris #extra #news At least 30 dead in Paris shootings - French media - SBS: SBSAt least 30  #parijs #breaking

President Obama addresses situation in Paris. Pledges America's support and assistance to France.

That's so sad aboutwhat happened in Paris..

The jihadis did this in Mumbai, in Nairobi, now in Paris.They will try to do it here.We will never disarm.#2A

NIGHT OF TERROR: VIDEO From Paris Right After Restaurant Attack:  via

oh I didn't know u were in Paris!! Scary!!

Can't believe all this shit is going on in Paris and I'm sat at home eating weetos

Wow I'm in shock. I can't believe this STILL happens in 2015. My thoughts and are with those in Paris tonight.

Paris terror attacks have left as many as 142 dead

American Band playing at Bataclan, pretty clear this is terrorism. 6-8 attackers.

Okay I'm confused. Paris, Japan, what the hell is going on?

Retweeted Daily Mail Online Twitter users are offering shelter to anyone in Paris using

My heart and thoughts and prayers are with all the family and friends of the victims and all the people in Paris tonight xxxx

if any of you harmos live near Paris, just know how much love I am sending you and your family's way, please please stay safe I love you

#BreakingNews French police: death toll rises to 60 after Paris attacks

Our hearts are hurting for our friends in Paris.

Rightly or wrongly, forget about #Europe opening to #MiddleEast/#NorthAfrica #refugees/#migrants. #ParisAttacks #Paris

News: VIDEO: Footage shows Paris attack scenes: At least 18 people have been killed in severa  via

BREAKING: Five explosions heard near Bataclan concert hall in Paris, according to witness

please don't make Paris about fifth harmony. please.

Feeling helpless and very human. My heart is breaking for the people of Paris.

Terrible acts of violence in Paris tonight#PrayforParis xx

Absolutely heartbreaking news out of Paris. It makes me so sad.

Unless your country is a totalitarian police state the attacks carried out in paris will always be possible. To use the death  suffering

'Horror': At Least 100 Dead in Multiple Paris Attacks  via nbcnews Not Horror but reality

President Obama speaks about Paris attacks

The Paris attacks began w/ the explosion at Gate J of the Stade de France where Pres Hollande was watching the friendly Germany/France game

Paris Attacks: Hostages reportedly taken at Eagles of Death Metal concert

If anyone has important messages about what's happening in paris, I'm happy to RT so they reach more people. #PrayForParis #PorteOuverte

Several dozen dead as terror takes to the streets of Paris in at least 5 attacks ! Thoughts  solidarity with France NOW

BREAKING: Police operation at Bataclan concert venue over,  2 attackers killed: BFM TV

@highlight

Death toll in Paris attacks could exceed 120, prosecutor says

@highlight

Paris police says there were three attacks. Attackers reportedly used AK-47 automatic weapons.

@highlight

The Paris attacks began w/ the explosion at Gate J of the Stade de France.

