Paris has turned off their lights off but the rest of the world turned theirs on

Whilst Paris turned off their lights in mourning, the rest of the world turned theirs on in support. #PrayForParis.

Paris police says there were three attacks. Attackers reportedly used AK-47 automatic weapons.

thank you, but please pray for people in Paris. They really need prayers. More attacks will come

#News Terror in Paris | Bangkok Post: learning: Rescuers evacuate people following an attack in the 10th arron

I am not nuts ! :) I am not justifying anything -Mumbai  Paris attack causes R different That's it

#MailOnline France calls a state of emergency after Paris shooting and announces checks across the country: Pr

Don't understand the world I'm living in.  My heart breaks for the people of Paris. Pray for Paris. Pray for peace.

Okay so i'm so sad to hear about what happened in paris but why didn't anyone get this sad 2 days ago when 60+ people died in lebanon bc of+

Excuse me? This terror attack should convince you to shut up about conservatives. Because you are wrong. #ParisAttacks

WTF???   Obama statement on Paris: 'I DON'T WANT TO SPECULATE ON WHO DID THIS'

STOP POSTING PICTURES OF PARIS, THE POLICE SAID NOT TO BC IT SHOWS POLICE POSITIONING PASS IT ON

Additional note: it seems the Calais refugee camp fire did actually occur tonight, but no relation to the events in Paris is suspected.

I have sat and drank coffee in cafe's in Paris. My heart goes out to everyone who is there or affected in any way

New York Times - An Awful Realization for Paris as Terror Strikes City Again

and what was the Paris jihadis' weapon/ammo/explosive supply? Paris is not Baghdad

The Latest: Official says hundreds dead in Paris attacks; 5 assailants killed

As my prayers  thoughts are with the City of Light, I won't be live tweeting #ANTM tonight. My heart aches for you, Paris #PrayForParis

No Syrian Refugees need to enter the US! Pray for Paris!

The way I feel about the  terrible news from Paris makes me realise I am 100% European.

Just Heard a report that a member of the SoCal band playing at the Bataclan tonight died in the attack.

We Pakistanis strongly condemn terror attacks in Paris.Islam teaches Peace  Not represented by criminal ISIS #Prayers4Paris #ParisAttacks

last time I was in #paris | sending strength + peace Stad De France

My hear goes to the families of victims in Paris, really sad

I'm going to hug my mother and tell her that I love her, I'm going to pray for the people of Paris, even though

#news Over 150 killed, 200 injured in Paris attacks | 8 militants killed: Source  #til_now #ET

After every attack why Islam has been defended,if terrorism don't have any religion?#ParisAttacks

Dear Paris: On behalf of my country, please accept my apologies for the behavior of conservative Republicans.  #UglyAmericans #ParisAttacks

Marie I am with you. Tonight I am not retweeting anything political on the Paris attacks, just praying.

Soccer Stadium ( 3 Explorations ) Restaurants  ATheater Were TheSites Of Attacks.Think Terrorist Organization!God Bless YouAll In Paris:-)

VIDEO: Coldplay cover John Lennon's 'Imagine' in tribute to the lives lost in the Paris attacks #PrayForParis

Saddened  horrified by news from Paris. Please don't let hate win. Thinking of all those who have lost loved ones.

News-Update- President, Vice-President, Mohammed bin Zayed condemn Paris massacre

#China's embassy in Paris issued security alert after #ParisAttacks killed at least 140

HATE BEING A TEENAGER BECAUSE I CAN'T FUCKING DO ANYTHING ABOUT PARIS OR ANY PLACE IN DANGER

Retweeted MK Irish people concerned about family  friends in Paris, or the Irish there, can contact

Paris terror attack: NZ Islamic leaders condemn attack: New Zealand's Islamic leaders have condemned the  (NZH)

people need to know though. im not sending hate at all i'm sending my deepest prayers for paris. but people need to pray +

The Paris attacks began w/ the explosion at Gate J of the Stade de France.

The right wing is going to exploit the Paris attacks for all the fear and hatred they can get out of them.

Paris reporter/ survivor just described the horrific shootings so insane BUT when asked if the concert used metal detectors, NONE WERE USED!

Retweeted L.A. Times News 24/7 U2 cancels Paris concert set for HBO special

#bbc #news: About 100 dead at Bataclan concert venue in central Paris, French media quote police as saying htt

played their final song tonight - Clean My Wounds - in memory of those in Paris.

#NZHerald Paris terror attacks: The hunt for who's responsible

My most sincere to all the family and friends of the Paris persons who have died today.Rest In Peace.

Our thoughts are with everyone affected by today's senseless tragedy in Paris.

News France Paris Shooting Paris LIVE  via has egg all of him now,reflecting genocide

JUSTIN LED A PRAYER FOR PARIS AND JAPAN DURING HIS SOLD OUT ALBUM EVENT AT THE STAPLES CENTER. MY SWEET, KINDHEARTED BABY

NHL teams took time to honour the victims of today's horror in Paris.

I hope his girlfriend is okay too. Paris is her home.

I still can't understand why Paris? Are these people mental?

Paris attacks: Panic on streets, Northern Ireland men say | News Bbc

JUST IN: Paris prosecutor says 5 attackers may be dead in attacks across city. |via

#ParisAttacks.158 dead.80 more #critical in various hospitals around Paris.8 attackers now known (7 blew themselves up).U2 cxd Sat show

JUD/LeT on Paris massacre. I'm pretty sure many will buy this bunk and peddle victimhood.

In pics: Paris hit by multiple attacks

Thoughts  prayers to all hurt  affected in Paris #prayforparis

Indeed we all have to pray for Paris and everyone else who has been affected on a worldwide scale by these terrorist attacks

Very cool: Justin Bieber led THOUSANDS at his concert in PRAYER for victims of Paris terrorism

Will say that Paris is just another little incident? #Auspol

No human being, who remains human can hurt another, without hurting himself first, for we are but ONE. God Heal Paris.

NICE TO SEE THE WORLD'S SOLIDARITY AND LOVE FOR PARIS . NOT THAT #Mizzou BULLS**T! #ParisAttacks

goodnight everyone don't forget to pray for paris and this sad excuse of a world we live in

goodnight. Paris will forever be in my prayers! #Pray4Paris

In Paris, #PorteOuvert. In US, #strandedinUS. In either language, shelter from the storm.

if any mutuals live in Paris or anywhere near the planned attacks, you are in my prayers please stay safe #PrayForParis

Paris police says all attackers are believed to be dead

We're providing unlimited access to  for coverage of the attacks in Paris. Follow our blog

My heart goes out to everyone affected by what happened in Paris today #Prayers4Paris

Holy crap! Hadn't heard you on but didn't know you were in Paris. Glad you're safe!

Extremely saddened for Paris. A city that I love and lived in for years and where I spent some of the best years of my life.

While you wake up in bed this morning be thankful because in Paris many beds will forever remain empty  #PrayForParis

$30 #Limoges fine china #ashtray PARIS theme with gold paint

Also for this hour is doing 1 hour special report on the attacks, and is doing a special right now on #ParisAttacks.

Kelowna woman recounts terror attacks in Paris

#BarackObama #Obama Obama vows to bring those responsible for Paris attacks to justice: A som  #UniteBlue #Tcot

here, unharmed by the earthquake in Japan but thinking about everyone in Paris and the Aussie coasts, hoping everyone's safe.

it's some scary shit going on out in Paris man. Bless up

This attack on freedom is aimed against us all, Angela Merkel says of Paris killings

friends, if you aren't in paris. don't mark yourself safe from the terrorist attack there. ang lalang tignan, swear

Beirut. Baghdad. And now Paris. Am so done with this week :-(

Woke up in Madrid to the terrible, devastating news. There are no words. Paris, our hearts are with you.

Eight militants killed in Paris bombings and gunfire: investigation source   #ParisAttacks

My thoughts turn now to Paris and yet more slaughter of innocents. May they rest in peace and be remembered with love.

Love your new pic KK! So sad tonight with what happened in Paris - literally I am in tears

#Paris attacks: Bataclan  other assaults leave many dead  #news #ParisAttacks

I'm so saddened by the tragedy in Paris. My thoughts and prayers are with the people in France. #PrayForParis #TerrorismHasNoReligion

Dear Isis is still here  still in Paris for sure. News  law enforcement needs to keep looking now

Paris is a good reminder that people bitching about microaggressions should be grateful they have no idea what real aggression is.

US presidential candidates react to the Paris attacks on social media

We're sending you a DM with some further clarification regarding Paris flights. We're sorry for the confusion.

Thanks - agree to disagree  - So any scuttlebutt in Tripoli area about Paris Attacks today?

I just saw a post and someone's friend died in Paris I'm literally bawling

I stand with France, as France has stood with my country in pain. My heart aches for Paris, for France.

#FrenchMuslims :-( Social Media Racism in Response to Tragic Paris Shootings:  led to in Fr  #Islam #Muslims

everyone joining in unity to see the well being of those in Paris and Japan is beautiful #Paris #preyforparis #PrayForJapan

Death toll in Paris attacks could exceed 120, prosecutor says

We're still operating flights to Paris. When a travel policy is issued it will be found here:

I get where your coming from but I am too angry disgusted, fed up right now to think of anything else but Paris

On my mind:  The beauty of Paris Photos taken while we were there a week and a half ago. Celebrate Paris.

#LiveLeak #Video: French Fans Sing 'La Marseillaise' after Paris Bombings/Shootings Solidarity: French fans re

My heart goes out to Paris.  What kind of evil can possess people to mindlessly execute innocents like that.  My god.

@highlight

Official says at least 140 dead in Paris attacks; 8 assailants killed.

@highlight

Paris police says there were three attacks. Attackers reportedly used AK-47 automatic weapons.

@highlight

The Paris attacks began w/ the explosion at Gate J of the Stade de France.

