I've stopped caring about this Brussels shit already so I'm gonna go fuck off until it's no longer my entire feed

Jef Versele from Belgium was at Zaventem airport when he heard the two explosions

Two Loud Explosions Heard At Brussels AirportGuess what?

Israel: #jcot #tcot All Israeli flights departing from Europe grounded following Brussels attack

At least 10 people dead in Brussels terror attack at crowded Metro station

#news Suicide attack in Brussels: Blasts rock airport, 10 dead | Explosion at Metro station  #til_now #ET

Brussels is only 3 hours way from where i live lol yikes

INFOGRAPHIC: Location of blasts at #Brussels' Zaventem airport. -

Latest report out of Brussels 4 suicide bombers, 13 dead at airport 5 dead at subway and counting.

Premarket: Global stocks fall, gold rises after Brussels explosions  From

Eurostar: No trains running to or from Brussels Midi  ^ITV

Track evacuation after Brussels metro blast  via

Authorities Tell Everyone in Brussels to Remain Where They Are After Explosions at Airport, Subway Station: Au

Explosions hit Brussels airport, several killed: Belgian media:   (Yahoo)

'Blood everywhere, it was a war scene': passenger at #Brussels airport

Is this what we want for our women and children?#BrusselsAttack Photos from aftermath of #Brussels airport attack

Lord Jesus our enemies are not of this world. We ask You for Your Holy Angels to surround all innocent in #Brussels right now in Jesus Name+

Main railway stations in Brussels closed after blasts  #itvnews #itv #news

BREAKING: Brussels Fire rep. tells NBC that there have been at least 4 explosions at different  via

Photo: Smoke rises from the #Maalbeek underground, in #Brussels, following a blast at the station.

Be vigilant! Anything out of place? Report! Don't spread info on Security forces operating on social! #Brussels #EuropeUnderAttack #StaySafe

13 dead, 35 injured and 2 explosions at the Brussels Airport and there have been explosions at the Brussels subway as well.

Broken windows seen at the scene of explosions at Zaventem airport near #Brussels LIVE:

LATEST #UPDATE: #Brussels #Zaventem airport and metro attacks 'kill at least 13' - Belgian media

China News- Live Updates on the Attacks in Brussels

UPDATE: At least 13 killed, dozens injured after explosions rock Brussels airport and metro stations

One candidate waved a red flag about Brussels.Was he right?

If you are concerned about friends or family in #Brussels, the Belgian Crisis Centre has given the Belgian telephone number 0032 2753 7300

After #Brussels airport blasts, explosion at metro station Thank You  NSG for keeping us safe.

UPDATE: Blast on Brussels metro near EU buildings, system ordered closed

LIVE: Metro CCTV captures moment of Brussels blast

Third explosion hits Brussels: BRUSSELS - An explosion was heard at Maelbeek metro station in Bru  -sanjayator.

All flights canceled at Brussels airport following deadly explosions.

Isis could never win. God bless and defence European culture  #Brussels

Brussels on alert after explosions in airport, subway system - Mar 22 AM ET

Brussels attacks: Latest live video from the scene  #itvnews #itv #news

Brussels Media: at Least 13 People Killed in Explosions at Airport and Subway Station: Brussels Media: at leas

Don't call. Use texting or social media. Network is getting saturated #Brussels

Brussels public transport closed down now,  some buses requisitioned to assist with evacuations and other transport.City closing down.

Windows blown out at Brussels Airport, the bombs went off at 8am local time 3am (ET)

Worried about friends or relatives in Brussels call 020 7008 1500

My thoughts are with everyone at Brussels today. Just words can't convey.

Second blast spotted at Brussels subway close to EU buildings, all subway stations ordered to close.

As Islamists slaughter innocents in Brussels, the EU based in Brussels imports millions more Muslims. See the problem?????

No transit in #Brussels trams are all stopping now. This is at Legrand!

Another explosion reported at a subway station in Molenbeek, Brussels. All Bus, tram and metro services shut down across Brussels.

#DailyStarLeb EU Commission locks down after Brussels blasts: The European Commission locked down its staff on

BRUSSELSFor all those who don't know, Brussels is de facto capital of European Union.

No trains running from Brussels Midi Station following explosions in Belgium, Eurostar confirms

The aftermath inside Brussels' Zaventem Airport after explosions.

Suicide attack appears to be cause of Brussels Airport explosions.

Brussels Maalbeek Metro explosion: Further blast reported after several killed at Brussels Airport: Maal  (TOI)

If - if - Brussels perpetrated by same network as Paris, then this is watershed in EU CT situation. In past, nobody got to strike big twice

Shocked and saddened by events in Brussels - the thoughts of Londoners are with the victims this morning

LIVE from #Brussels after explosions rock airport and metro station:

BLASTS ROCK BRUSSELS We knew This Was Comingso sad for familiesThose Killed.THANKS REPUBLICANS NOTKEEP FUNDING THEM

I guess Trump was right about Brussels

Yeah, but the activity in Brussels and the lack of security in Belgium in general must shoot that up quite a bit.

I am stressed out b/c my family is scheduled to fly home to Miami from n Brussels about now.

#EU staff told to remain indoors or at home after #Brussels blasts  )

A police dog killed in the Paris raid got more news attention today than the 50 Nigerians who were killed in bomb blasts. #Brussels

Something to bear in mind concerning situation in Brussels

My thoughts are with Brussels. Stay strong!

LRT Gavin Sheridan is in Brussels right now

A U.S. official said the Brussels explosions appeared to be a terrorist attack

British PM David Cameron will hold a special cabinet meeting later this morning to discuss Brussels situation.

#Brussels situation just proves that we're never safe.

Twitter has suspended the account of Belgian terror expert right in the middle of the #Brussels terror attacks.

At least 13 people have been killed and dozens more injured in Brussels airport blast, reports say

UPDATE: Death toll from the attack on #Zaventem airport #Brussels rises to 13 as more than 30 people wounded

I WANT TO CRY I'M SHAKING SO HARD 13 PEOPLE DIED IN BRUSSELS

Report: 13 dead, 35 injured in Brussels Airport explosion, Belgian broadcaster V//t.co/gc6nNOOZLi

#Brussels is why the pathological altruism of the European Union sickens me.

BRUSSELS LIVE BLOG:Live video23 deadOngoing terror attackGraphic video and photos

Belgian media says at least 13 people are dead after multiple explosions in Brussels

May you Rest in Peace, all you who left this Earth in Brussels today.

UPDATE: No trains are currently running to or from Brussels Midi. Brussels customers are advised to postpone, and not come to station.

Explosions Rip Through Brussels Airport - Casualties  Unfortunately you need to get used to it. #brusselsairport

JUST IN: At least 13 people killed in explosions at airport and subway station, Brussels media reports.

Explosion at a Brussels metro station, around an hour after bombs ripped through Belgian airport.

PM: I will be chairing a COBRA meeting on the events in Brussels later this morning. Via

Federal government is monitoring the situation closely, tweets Belgian PM #Brussels

#salingfollow Soldiers deployed in the vicinity of Brussels Airport following explosions - V//t.co/qqb9Nul5l7

I'm just glad I didn't have to travel to main office via Brussels today

Time to stop the PC bullshit, Israelify airport security and profile the fuck out of people in order to save lives.  #Brussels

#Brussels blasts : several injured in #Maelbeek metro station explosion

For years, the liberal Brussels political establishment turned a blind eye to the radical Islam problem at its heart. This is the price

Travel updates in the wake of Brussels explosions

Multiple explosions in Brussels have left at least 13 dead and several injured

23 DEAD AS OF NOW -At least 13 dead after explosions at Brussels airport, Metro station | Fox News |

;-;Also my house has a power cutAnd brussels got bombed by the religionFucking hell this is going terribly

#THR Brussels Airport, Subway Station Hit by Fatal Explosions: U.K. news networks go to wall-to-wall coverage

My heart is hurting for Brussels. Stay strong. #HawaiiViaBostonStrong

I can't believe what I've just read this morning. When will this stop. My thoughts go out to everyone in #Brussels

Minister Charlie Flanagan has expressed his shock over the #Brussels explosions

Just heard about Brussels airport. Fucking hell.

Thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the Brussels attacks this morning #Brussels

Emergency number 0032 2753 7300 for those worried about family and friends after #Brussels attack

Dear America n EuropeDo not dig a hole for somebody else; you yourself will fall into it.Sincerely Afghanistan Syria Iraq#Brussels

RT: :An explosion was reported at a metro station in Brussels after two explosions rocked Brussels Airport

Forget about Brussels, they have reached Berlin. They are all over, these Islamist zombies.

No public transport. Stay where you are, also in schools, companies,  Contact crisiscenter: 1771 #Brussels

Update | All passengers who were still in the piers have been evacuated, tweets #Brussels

Soldiers deployed in the vicinity of Brussels Airport following explosions - V//t.co/bf4dxCPp2R

Photo: People leave the scene of explosions at Zaventem airport near #Brussels

@highlight

Second blast spotted at Brussels subway close to EU buildings, all subway stations ordered to close.

@highlight

13 dead, 35 injured and 2 explosions at the Brussels Airport and there have been explosions at the Brussels subway as well.

@highlight

All flights canceled at Brussels airport following deadly explosions.

@highlight

Suicide attack appears to be cause of Brussels Airport explosions.

@highlight

Another explosion reported at a subway station in Molenbeek, Brussels. All Bus, tram and metro services shut down across Brussels.

@highlight

British PM David Cameron will hold a special cabinet meeting later this morning to discuss Brussels situation.

