#ElArcaDeTwitter Explosion at Park in Lahore, Pakistan, Kills Dozens: The blast, apparently c  #TheArkOfTwitter

US citizens in Lahore, Pakistan: Be sure to check in on social media or call family if you are safe after explosion in Gulshan Iqbal park

Thoughts with the victims of the #Lahore attack and their families and friends.

#HuffPost #Tcot Deadly Bomb Blast Hits Public Park In Pakistan's Lahore: LAHORE, PAKISTAN  #Feminism #Uniteblue

BREAKING: Death toll in #Lahore now officially rises to 56 #Pakistan: official - AFP

Ten dead, 30 injured in blast outside park in Pakistan's Lahore

Hello #TwitterVerse: At least 50 dead in Lahore blast: An explosion close to a park in the Pakis  #7Coders

Guys, Careem is giving free rides to anyone who wants to donate blood for Lahore Blast victims. Use promo code: Donate.

Most of the 60 victims in the Lahore suicide bombing were women children celebrating Easter in the Park

BREAKING NEWS: At least 38 killed in suicide bomb attack at public park in Lahore, Pakistan.

BREAKING NEWS: Death toll from suicide bomb attack at public park in Lahore, Pakistan rises to 56.

New York Times - Explosion at Park in Lahore, Pakistan, Kills Dozens

#NEWS Over 50 dead in Lahore suicide attack - Duur: 0:48.: Over 50 dead in Lahore suicide attack - Duu  #ATTACK

Deadly bomb blast hits public park in Pakistan's city of Lahore

LOONS in #KSA w/Barrels of UNEARNED $s~w/ ZERO Idea on How2 Use it 4 Livelihoods~So Keep on KILLING Humanity:#Lahore

If I see another person take the piss on Facebook by checking in as safe from the Lahore explosion in Pakistan, I'm gonna lose my shit

#UPDATE: Death toll raises to over 50 in suicide bombing at park in #Pakistan's second largest city of #Lahore.

Suicide bombing in #Lahore #Pakistan: 53 deadNo word yet if Quakers or Amish are responsible#NothingToDoWithIslam

Deadly Bomb Blast At Public Park In Pakistan's Lahore Kills At Least 52

In Islamabad ArmyIn Lahore Army Where is Civ GovtPhir b Army ko galian

- Jinnah Hospital Lahore ~We need O+ and AB+ blood #urgent #LahoreBlast

On the holiest of Christian days, muslims target children in Lahore, Pakistan. Fifty dead, more wounded. How this is a peaceful religion??

We all are praying for the people of #Lahore in this situation and prayers go out who affected.#PrayForLahore

#Foxnews Blast in crowded Pakistan park kills at least 56: An explosion ripped through a crowded Pakistan park

Pakistan: Over 50 killed, 150 injured in suicide blast at Lahore park

Explosion At Park In Lahore, Pakistan, Kills At Least 30

At least 38 dead:Pakistan explosion leaves many dead at Lahore park

#LahoreBlastUpdate: Local Media News Ke Mutabiq Lahore Hamlay Mein 50 say Zaid Afrad Janbahaq Hoe

Condemning the terrorist attack in Lahore. We pray for the victims and their families.

I am not in Lahore right now. I hope friends in Lahore tweeting about blood donations will also go donate blood. Please.

RT: :UPDATE: Facebook activated 'Safe Check' to help track people after #Lahore blast

via Explosion at Park in Lahore, Pakistan, Kills Dozens  #UFO4UBlogWorld

#breaking #news Malala Yousafzai statement on blast in Lahore, Pakistan: 'I condemn this attack in the stronges

#LahoreBlast -- Every Indian shares the grief of Pakistani parents who lost their children in today's suicide attack on kids in Lahore.

Lahore and Islamabad is burning but thanks God elder Shareef and younger Shareef both are safe. Thanks God!

#BREAKING Death toll from blast in Pakistan's Lahore rises to 56: official

So Faux News is totally gonna cover the hell out of this terror horror in #Lahore #Pakistan right? Wall-to-wall ?

BostonGlobe: UPDATE: Bomb blast at Pakistan park in #Lahore kills at least 44, wounds 91

Update | 56 dead, over 200 injured in the suicide bomb blast in Pakistan's Lahore: PTI

Huff Post: Deadly Bomb Blast Hits Public Park In Pakistan's Lahore  #p2 #topprog

Death toll in Lahore bombing raised to 50+ // such a tragedy

Suicide bomb explodes feet away from playground in Lahore, Pakistan, reportedly killing 50.

At least 50 dead, over 230 injured in Gulshan-e-Iqbal blast in Lahore, Pakistan

Shadman Chowk in Lahore , The spot where Bhagat Singh, Rajguru and Sukhdev were hanged in 1931

Islamists strike again, this time in Pakistan killing 30-56. Struck a park in Lahore, Pakistan. #PrayForLahore

53 deadMore than 150 injured Confirmed by DCO Lahore

Fifty killed in suicide bombing attack in Lahore

63 dead, over 250 injured in Gulshan-e-Iqbal blast in Lahore

Suicide bomber kills at least 38 people at public park in #Lahore #Pakistan,

Another bomb blast. Another tragedy. Innocents again the casualties of ignorance and hate. Heartbreaking!! #LahoreBlast

Suicide bomber kills at least 52, mostly women, kids in Pakistan park: LAHORE, Pakistan (Reuters) -   (Reuters)

Mob reached to Parliament House, #lahore is bleeding, is there any type of government in this country? #LahoreBlast

At least 44 reported killed in explosion in Pakistan's Lahore - Washington Post  #news

Hello #Twitterverse! Easter Sunday explosion in Pakistan leaves 44 dead: Easter celebrations in Lahore, Pakis

And lahore is bleeding and dying.. Sad end of #EasterJoy  #LahoreBlast

Lahore attack is strongly condemnable no words~

I pray for those killed in Lahore today, and those killed in attacks around the world, and those who fight against the evil that is islam.

I'm horrified by every terror attack. Ankara, Brussels, Nigeria, and Lahore. #prayfortheworld

So Chris Hayes is on his way to #Lahore #Pakistan right now, hunh, to cover this horrific attack, isn't he?

Blooms from Gulshan-e-Iqbal Park in Lahore, Pakistan, before today's horrifying terrorist attack. #FlowerReport

60 killed, 300 injured in blast at Lahore, Pakistan park: A bomb blast in a park in the eastern Pakistani city

Horrific news from Lahore. This is what many refugees are fleeing.They're blamed but they're the biggest victims.

Tragedy strikes Lahore: Blast at Gulshan-e-Iqbal Park kills 53, injures 30 on Easter: The blast at Lahore's Gu

you're covering Trump's hateful lies instead of actual news in Lahore.

Bomb blast in Lahore has left many families screaming  crying. Saddened to know about the tragic incident. It is strongly condemned.

More than 50 martyred in a bomb blast in Gulshan-E-Iqbal Park Lahore. Yesterday it was Iraq and before that Brussels.

NPR - Explosion At Park In Lahore Kills At Least 20

A sad Sunday in Lahore.54 people killed 200 injured in terrorist attack at Gulshan e Iqbal Lahore only cowards can attack innocent civilians

38 killed, 100 injured in blast outside #GulshaneIqbal park in #Pakistan's #Lahore

Huge suicide bomb in Lahore, Pakistan park, where Christians were celebrating Easter.

Blood is needed in jinnah hospital, lahore.Spread the word so that frnds and families in lahore can donate.

Fanatics marauding #Islamabad, jihadists raining death on #Lahore; #Pakistan remains under siege from within

situation is getting worst with each passing minute mob set blaze on a metro station lahore explosion what's cooking ?Martial law

PM Modi condemns Lahore blast: At least 53 killed.  #til_now #news #DNA

#NEWS Ary news Headlines 27 March 2016 , Bomb Attack In Lahore Gulshan Iqbal Park - Duur: 9:57.: Ary n  #ATTACK

What happened in Lahore is really sad. Hope Muslims do not see backlash for the act of a few extremists. My heart goes out to them.

Lahore stay strong.We are all in the midst of this war together.These terrorists vs humanity.

At least 55 people are dead and more than 100 injured after a bomb blast rocked a park in Lahore, Pakistan on Sunday

Explosion At Park In Lahore Kills At Least 20

UPDATE: Attack in #Lahore targeted Christians celebrating Easter holiday at Gulshan-e-Iqbal park. Local media saying as many as 53 dead.

Suicide blast kills at least 40, injures over 100 in Lahore park - The News International: The News Internatio

Zard e Azb needed in Lahore and Punjab

I saw on the live stream of VRTthey wrote about the Lahore tragedy..

Prayers for those suffering in Lahore. Heartbreaking that evil would strike even on such a sacred day.

Pakistan blast kills 56, injures hundreds in Lahore: officials  #LahoreBlast

No beds for injureds in Lahore Hospitals but  Billions of investments on Metros  Oranges by Shareefs

Pakistan: 53 killed in blast outside a #Lahore park 70 Ladaku Viman kaam nahi aa rahy ab,rong Run Niti Teror Khilaf

Lahore Bleeds+Islamabad under attack = Terrorism+ MullanGardi .#LahoreBlasts  #Pakistan

Facebook just asked me if I'm in Lahore, Pakistan  Odd geo-location but just crushed to hear of yet another bombing. A PARK!?

Protests going on in Islamabad against execution of Mumtaz Qadri and a blast in Lahore.

An explosion at a park in Lahore, Pakistan, has killed at least 50 people, officials said March 27, reported.

Over 30 Killed, 100 Injured In Suicide Blast In Crowded Park In Lahore: A suicide bomber killed at least 38 pe

UPDATE: A deadly explosion near #Lahore in #Pakistan has killed more than 50 ppl  injured 200 according to police.

Deliberately targeting  taking the lives of civilians is,  always will be, inexcusable. Our thoughts are with #Lahore.

Please donate blood if you are in Lahore

#RAWbleedsPakistan Lahore has bled today. Will Mian Sahb now speak against RAW terrorism finally?

#Pakistan - At least 38 dead, 100 injured in #Lahore apparent Suicide bomber blast.

why is the bombing of the park in Lahore hardly covered on the news?? where's the media coverage on this smh

Heart breaking scenes in Lahore. What a tragic day. Please donate blood and help all victims1/2

And while India fights it out against Australia, terror strike in Lahore.

@highlight

56 killed, 300 injured in suicide blast outside Lahore park in Pakistan.

