BREAKING NEWS: #Brussels airport evacuated, reports of two explosions

FUCK YOU ISIS. YOU'LL NEVER WIN. RIP THE INNOCENT BRUSSELS VICTIMS

Explosions in Brussels airport  metro closed, eurostar trains cancelled #CNN

WATCH | Shots were fired before explosions: Eyewitness at #Brussels airport

There are now more explosions being reported at different Metro stations#Brussels

let's wait how many lost their lives at Metro station #Brussels

Military evacuating people and securing Brussels metro after new attack #vrtnieuws

F their allah! So sick of this evil scum! #IslamIsTheProblem #Brussels

Explosion at airport in Brussels, Belgium -- reports of deaths.  We'll be LIVE shortly

All metro stations in #Brussels #Belgium closed following explosions at the airport  #Travel

Boy, Brussels is doing great fighting terrorism.#Brussels #Belgium #brusselslockdown

BREAKING: AP reporter says several people injured in explosion in Brussels Metro near EU | via

David Cameron has spoken following the attacks in Brussels

Just in: working with the police, following the blasts at #Brussels airport and metrostation

Seeing reports of explosions in Brussels's train stations now. This is quite sad.

The live page for the Brussels incidents has the latest news and pictures:

#Brussels update: All metro stations and airports closed |All flights have been cancelled

RT: :BREAKING NEWS: Up to 10 dead in Brussels airport blast - media. Updates -

So,  how lobg will we hear the usual apologists telling us how Islam is a peaceful religion? . #Brussels #Bruxelles

BREAKING: 11 dead, 20 injured at #Brussels airport explosion - reports

My heart is with you #Brussels . I'm so chocked how some people can do this to others.

Sky News sourcing Belgian media: Explosion at Brussels airport was a suicide blast.

#Brussels #Zaventem airport and metro attacks 'kill at least 13' - Belgian media

Cameron 'Shocked' By Brussels Explosions  ^SkyNews

You are 100% right We should blame the Brussels bombing on Buddhists.

News AP Reporter: Several People Injured in Explosion in Brussels Metro Near EU

Following what's happening in Brussels - hoping that those injured will recover and sad for those that died.

Brussels Explosions: Witnesses Tell Of Chaos  ^SkyNews

This is the moment people ran for cover after two explosions at #Brussels Airport

Watch live from Brussels Zaventem airport as 'explosions' heard: Watch live scenes from Brussels after   (Telg)

BREAKING: Reports of explosions at #Brussels metro stations after blasts rock #Zaventem airport

Brussels just stay safe, everyone.

KT McFarland to FoxNews:This is from years of looking the other way on radical Jihad Muslim activity#Belgium #Brussels

Belgian fire service tell local media there are several dead and wounded at #Zaventem airport

Two explosions heard at Brussels airport. Belgian media reportseveral people injured.

Latest Brussels Belgium death toll:10 dead

Reuters: BREAKING NEWS: Up to 10 dead in Brussels airport blast - media. Updates -

Heathrow Airport 'working with police' after suspected terror attacks in Brussels

Brussels attacks at airport and in city. Planning and coordination is obvious.

Reports says explosions now heard at #Brussels metro station close to EU institutions.

Our thoughts go out to Brussels at this tragic time

RT: :#Brussels #Zaventem airport blast:- Report of explosion at metro station- Two explosions at Zaventem terminal- 1 dead and

Emergency number set up for Brussels blast  ^ITV

#IsraelNewsStory Report: 2nd explosion at Brussels metro station:

Deadly Explosions Rock Zaventem Airport In Brussels: More

Brussels airport main terminal after two large explosions. At least 11 people dead, 30 injured.

prayers go out to brussels! I'm speechless honestly when will this cruelty have an end

All flights canceled at #Brussels airport following deadly explosions.

strange when you consider how crucial Brussels is

I liked a video from  Is Brussels Airport Bombing Linked To Turkey, Ankara?

WSJ:  People being evacuated from Brussels Airport.

Is Brussels Airport Bombing Linked To Turkey, Ankara?:  via

Dear friends and loved ones in Brussels Standing with you and sending prayers!!!

Shocked by the news in Brussels. Thoughts are with the families affected. So sad.

'Up to 10 dead, 30 wounded' after Brussels airport blasts  #itvnews #itv #news

Suicide attack appears to be cause of Brussels Airport explosions

Dramatic scenes from Brussels Airport explosions this morning

Departures hall at #Zaventem airport in #Brussels following the blasts

People of Brussels stay strong and united

Hey Brussels is under attack by RADICAL ISLAM!!!!!! How's you vacation going???

Latest from #Brussels: An explosion at a city subway station has injured several people

BostonGlobe: #Brussels update: Security has been stepped up at travel hubs across Europe

Twin blasts at one dead, several injured #Brussels

Flanders News: Terror threat level raised across Belgium to 4, highest level, after explosions in Brussels.

Sebastian Gorka 2 FoxNews:Brussels Belgium = hot bed of radical extreme jihad Muslim activityResidents expected an attackWont be last 1

Belgian public broadcaster VRT saying #Brussels airport bomb was suicide attack. #Zaventem

BREAKING: #Brussels airport bomb was suicide attack - Belgian V//t.co/9Q3gkTzHPR

RT: :Breaking News: Explosions at the Brussels airport have killed at least one person

BREAKING: Firefighters report 11 dead and 25 wounded in #Zaventem airport explosions

Shocked and saddened to hear about terrible events in Brussels. My heart goes out to those affected.

Metro explosion timed to coincide with #Brussels airport blast? This is really bad news.

Second blast spotted at Brussels subway close to EU buildings, all subway stations ordered to close.

13 dead, 35 injured and 2 explosions at the Brussels Airport and there have been explosions at the Brussels subway as well. #PrayForBelgium

The Telegraph - Video shows people fleeing from Brussels airport 'explosions'

Wasn't the Paris terror attacks suspect captured in Molenbeek, #Brussels ?

Just in: working with the police, following the blasts at #Brussels airport and metro station

#Brussels Fire Department tells NBC that there have been at least 4 explosionsat different metro stations

bombing in Brussels, can't enjoy this now

LIVE: Brussels airport bomb was a suicide attack, #Brussels

Remember #Abdeslam was hiding in #Brussels for more than 4 Months, he was not on Vacation there.also 4 of his Cell are on the run.

Feel sick in the stomach for the innocent victim's #RIP to those tragically killed.  #Brussels

The warped, murderous dogs of #Islam, once more bring their evil to our streets. May they rot in hell. #Brussels.

Three explosions in Brussels now?Horrific, but the cynic in me wants to start the Conspiracy Theory timer.Fucking vultures.

We are live blogging the twin explosions at Brussels airport here

Officials: At least 1 dead in Brussels airport explosions: BRUSSELS        (AP) -- At least one person wa  (AP)

Explosions at airport #Zaventem. Don't go to airport. Keep roads open. Priority government: Help victims  security

jeez it's unreal London Madrid Paris Brussels too much all of it

Now leading Terror in Brussels: Explosions rock city

BREAKING: Bomb at #Brussels airport was suicide attack according to VRT (Belgian public broadcaster) -

Thanks Taz! Getting ready now. Also watching Brussels. Stay safe today. It's a crazy world out there.

My thoughts with all in #Brussels today as this terror unfolds

UPDATE: 3 suicide belts found in Brussels airports - reports

Breaking: Brussels airport is being evacuated after two loud explosions - we'll be reporting more on this soon

i'm literally flying over brussels this friday

Breaking News At least 10 dead and 30 injured after #Brussels airport explosions: hospitals

Shocking news from #brussels airport this morning. Thinking of all the families going on Easter holidays.

i'm absolutely gutted about what happened in Brussels, please stay safe. x

VIDEO: Aftermath footage of the #Zaventem airport bombings -

just pulled some other idiot up for same thing. Posting video from 2013. Spreading hate and lies. #Brussels

Death toll at Brussels airport is now 10 Killed

RT: :Explosions at the Brussels airport have killed at least one person

All state-run museums closed across Brussels following explosions at airport, Metro station -

@highlight

Second blast spotted at Brussels subway close to EU buildings, all subway stations ordered to close.

@highlight

13 dead, 35 injured and 2 explosions at the Brussels Airport and there have been explosions at the Brussels subway as well.

@highlight

All flights canceled at Brussels airport following deadly explosions.

@highlight

Suicide attack appears to be cause of Brussels Airport explosions.

