will never understand how people can dedicate their lives to hurting other people. you have my heart pakistan. #Lahore

#Punjab_Government totally failed to make sure the protection of the people of Lahore. #LahoreBlast

The attack in #Lahore is awful. A public park full of children. Just sickening. My heart goes out to all affected.

So the Lahore Delhi bus now leaves from Wahga border instead of Gulberg like it used to before. That's ridiculous.

BBCBreaking: Pakistan Taliban faction says it carried out bomb attack in Lahore that killed at least 60 at a park

Maybe too early for some. But Lahore attack has been orchestrated to destabilise Nawaz as well as push Paki Army to take a hardened stand

First thing DCO Lahore did right after the blast is to deny this.

My father was terrified bc that bomb in Lahore was near his house  and he's over here, he can't do anything

Pakistan attack: 65 dead after suicide bomber strikes children's play area in #Lahore. Devastating.

I know Bernie Sanderd My friend Girl and Her Family lives in Lahore Pakistan.I am Praying for All Pakistanis! Saira Familyok

70 killed, 300 injured in Easter blast in Lahore -  via

Death toll rises to 63 after suicide blast in Lahore, Pakistan, police say.

Pakistan blast kills 56, injures hundreds in Lahore: officials  via thanks

Death toll rises to 65 after bomb attack in Lahore park:

Why only SouthPunjab? Sharifs are infesting Islamabad  Lahore Main Hub/HQ of Terrorism need eliminating immedtly

Explosion heard in Iqbal Town area of  Lahore. Police investigating the nature of the blast.

Facebook bug causes Lahore Safety Check notifications to be sent to those unaffected via

Please donate to charities like the Red Cross/Crescent helping cities like Lahore, Iskanderiyah  Aden treat their wounded  aid refugees.

Deeply hurt and saddened by the ghastly attack in Lahore.Prayers go out for the innocent.May they find a better place than this .

The Easter suicide bomb attack in a Lahore, Pakistan children's park has killed more than 50 people thus far.

I was sleeping , Modi told me about bomb blast in Lahore : NawazSharif #PTI #pmln

Pakistan: dozens killed, scores injured in Lahore blast

Sane people of the world, Unite!We have EVERYTHING to lose if we don't!#Lahore #Anonymous #OpTrump #OpAnything

My heart aches do the people of #Lahore #Pakistan. #LahoreBlast #PrayForPeace

65 killed and 300 injured in a children's play area in Lahore. A children's play area. #PrayForPakistan

Scores killed by suicide blast in Pakistan's Lahore  - Sunni Takfiri Islamists target Christians

My heart is heavy with sadness for those who lost their lives in #Pakistan's city of #Lahore today. #Love #Peace

We need to put a stop to groups like ISIS  Al Qaeda before we lose more more people  lose all faith in humanity #Lahore and  #Brussels

Over 69 killed, 300 injured in suicide bombing in Lahore

The Latest: Death toll rises to 65 after bomb attack on Easter Sunday gathering at park in Lahore, Pakistan:

It's sad that the media barely show anything about the Lahore bombing today where more than 60 people died. my heart goes out to Pakistan

Blast in Lahore, Pakistan appears to be a suicide bombing of Christians during Easter celebration  by

My heart goes out to the people of Lahore, Pakistan. I wish the hate would stop.

Lol look at BBC news talkin bout white people and their boat races but won't talk about Lahore

The hashtag Hum Lahore Hain means We are Lahore. Its for the people who dont understand Urdu or Hindi.

PM Nawaz cancels UK visit after deadly Lahore attack: ISLAMABAD: Prime Minister, Nawaz Sharif has cancelled hi

Update: At least 65 people, more than 280 injured in suicide bombing at a park in Lahore, Pakistan WHY? Explain

Taliban group claims responsibility for Lahore blast - Mar 27 PM ET

2 dead, 15 injured as an explosion takes place in Gulshan Iqbal Park of Lahore.

Where's outrage?Deadly bomb blast hits public park in Pakistan's city of Lahore  via

The Telegraph - Pakistan terror attack: 65 dead after suicide bomber strikes children's play area in Lahore

#IntelligenceBrief Lahore. Tomorrow and the coming week. Ahmediya vs Sunni violence brewing..

#LahoreBlast 70+ killed and 200+ injured as #Suicide bomber targets CHILDREN'S Park in #Lahore #PakistanMadness !

A sad day for mankind, a painful day for Punjabis. Pray for Lahore.

65 dead, 300 injured in #Lahore, mostly women  children enjoying the park  #PrayForPakistan

Lahore Blast, Islamabad Unrest, Karachi Press Club Burnt, Indeed it is a black day for Pakistan!

Urgent Appeal: Need of O positive and A Positive blood in Lahore hospitals #LahoreBlast

U.S. Department of State issues statement on Lahore, Pakistan park bombing

From the Libs: Photos From Pakistan Show The Tragic Aftermath Of Deadly Lahore Bombing

56 killed, 300 injured in suicide blast outside Lahore park in Pakistan.

Pakistani Taliban faction claims responsibility for Lahore blast, an attack aimed at Christians celebrating Easter

#TheHindu #India Lahore attack: Modi calls Sharif: Prime Minister Narendra Modi telephoned Pa  #News #IndiaNews

Inhuman, the killings of anyone. But targetting children makes you the lowest of low creatures. #Lahore

Taliban claims responsibility for deadly bombing in Lahore, Pakistan

Photos From Pakistan Show The Tragic Aftermath Of Deadly Lahore Bombing: A suicide bombing at Pakistan  (HufPo)

Horrible news about suicide attack in beautiful Lahore. Reports of at least 65 dead.

Retweeted ABC News #Pakistan suicide bomber strikes public park in #Lahore, at least 65 dead

PM calls Pak PM Sharif to express his deep condolences at the terrorist attack in #Lahore: Vikas Swarup, MEA spokesperson

People confused by Safety Check messages after blast in Pakistan  #LahoreBlast

Between Lahore and losing her darling Little Dorrit, this Easter has a lot of sad :( I will console myself with hollandaise

#Sindh Govt declared a day of mourning on Monday in the wake of #Lahore terrorist attack. #LahoreBlast

Statement by NSC Spokesperson Ned Price on the Terrorist Attack in Lahore, Pakistan: The United States   (WH)

#news #world 60 dead in Pakistan blast: A blast in Pakistan's southwestern city of Lahore has killed five peop

Shocked to see terrorist attack near #children's playground at public park in #Lahore #Pakistan. Sincere condolences

Bomb blast in Lahore.Qadris all over Islamabad. Total chaos. Wtf man heartbreaking

#Taliban's Easter Day Attack against #Christians in Lahore #Pakistan kills over 60 mostly children, wounds 300#CNN

That's how life was in Lahore this afternoon.#LahoreBlast

Christian Easter celebrations targeted in Pakistan suicide bombing: Lahore, Pakistan, Mar 27, 2016 / 02:  (CNA)

Huff Post: Photos From Pakistan Show The Tragic Aftermath Of Deadly Lahore Bombing  #p2 #topprog

An explosion in Lahore, Pakistan has killed at least 56 people on Sunday

#PrayForPakistanA bomb in Lahore, about 20 mins away from my family's house. I'm glad they are safe

Maybe someone will. Maybe someone from Lahore will and that will be the next Je Suis Charlie sending a message out. I hope so.

There should be a special place in hell for those who target women and children #Lahore

An explosion in a Lahore park has killed at least 65 people and left hundreds wounded.

How long must we go on living like this? #Lahore

Fountain pens, books, Pakistan affairs does that to me.. Oh, your take on Islamabad, Lahore ?

Punjab chief minister announces 3 days of mourning following blast in Lahore, Pakistan - Express Tribune

Taliban faction says it carried out attack at Lahore park  #news #Hindu

What is going on with the world. A suicide bomber strikes a children's play area in #Lahore  #PrayForPakistan

Lahore. And every other atrocity where brown/black-skinned people have died.

Pakistani Christians targeted by Taliban suicide bomber at a public park in #Lahore

My thoughts go to the people of #Pakistan who are going through the tragedy of #Lahore. We need to stop terrorism.

Terrible images from the #Lahore bomb blast today. City seemed calmer after so many violent attacks in previous years.

COAS directs intelligence agencies to commence operation, find out those behind Lahore killings

Facebook activates safety check feature following Lahore suicide bombing  #itvnews #itv #news

#BREAKING Possibly 100 or more DEAD in #Lahore, #Pakistan. Large terror attack. #LahoreBlast kills many. Evil souls. It's #EasterSunday.

BREAKING: Pakistani Taliban faction tells AP it's responsible for an Easter bomb attack in a Lahore park that killed 60, wounded 300

BREAKING NEWS: Taliban Faction Claims Responsibility For Deadly Pakistan Blast -

A suicide bomber has killed at least 65 people and wounded more than 200 in Lahore, Pakistan

Retweeted Nemesis Arcady this is #Lahore park in normal day, place full of children,full of

COAS holds security meeting after Lahore attack

70 killed, 300 injured in Easter blast in Lahore  #news #timesofindia

Everyone please keep #Lahore in your prayers. There are at least 69 people dead due to the suicide bombing from earlier.

Visited Model Town Park in Lahore this afternoon. #Lahore

While we celebrate Kohli's knock, let's also spare a thought for Lahore blast victims

Heart dies when your own heart bleeds with sadness and you feel a terrible loss in your Life. Lahore we are with You

you ever read the news? #Paris #Brussell #Lahore Islamic terrorism.

At Model Town Park in Lahore this afternoon. Only a few families at the time because it was really hot.

homicide. Homicide bomber is more apt. #Lahore

China News- Explosion at Park in Lahore, Pakistan, Kills Dozens

PM Modi calls Sharif expresses grief over Lahore attack: New Delhi, Mar 27 (ANI): Prime Minister Narendra Modi

@highlight

Over 69 killed, 300 injured in suicide bombing in Lahore Park, which public park full of children in Pakistan.

