Belgian crisis center confirms two explosions, several victims at Brussels airport: BRUSSELS (Reuters)  (Yahoo)

BREAKING: At least 13 people killed in explosions at #Brussels airport, subway station, Belgian media report

#BREAKING: #Brussels transport authority said that it has decided to close all public transport in the city

STIB-MIVB: Bus, tram and metro services shut down across Brussels

'10 dead' after Metro blast in Brussels  ^ITV

'#URGENT TERRORIST ATTACK Photo: A person on the ground outside #Maelbeek station in Brussels '

Eyewitness and news photos and videos from Brussels blasts on Facebook -

News Officials: At Least 1 Dead in Brussels Airport Explosions

RT: :BREAKING NEWS: 13 dead 35 severely injured after Brussels explosions:media. Rolling updates

IMPORTANT: Brussels mobile networks are getting saturated. Please contact through data messages: Facebook, WhatsApp, Twitter. Avoid calls

I will be chairing a COBRA meeting on the events in Brussels later this morning.

CNN Int. Brussels subway station also attacked!

#Maelbeek subway in #Brussels  explosion confirmed by spoxwoman of Brussel Transports. Near EU offices

How many times has Trump mentioned Brussels in his speeches? So many times! People have to wake the hell up!

List of phone numbers for embassies in Belgium. #brussels

CNN reports new explosions at the Brussels subway in addition to the explosions at the airport

At least 13 people killed  35 injured in #Brussels attacks - Belgian federal prosecutor

13 reported dead in #Maalbeek #Belgium highest #RedAlert in Belgium Airport shut down all public transport shut down

Omgod,scary,,so sad,,,,Brussels is Heart of Europe,,American Airlines was under Attack Cnn reporting,,!!Wow,,

I am at a loss of words to respond to what I'm hearing in #Brussels except to say it's terrifying #Pray4Brussels

Belgium, Brussels especially, was a de facto jihadist sanctuary for 25 years. So mostly safe from attack.Crackdown begins, so do attacks.

Terrible news this morning. My thoughts are with everyone in #Brussels

Thinking of the people of Brussels and desperately hoping my dear friends who live in Belgium weren't coming home for Easter today.

Second blast spotted at Brussels subway close to EU buildings, all subway stations ordered to close.

Terrible news in Brussels. Thoughts are with them.

Brussels airport explosions: Multiple explosions rock airport and metro stations: reports

How many innocent Muslims will have to be slaughtered before YOU realize we are all not the same. #Brussels

Brussels bombings: Irish student describes 'stampede' and panic in Brussels airport: An Irish student on  (Ind)

If muslims are responsible for ths attack in #Brussels Then surely non muslims r repsonsible for attacks in Pakistan Turkey n other areas.

LIVE STREAM from #Brussels airport following deadly explosions

#BREAKING At least 13 dead, 35 injured in Brussels airport blasts: Belgian media

Paris attacks suspect Salah Abdeslam captured in Brussels raids  #NLU

Brussels is you, Ankara, and you are Paris, and Paris is Nigeria and so on. All attacks and ensuing senseless deaths are equally deplorable.

BREAKING: Multiple attacks in #Brussels. City on lockdown; Explosions heard at airport departure desk and Metro station

Report: 13 dead, 35 injured in Brussels Airport explosion, Belgian broadcaster V//t.co/Y4azYPFLmr

Any kitty pics floating around? Could use some after following awful events happening in #Brussels x

The Latest: Witness says 'blood everywhere' at airport: BRUSSELS        (AP) -- The Latest on explosions at Br

News= At least one killed, several injured at Brussels airport explosions

#breaking #news Photo: A person on the ground outside Maelbeek station in Brussels -

so #brussels #terror #attack at the #airport?hmmmmmm !!!!!!!!!!as previously quoted all false flag attacks are perpetrated by the elites

heartiest condolence to #brussels. Stand strong with solidarity.

Latest reports suggest 13 dead, and 35 severely injured following explosions in airport and station #Brussels

Hard day for #Brussels. Another 4 explosions in metro.

Brussels in Chaos Amid Apparent Terrorist Attacks: News reports from Brussels say three explosions have rocked

#Brussels: an attack against our civilisation. We have no choice but to win.

Stock markets fall after deadly blasts in Brussels

High alert issued at all airports in India following explosions at #Brussels airport and metro stations.

An explosion was reported at a metro station in Brussels after two explosions rocked Brussels Airport

Jezz,  Europe is suffering with Suicide Bomb attack. Pray for #Brussels

UPDATE: another explosion reported at a subway station in Molenbeek, #Brussels. ALL metro stations are closed.

Events in #Brussels are SO sad right now! #PrayForBrussels #PrayForTheWorld

I am extremely concerned for all caught up in unfolding events in Brussels. Solidarity with emergency services  those affected.

Twin blasts at Brussels airport kill at least 10

Report: 10 dead following explosion at Metro station in Brussels - Belgium news organization Het Nieuwsblad

Brussels Airport terrorism fears: 11 dead, 30 injured amid explosions at terminal -

Brussels airport Live stream  Via

Explosions rock Brussels airport, subway; at least 1 #dead - Mar 22 AM ET

Muslims population must be screened before entering the EU, Brussels is the prove of that failure. They want a Islamist world and destroy us

Brussels attack is result of Babri Masjid demolition.

Live: Deadly explosions rip #Brussels airport, metro station

Eurostar says train services are running following #Brussels explosions

Washington Post - Brussels subway company closes all stations after smoke detected close to EU headquarters

Thanks Charlotte, I have friends in Brussels.

Emergency services at the scene of explosions at Zaventem airport near #Brussels, Belgium

If you are in Brussels now start calling your loved ones if you are OK to avoid hysteria

Brussels in lockdown after explosions rock airport and Metro: Brussels is in a state of panic and lockdo  (Ind)

The Latest: Witness says 'blood everywhere' at airport: The Latest on explosions at Brussels   #TheArkOfTwitter

Outrage after Facebook doesn't turn on Safety Check feature for Brussels

Authorities report more undetonated homemade bombs have been discovered within the #Brussels airport terminal.

#IsraelNewsStory Watch: Broadcast from scene of Brussels airport attack: Two blasts went off at an airport in

Passengers evacuated from metro in #Brussels after explosion at #Maalbeek station. Latest:

And of course the Drumpf supporting assholes are capitalising on Brussels

All public transport closed in Brussels following blasts

#Brussels transport authority says has closed all public transport in Brussels

Thinking of everyone in Brussels at this moment x

News The Latest: At Least 1 Death Reported at Brussels Airport

Explosions hit Brussels airport, one killed: Belgian media: Explosions tore through the departure hall of Brus

All public transport in #Brussel is closed. Metro and train stations closed. Stay where you are. #zaventem

I live 1 hour away from Brussels but still this is just fucked up

Btw HOLY FUCK THE IMAGES ROLLING IN FROM BRUSSELS LIKE NO???

#TuesdayofHolyWeek have a nice day, so sorry about Brussels victims.

BRUSSELS:Suicide bombings at airportBombings at Metro stations13 dead, 35 severely injuredLIVE BLOG:

Something has to change !!We cannot live our lives in fear. #Brussels

Suicide attack appears to be cause of Brussels Airport explosions.

Oh well that's one follower gone. People photographing and RT people dead in #Brussels. This is undignified and shameful. Compassion

BREAKING Reports of SECOND Metro explosion in Brussels after airport suicide bomb

Donnie, you'd better ask Corey where Brussels is

Brussels bombing My guess. Turkey did it.

Euronews says three unexploded IED/explosive belts found in #Brussels airport

13 dead, 35 injured and 2 explosions at the Brussels Airport and there have been explosions at the Brussels subway as well.

MORE: At least 1 suicide bomber behind explosions at Brussels Airport, Belgian public broadcaster reports.

Eye-watering dipshittery to try and link the deep tragedy of Brussels to EU debate. WTactualF? Think before you tweet, you fuckwits, think!

Update - Gatwick Airport says it has increased security following attacks on #Zaventem Airport and #Maalbeek Metro Station in #Brussels

Reports FoxNews:Belgium Brussels shut down all PUBLIC transit, told folks 2 stay put where they areAfter 2nd attack on subway metroWTF

We will fight for the right to live in freedom.   #Brussels #FightTerror #Belgium

Brussels Zaventem airport and metro attacks 'kill at least 13'. Sorry to hear. We are at war and time we fought back

Heart goes out to our brothers  sisters in #Brussels. Devastating!

All flights canceled at Brussels airport following deadly explosions.

Attack in Brussels.. horrible! My support to the victims. And God help the people there. #Bruxelles

10 people have reportedly been killed in the blast at #Maalbeek metro in #Brussels

Farage in Brussels apparently and Galloway already blaming the West. The disingenuous gang at work already.

Latest Brussels Belgium death toll:10 dead34 injured

#Brussels blasts:- Two explosions at Zaventem airport- Blast at Maalbeek metro station- 13 dead, dozens injured

Multiple explosions are being reported across Brussels

@highlight

Second blast spotted at Brussels subway close to EU buildings, all subway stations ordered to close.

@highlight

13 dead, 35 injured and 2 explosions at the Brussels Airport and there have been explosions at the Brussels subway as well.

@highlight

All flights canceled at Brussels airport following deadly explosions.

@highlight

Suicide attack appears to be cause of Brussels Airport explosions.

@highlight

Another explosion reported at a subway station in Molenbeek, Brussels. All Bus, tram and metro services shut down across Brussels.

