BREAKING: Up to 10 dead, 30 wounded in Brussels blasts: Belgian media citing medic

Thoughts and prayers to those who have died and their families, and those who are injured during the attacks in Brussels.

Explosions hit Brussels airport, 1 #killed - Mar 22 AM ET

WATCH LIVE from Brussels Airport

Belgian media say an explosion has occurred at a metro station in #Brussels near the European Union headquarters

Update: At least 11 dead, 20 injured at #Brussels airport explosion

Explosion has gone off at a Metro station near the EU buildings!! Brussels

#If David do somethinh wrongThey said that david is badNot his religionIf Amjab did something wrongThey blame Islam for it #Brussels

These are the scenes from inside Brussels Airport following two explosions

Sending peace all the way to Brussels. The world is shocked by what happened Enough with this madness already #FightTerrorism

#BREAKING: Brussels transport authority says all metro stations in Brussels are now closing:

Army has been mobilized to airport and across city in Brussels.

Mollenbeck,Brussels is known as Jihadi Capital of Europe. 11 dead now.

MORE: Airport now on lockdown, train service to the airport has been suspended #Brussels #Belgium

'It was chaos, it was unbelievable' witness describes moment he heard two explosions at Brussels airport

Second blast spotted at #Brussels subway close to EU buildings, all subway stations ordered to close. #brusselslockdown

Pakistan News 11 dead in Brussels airport blasts: media

Explosions heard at Brussels airport: Belgian media  ^France24

Explosion at #Brussels metro station close to #EU institutions: Belgian broadcaster RTBF - reuters

#BBC Casualties in Brussels airport blasts: Two blasts rock Brussels international airport, causing an   #World

Reports shots fired and Arabic shouted before the explosions were heard. #Brussels #Zaventem

At least one dead in Brussels airport explosions  #NLU

#BREAKING #Belgium raised terror threat to highest level following #Brussels airport attack

Washington Post - Two explosions detonated at Brussels airport

'Several dead' in multiple Brussels explosions - latest updates:

Live: Brussels airport rocked by two explosions  via

via Explosions hit Brussels airport, one killed: Belgian media  #UFO4UBlogEurope

Update | European airline, travel stocks fall sharply after #Brussels blasts

Another explosion heard in metro station near EU building  #Brussels

Condolences to all the victims and their families in Brussels, shocking news coming from there #Brussels

Deadly Explosions Hit Brussels Airport

Our thoughts are with the people affected by the tragedy in Brussels.

More Explosive Devices Reportedly Found in Brussels Airport / Sputnik International

Seem like attacks in both Brussels International airport and metro station near UN facilities. Also reports of FAKE CCTV footage beware.

PHOTO: Damage inside #Brussels airport main terminal after two large explosions -

There are reports of two explosions at the airport in Brussels, Belgium, according to CNN affiliate VTM.

Sincerest condolences to the citizens and the Government of Belgium  #Zaventem #Brussels

Two big blasts rock Brussels airport, 1 dead, several injured: Media reports: BRUSSELS: Explosions tore   (ECT)

BREAKING: Reports say there's been another explosion at a metro centre in #Brussels.

Images have emerged following two loud explosions heard at  Brussels airport

ABC News - The Latest: At Least 1 Death Reported at Brussels Airport

I hate to say I told you so but fuck you #refugeeswelcome people, you are responsible for #Brussels

To keep it short: #Brussels getting a taste of Afzal Guru-wali Aazadi.

#BREAKING: Unconfirmed reports of an explosion at Maelbeek metro station in #Brussels, close to the city's EU institutions

now look at what is happening at Brussels airport. 2 + 2 = Jihadist

I am shocked and concerned by the events in Brussels. We will do everything we can to help.

Making all efforts to confirm status of staff, guests. Preliminary info says the Jet Airways aircraft in #Brussels safe: Jet Airways (ANI)

BREAKING: Photo from inside #Brussels airport

Today is going to be a very sad day. My thoughts go out to the people of Brussels

Follow our continuing coverage after #Brussels explosions Latest pictures from airport:

UPDATE: At least 1 death reported at Brussels airport following blasts

One dead, several injured after blasts at Brussels airport - Belga

#Brussels #Zaventem airport blast:- Report of explosion at metro station- Two explosions at Zaventem terminal- 1 dead and several injured

Reports are coming in of another explosion at a metro station in Brussels.

My cousin has just emailed from Brussels and says at least 11 dead. Terrible.

IMAGE: Flights being diverted away from Brussels airport

BREAKING Two explosions at #Brussels airport just before 8 AM

timesofindia: #BREAKING | After twin explosions at airport, blast at #Brussels metro station reported

RT: :UPDATE: Explosion at Brussels metro station close to EU institutions: Belgian broadcaster RTBF. More -

Seems shots were fired at security ahead of explosions in Brussels Airport

BREAKING: Brussels closes subway after explosion reported at #Maalbeek station

Sky News: Belgian media reporting shouts, shots fired before explosions at Brussels airport -

Shocking news from #Brussels two explosions at airport third at a Metro Station.Best to follow

Simultaneous attacks in #brussels targeting the airport and train station. #Explosion #Belgium

Additional blasts in Brussels.All public transport halted.

Explosions rock Brussels international airport; at least 1 dead  #LosAngelesTimes #latimes #news

At least one person killed, several wounded after explosions at Brussels airport | Fox News -

Breaking News: Belgian media say several injured people in Brussels airport departure hall. Rail traffic to airport suspended.

Washington Post - Media: Explosions heard, smoke seen at Brussels international airport

I'm just glad he's not in Brussels. Phew!

Hospital source saying up to 10 dead, 30 wounded after #Brussels explosions, says Belgian broadcaster RTBF: Reuters

Explosions hit Brussels airport, 1 dead and several injured: reports

Explosion at #Brussels metro station close to European Union institutions after twin blasts at airport

I hope everyone in Brussels is safe at the moment.

Passengers outside a Metro station following third explosion in Brussels today

PHOTO: #Brussels airport after two bombs go off -

[ #Luiis_3x ] Explosions At Zaventem Airport In Brussels Leave Several Injured: At least one per  [ #Luiis_3x ]

RT: :Breaking: Two explosions forced the evacuation of the Brussels Airport around 8 a.m. today

Deadly explosions rock Brussels Airport: At least 3 reportedly killed in blasts inside main terminal bui  (cbs)

BREAKING: Several dead at Brussels Airport: Belgian public broadcaster RTBF. More updates -

Reports 11 dead and several injured after explosions at Brussels Airport. Latest coming up

via Turkish Airlines plane diverted to Liege after Brussels explosion  #UFO4UBlogEurope

#BREAKING: Explosion reportedly heard at #Brussels metro station close to EU institutions:

UPDATE: Explosion at Brussels metro station close to EU institutions: Belgian broadcaster RTBF. More -

Photo reportedly from outside Metro station where third explosion has taken place in Brussels.

All flights in  out of Brussels airport have been cancelled.

UPDATE: Explosions reportedly heard at Brussels train station

Turkish Airlines plane diverted to Liege after #Brussels explosion  via #UFO4UBlogEurope #Belgium

Images coming from the explosion site #Brussels

#BREAKING: Brussels Airport evacuated after two explosions. More to come. #sun7

My thoughts and prayers are with those in Brussels today. When will this madness end?

#Brussels airport blast update: Official says all flights canceled and flights being diverted

3rd blast is at 50m away from Europe union Parliament in #Brussels ,

Explosion at Brussels metro station close to European Union institutions - RTBF via Reuters

LATEST: Shots reportedly fired before fatal explosions rock Brussels airport

Several dead at Brussels airport terror attacks.#Brussels #brusselsairport #RIP

Central station in Brussels also evacuated.  Attack on Metro station and main airport.:

'Up to 10 dead, 30 wounded' after Brussels airport blasts  ^ITV

All metro stations are closed in Brussels

Washington Post - Explosions reported at Brussels airport

@highlight

Second blast spotted at Brussels subway close to EU buildings, all subway stations ordered to close.

@highlight

Brussels airport main terminal after two large explosions. At least 11 people dead, 30 injured.

