Was about to board my flight to BRU, now my hands are shaking. Praying for Brussels.

13 dead, 35 injured and 2 explosions at the Brussels Airport and there have been explosions at the Brussels subway as well.

Torygraph's as Denis O'Brien's lackeys do hereusing Brussels' victims for politicking on #brexit!

Heart goes out to people of Brussels in face of carnage, created by cowards.

No cos I have translated straight from English to p*$$ you off ! Now go away people are dead in Brussels

Reports FoxNews:Brussels Belgium shut down all PUBLIC transit, told folks to stay put where they are and to get out harm's way((WTF))

Passengers evacuated=metro in #Brussels after explosion at #Maalbeek station.   cc

Saturation of 1771. Soon to be solved. Follow this page for info. #Brussels Via

oh my god Brussels :( everyone stay safe please

2 blasts at Brussels airport, many dead and wounded..

Belgian media: the total death total of airport + metro attacks has reached 23, expected to rise with time. #Brussels

All metro stations are closing, the Brussels transport authority said. Live updates on the attacks in Brussels:

Another explosion reported at a subway station in Molenbeek, Brussels. All Bus, tram and metro services shut down across Brussels.

This aerial view shows how close the metro blast was to the EU buildings in #Brussels

Trump warns against being soft on terrorismhe's right.#Trump #CNN #brusselsairport #Brussels #GOP

British PM David Cameron will hold a special cabinet meeting later this morning to discuss Brussels situation.

Brussels blasts: BBC TV coverage

Thoughts and prayers go out to the people affected by the explosions in Brussels

Retweeted The Boston Globe #Brussels update: Injuries after explosion at city subway station

AT the airport departurehall plus explosions at multiple subwaystations in Brussels! #Brusselsattack

Washington Post - EU personnel in Brussels told to stay in office or home in wake of airport blasts

Paris attacks suspect Salah Abdeslam 'was planning Brussels attack' when caught

BREAKING: #Brussels airport bomb was suicide attack - Belgian V//t.co/K4TvXDk4h8 via

Shocked and appalled by these utterly horrific events. My thoughts are with the families affected. Stay safe Brussels.

My thought and prayers are with the people of Brussels

please realize that u shouldnt blame a whole religion for what some sick individuals have done spreading hate is NOT the answer #Brussels

Thoughts are with the family's of those caught up in this awful attack! #brussels

Officials: At least 1 dead in #Brusselsairport explosions | Brussels Airport

At least one killed following two explosions at Brussels Airport: Local media: At least 13 killed in explosion

OMG! I just heard the news out of Brussels. How awful

Europe's biggest airports step up security with armed police patrols after Brussels attacks

At least ten dead in Brussels Metro blast: Horrific scenes as second terror attack hits packed stati

Latest Brussels Belgium death toll:23 deadcountless injured

my two belgian friends dont live in brussels but im still worried abt them :/

timesofindia: .GulPanag's husband part of the #JetAirways crew that landed before the blasts at #Brussels airport

horrible news to wake up to, my thoughts are with everyone in Brussels #PrayForBrussels

Thought and Prayers go out to the #family #friends of those hurt and to the people of #Brussels during this time

All flights canceled at Brussels airport following deadly explosions.

Just collateral damage to the liberals.They will keep pushing forward their agendas, no matter how much blood is spilled. #Brussels #Islam

Kiev security service SBU accused Russia in Brussels blasts

reporting 13 dead, up to 35 severely wounded, numbers expected to rise in Brussels.

NEW: US Embassy in Brussels recommends sheltering in place, avoiding all public transport.

Brussels Iz One of Tha Places During Iraq war That Concerned Me Most For Being Under Seige Way Back Then

spreading hate creates more hate we should be sending our love and support in this horrible time #Brussels

Jan Vertonghen and Simon Mignolet express sorrow in wake of suspected terrorist attack in Brussels

Local media say explosions took place inside #Brussels metro carriages

NEW: Brussels closes down all public transport following explosions.

WOW, Brussels is Heart of Europe ! heartbreaking, so SAD ~!! Praying..this is Scary !! Many Explosions, Airport,  Metro.

this is shocking, I can't believe this has happened. my thoughts and prayers are with those affected by these horrific attacks #Brussels

UPDATE: 13 people have now been confirmed dead in Brussels.

Deepest condolences to the victims of the Brussels attacks today. Absolutely heartbreaking. Prayers for #Brussels

At least 23 dead after 'suicide bombers' attack Brussels Airport

i'm watching all these pics from there and i feel physically sick i'm so in shock this is so heartbreaking my prayers go out to #Brussels

Eurostar: No trains are currently running to or from Brussels Midi. Brussels customers are advised to postpone, and not come to station.

BBCWorld: What we know so far in #Brussels attacks Live updates:

Shh, quiet everyone. Today is all about George! #Brussels

Second blast spotted at Brussels subway close to EU buildings, all subway stations ordered to close.

Damn. Stay safe, people in Brussels.

Deadly explosions rock Brussels airport, subway station

sending prayers to you in Brussels from #agawam #Massachusetts

Inside Brussels aircraft maintenance buildings. We wait  #brussels

Hmmmm I just wonder what the terrorist yelled in Arabic before they blew up the airport ?  Fine you one guess. #Brussels Wake up Utah

Security increased at London's Gatwick airport following terrorist attacks in Brussels

BREAKING: Belgian authorities formally classify #Brussels explosions as terrorist attacks

VIDEO: Eyewitness describe Brussels blast

My thoughts go to all those worried by or affected by what happened, and is happening in Brussels and Belgium

#TRUMP WAS RIGHT AGAIN ABOUT TERRORISM. #BRUSSELS   #AMERICANS ARE SICK OF MUSLIM LOVERS LIKE YOU.

Very shaken and frighten.Terrorists attacks here in Brussels.

Reuters - Global stocks fall, gold and govt bonds rise after Brussels explosions

I'd like 2know why #Brussels is under attack. Are these Revenge Attacks for the innocent people that USA/UK/EU bombs killed?

#news Brussels explosions: Here are the helpline numbers to seek information  #til_now #DNA

GRAPHIC PHOTO: Man is wounded in Brussels Airport after explosions

LIVE: Rolling coverage of the deadly explosions that rocked #Brussels this morning

Brussels: Local reports say death toll has risen to 23

What We're Following This Morning: Deadly explosions in Brussels: Fatalities have been reported in the blasts

Brussels explosions should inspire Europeans and Americans to strengthen alliances, institutions. Isolationism makes each one of us weaker.

Newsweek: Brussels airport blasts: What we know about the remaining Paris attacks suspects  via NewsweekEurope

Images show scale of destruction at #Brussels Zavantem Airport

LATEST:-Explosions occurred at Brussels airport and subway station-At least 13 killed-Metro and airport closed

we were just there. I don't even know what to say anymore. praying for those lost and affected in Brussels

So disgusted by humans. How can we be so stupid and cruel to each other? #Brussels

#BREAKING At least 21 dead in Brussels airport, metro blasts: firefighters to AFP

Explosions rock Brussels airport, subway; at least 13 dead: Explosions rocked the Brussels airport and  (Yahoo)

Brussels explosions: Up to 13 dead in terrorist attacks on Zaventem airport and Metro system - live

Suicide attack appears to be cause of Brussels Airport explosions.

Brussels attacks: Security lockdown as blasts rock city  ^ITV

Erdogan made Brussels bomb threat March 18, happened March 22 - is #Turkey directly involved in #Abdeslam network?

ABC News - EU Personnel in Brussels Told to Stay in Office or Home in Wake of Airport Blasts

This has nothing to do with IslamYet in past 30 days23 Islamic attacks in 22 countries1018 people killed2008 people injured #Brussels

says no trains running to or from stations in #Brussels after #Zaventem airport  #Maelbeek metro attacks

All EU institutions are at alert level orange; all meetings cancelled following Brussels blasts -

Waiting for the ISIS to go WASWAS happy news.. #Brussels

Just talked to an eye witness at the Brussels airport, where he witnessed more than 20 ppl taken out on stretchers #CNN

Eurostar services to Brussels postponed until further notice

Indian Embassy's helpline in Brussels :+32-26409140  +32-26451850 (PABX) +32-476748575 (mobile) Pl RT

AQ/IS doing what they do best: use terror to divide societies and create hatePraying for people of #Brussels and praying for common sense

#Brussels airport has tweeted an emergency contact number for those worried about friends or relatives.Call 02/753.73.00

Game over Ted Cruz. Trump will go on to win GOP nomination. #Brussels

Eurostar announces trains not running to or from Brussels Midi station - Guardian

I'm very upset by events in Brussels today and even more depressed for the future.

#Brussels explosions latest in string of terror attacks on Western Europe

At least no one will be able to call those who were suicide bombed in #Brussels racist Islamaphobes. That is what truly matters.

BREAKING: Brussels bombings toll rises to 23

Brussels' telephone system overwhelmed; public advised to use text messages or social media instead.

This was a jihadist attack at Brussels Airport. You can confirm that now.

Brussels on alert after multiple people #killed in airport, subway explosions - Mar 22 AM ET

@highlight

Second blast spotted at Brussels subway close to EU buildings, all subway stations ordered to close.

@highlight

13 dead, 35 injured and 2 explosions at the Brussels Airport and there have been explosions at the Brussels subway as well.

@highlight

All flights canceled at Brussels airport following deadly explosions.

@highlight

Brussels airport bomb was suicide attack.

@highlight

Another explosion reported at a subway station in Molenbeek, Brussels. All Bus, tram and metro services shut down across Brussels.

@highlight

British PM David Cameron will hold a special cabinet meeting later this morning to discuss Brussels situation.

