Hurricane Patricia makes landfall on Mexico's Pacific coast with 165 mph winds.

The NHC reports that #Patricia made landfall as a category 5 hurricane.

Monster Hurricane Patricia Makes Landfall in Mexico: The category 5 hurricane hit Mexico this evening.  (ABC)

//homophobic slursIt was proven in a study that people don't take female named hurricanes as seriously.

Y'all trolls are so ugly for making jokes about hurricane Patricia

15,000 tourists evacuated in advance of Hurricane Patricia: Photo Gallery View   #TheArkOfTwitter

Hurricane Patricia, One of Strongest Storms Ever Recorded, Slams into Mexico: Hurricane Patricia, one of the m

Hurricane Patricia makes landfall on Mexico's Pacific coast

Mexico Braces for Hurricane Patricia: 'Strongest Storm Ever Measured' | Common Dreams | Breaking News  Views for th

Hurricane Patricia.expected to be the strongest on record--it never #rains,but it #pours..had a long warm dry Summer

Christ.  More Incredible NASA Photos of Hurricane Patricia

It's a Hurricane and her name is Patricia

National Hurricane Center: Hurricane Patricia, off coast of Mexico, has increased in strength to Category 5

FS1 thinks hurricane Patricia is gonna hit Kansas City lmaooooooooooooooo

being in hurricane patricia I am thinking about everyone effected by this storm and I hope everyone stays safe,wishing you the absolute best

4 h The beach at Manzanillo, Mexico, as Patricia nears land - Instagram's yeto26sanchez via

Please pray for those in the path of Hurricane Patricia! May the Lord watch over and protect those in it's path.

Hurricane Patricia slams Mexico's Pacific Coast as Category 5 storm with 165-mph   #EMM

It took 8 YEARS for New Orleans to recover from hurricane Katrina imagine how much more it will be for Mexico with Patricia with an 8.3

A Beginning List Of The Best Resources For Learning About Hurricane Patricia ( Hurricanes In General

My prayers goes to the people in Mexico being affected by Hurricane Patricia!

Hurricane Patricia weakens to a category 4 storm  #itvnews #itv #news

See Hurricane Patricia's treacherous winds in Mexico: A viewer sent CNN affiliate KTRK this footage of Hurrica

EXCLUSIVE: Footage of Hurricane Patricia wreaking havoc across the west coast.

Wind gusts 235 mph. Hurricane Patricia, Mexico.

Patricia tops list of world's strongest storms: Hurricane Patricia is the world's strongest hurrica  (USAtoday)

Hurricane Patricia before it made landfall in Mexico via  #FailingTheHonest

Seriously Mexico and Philippines need more than prayers, need help and to acknowledge climate change is real and destructive. #Patricia

Breaking: hey America Hillary Clinton is the new OJ. #benghazihearings #Benghazi Adele #patricia #HurricanePatricia democrats

Hurricane Patricia is now a Category 4 storm:

CNN: Hurricane Patricia weakens, but still 'extremely dangerous'  #Mexico #HurricanPatricia #wx

None of these are from the hurricane. Stop whoring for retweets

How did Hurricane #Patricia grow so powerful so fast?

Strongest Hurricane on Record: Patricia Hits Mexico Threatening Millions

RT: :Hurricane Patricia is downgraded to Category 4. More live updates:

CHART: By Any Measure, Hurricane Patricia Is A Monster

Pray for those in the path of Hurricane Patricia.  Tough and dangerous night in Mexico.

Chicagoans organize to help Hurricane #Patricia #victims - Oct 24 AM ET

Hurricane Patricia: The strongest hurricane ever recorded is about to hit Mexico  via

#Patricia remains dangerous as it pushes inland, later re-igniting the Texas flood threat:

Hurricane Patricia batters Mexico as one of strongest storms ever: PUERTO VALLARTA, Mexico (Reuters)  (Reuters)

BREAKING NEWS: Hurricane Patricia should be a 'Category 7' storm, says scientist, and here's why: Hurricane Pa

My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Mexico. Keep safe from Hurricane Patricia. #PrayForMexico

because whenever I read hurricane Patricia I think of that

A really bad storm in patricia and mexico

Hurricane Patricia struck Mexico's Pacific coast as a potentially catastrophic Category 5 storm on Friday

A look at deadly Category 5 hurricanes that made landfall: Hurricane Patricia slammed into Mexicoapos;s   (AP)

Hurricane Patricia: Important Links and Contacts for Tourists, Residents

Flood threat from Hurricane Patricia: Parts of Mexico are at risk of major floods and landslides after H  (BBC)

Jalisco governor warns citizens against Hurricane Patricia

Monster hurricane Patricia slams Mexico Pacific Coast

Visualizing Hurricane #Patricia's record-breaking winds.

Hurricane Patricia Strikes Mexico With 165 MPH Winds ~ 0

#News Patricia slams Mexico as Category 5 hurricane | Bangkok Post: news: Mike Anderson of Minnesota (right) f

Patricia slams Mexico as Category 5 hurricane | Bangkok Post: news: Mike Anderson of Minnesota (righ  #Thailand

Texas hit with heavy rains, reignited by Hurricane Patricia

Latest update from NHC takes the wind speed for Patricia to 100mph (Cat 2). Likely under hurricane strength by sunrise

Hurricane Patricia still Category 2, hours after landfall in Mexico, hurricane center says.

#ABCNews Full Episode:  WN 10/23/15: Category 5 Hurricane Patricia Hits Mexico: 17 schools on lockdown   #World

Ladies and Gents: Meet Patricia - the Strongest Hurricane Ever Recorded. We are screwed the winter. #ElNino

So hurricane Patricia approaches from Mexico and may effect to #F1 race in Austin, Texas.

Patricia has made landfall in Mexico; thoughts and prayers will, by no means, be enough.

Patricia was a Category 5 hurricane, the fiercest, when it made landfall in Mexico.

#PrayForMexico Hurricane Patricia strongest Hurricane recorded in history

New post: Hurricane Patricia weakens after striking Mexico

#cyber1news The Latest: Patricia weakens as it moves inland over Mexico: The Latest: Patricia weakens as it mo

Where in Mexico are you flying to? Here's our travel advisory for Hurricane Patricia:

Hurricane Patricia weakens to Category 2 as officials warn of potential floods, mudslides

The Latest: Patricia Weakens as It Moves Inland Over Mexico: The Latest: Patricia weakening but still strong h

#ABCNews The Latest: Patricia Weakens as It Moves Inland Over Mexico: The Latest: Patricia weakening bu  #World

As Hurricane Patricia crosses Mexico and heads for Texas, wants to know where's her visa! #IllegalImmigration #tcot #p2

BREAKING: Hurricane Patricia weakens to Category 2 storm over Mexico - National Hurricane Center

#Hurricane Patricia slows, but still a serious threat to #Mexico

Hurricane Patricia Weakens to Category 2 After Hitting Mexico #USRC /ms

The updates on Hurricane Patricia have my stomach turning.. All my thoughts are with my family in Mexico right now.

QA: A look at Mexican coast in path of Hurricane Patricia: By JULIE WATSON Associated Press Hurricane Patrici

A look at deadly Category 5 hurricanes that made landfall: By JULIE WATSON Associated Press Hurricane Patricia

MEXICO OF SHIT, #Patricia is Iike Danijela Personalities. CRUDE without Compliments But NEVER A WEAPON IN THE HANDS.

I liked a video  Mexico: Hurricana Patricia - Strongest storm ever recorded wreaks havoc in Vallarta

BREAKING: National Hurricane Center says #Patricia rapidly weakening over Mexico, heavy rains continue VIA

Though weakened to a Category 1 hurricane, Patricia is still potentially dangerous.

Hurricane Patricia downgraded to Category 1, forecast to be tropical storm later this morning.

The Latest on Hurricane Patricia: Storm weakens to Category 1 as it crosses Mexico  Via

Hurricane Patricia, The 'Strongest Ever Recorded', Makes Landfall In Mexico

Hurricane Patricia weakens as it hits Mexico  #EMM

Photo: Hurricane Patricia weakens, still dangerous 14:

Hurricane Patricia downgraded to Category 1, forecast to be tropical storm.

Dont Panic. Patricia isnt like Priests of Humanity. Preach Good, Soil Bad. Patricia is the Anger only no A Killer.

COMING UP: Hurricane Patricia makes landfall. Full coverage live from Mexico:

Watch Nasa's International Space Station footage of Hurricane Patricia: Nasa's ISS captures footag  (Telegraph)

Top wind speed for #HurricanePatricia is much greater than Hurricanes Katrina or Sandy

How you can help children and families impacted by Hurricane #Patricia

Video: Hurricane Patricia weakens after hitting Mexico  #Globe #Mail #news

Hurricane Patricia, largest category 5 ever tracked, goes back to Tropical Storm as fast as it grew  via

Hurricane Patricia is a prime example that climate change is very much real. These storms are getting worse and

Hurricane Patricia is so strong, it's literally off the charts.

Hurricane Patricia weakens to tropical storm as officials warn of potential floods, mudslides

Hurricane Patricia Slams Mexico's Coast, Leaving Trail of Destruction, Chaos

#EVACUATE '#Patricia landfall This Afternoon, Mega-storm Patricia drenches Mexico as it weakens'

Hurricane Patricia weakens after landfall: Hurricane Patricia roared into southwestern Mexico then rapidly cru

Experts on Hurricane Patricia - this is the biggest storm ever recorded in the Western Hemisphere

WOW! #Hurricane #Patricia over #Mexico last night seen from the International #Space Station.

@highlight

Hurricane Patricia makes landfall on Mexico's Pacific coast with 165 mph winds.

@highlight

Hurricane Patricia weakens to a category 4 storm, forecast to be tropical storm.