sandy bout to throw salt in the game

My lil nephew say if hurricane sandy is sandy on spongebob kml

My sister goes into labor just as Hurricane Sandy starts to fuck shit up. The irony is not lost on me.

we might have a hurricane on tuesday wednesday -.-

There might be a hurricane headed our way. Had to stock up on provisions. #Coke #Moxie #EggoWaffles

Pressure gradient after landfall may cause massive inland wind damage -- TS winds to Great Lakes.  #Sandy

South Orange, Maplewood Prepare for Hurricane Sandy -

U heard about Hurricane Sandy?

awww shiet.. there's a winter storm/hurricane that might hit us.. nooooooooooooooooooooooooo

If hurricane sandy hits def having a hurricane party

Hurricane Sandy is Headed for the East Coast  #tcot #romney #obama

Great another hurricane probably spent at the firehouse

Yo watch out for Frankinstorm #sandy #hurricane lol i was dyinnnnn

It Is Time to Start Freaking Out About Snowicane Sandy  [Updated]  via

telling #Brevard #SpaceCoast students to check w/ to see if test postponed. #Sandy cancels school  other events Friday

Ok  so I heard no such thing about any hurricane until last period today . But everyone else seems to be an exper

No school tommorrow Yikes Sandy must be hitting hard. :-(

I'm hoping to get home in time to watch your forecast,I have been following Sandy on Twitter all day, like to see some maps

Obama gets briefing on Hurricane Sandy

Raul Castro Is Confident of Recovery after #Hurricane #Sandy  #Cuba

#Hurricane Sandy has made landfall over Jamaica  Cuba its forecast to affect the U.S NE coast affecting Halloween  election lead up

This hurricane we're getting is going to be interesting..

NYC: *Local News* hurricane sandy may hit NYC next week sunday. Winds expected 70-100 MPH. Mayer says there ma

I swear mine and Baileys locker looks like a hurricane went through it.. LOL #messylocker #homey :)))

Crikey look at that, looking bad for New York! Hurricane Sandy!

Great picture of Sandy teaching the strings about consistency of volume in pizzicati:

'Perfect storm' update: NYC in path as Sandy expected to morph into a monster

Hoping Sandy veers far from the Northeast. Seems a little early for meteorologists to nickname it Frankenstorm. #yips

This hurricane is going to make my life hell at work #dumbassstorms

is full of hurricane refugees lol thanx for the wifi!

glad to see you survived the hurricane. Hope the sun comes out for you soon!!

Bahamas don't want you Sandy ! Come back TCI !!

5 PM EDT Hurricane #Sandy Update: HEADLINE: Sandy near Cat Island in the Bahamas - the wind field is expanding/

sandy no voting in OH we win, w

Snowmageeon?  I thought a hurricane was the next weather freak out?!?

Halloween hurricane: Sandy could be a Halloween horror for the East Coast  via

Link Up TV: Tabanacle - Hurricane ft Don Jaga, Squingy  Lefty *USG*:  via

Look at  Sandy LoLo trying to sneak in our pic. #Weloveher #BmoreChicks

It's a hurricane goin on out here..

And hurricane hitting New York with heavy rain maybe snow. Yuck

Sandy is either going to hit hard or just drizzle. Hmmm predictions?

Sandy slams Cuba; 'high impact' likely in US Northeast:  /Batten down the hatches! And vote early! #Obama2012

Sandy don't f*ck up our weekend!!!

#southflorida Hurricane Sandy Cancels More Than A Dozen Flights From Fort Lauderdale Airport   #broward #miami

We are feeling the impact of Hurricane Sandy in Boynton Beach.  While we are planning on remaining open our

stupid hurricane Sandy coming here Tuesday .

How was your experience at LHM Ford Lincoln Sandy? Tell us about it on our Google+ Local page!

They cancelled School B/C of Sandy.

Yay hurricane prep when I'm sick as a hell! Eh I got time:)

Dear Lord, please have Sandy take a jog to the East. Really. Thank you.

Well..sandy jus reach a Mona

Here is your 5pm hurricane winds update

Friday at 2:00 p.m. my family might get 50-60 mph #SANDY

Nervous/scared. I haven't been through a hurricane in like 7 years! D:

Hurricane Sandy's effects on South Florida will be mainly a wind factor. #SanyOn6

Hurricane Sandy is crushing my plans for the Petrified Forest tonight. Grrr. Damn it, where's the wine?

A snowy hurricane the day before Halloween? I think I'll pass on that one.

NOT intended to scare the shit out of anyone: Hurricane hits New York- Animation:

#Sandy gonna hit the shore in the ristate area. So for the ones living close to the shore, y'll be careful.

The Hurricane Party Sunday:Hosted By Sammy,Music By Earth Wind And Fire From 10pm-Until !!!BYOB

Hurricane on the way - I got my Hurricane supplys. Ciroc and Cran. Oh my.. lol Forget about Batteries.

hurricane winds are like 150-200. R.I.P. all intelligent life on earth.

Can there not be a Hurricane in New Jersey or any where else, its sad to see how bad it affects some people  #mothernature #Sandy

Hey New Jersey, #Sandy needs a man and  my heart (unfortunately) is set on you. You're the one that I want. O,O, OO.

Make sure you take precautions for Hurricane Sandy.  That means secure all outside furniture.

When Wilma hit us, branches stacked up waist high on curbs, but trick or treating returned a sense of normalcy to our household. #Sandy

Praying for the fam back home that they can overcome whatever this hurricane throws at them

Apparently theres a hurricane coming to jersey on tuesday. Pshh hurricane sandy, i fuk yo ass up, quiuvo, no te metas con el rey chucha

For the latest forecast, advisories and map graphics for Hurricane #Sandy, bookmark this:

NJ gears up as Hurricane Sandy remains a threat - Ct Post  #connecticut

Hurricane Sandy is coming..I will have to lock the windows.

Wtf is this hurricane sandy ? I thought the Hurricane season was over

we gotta! we can't let sandy take her away

BEH FUCK SANDY AND THIS BREEZEINE BATHIN TIL THIS PUSH OUT BHE

what kind of school would make this girl do such a thing in a hurricane

Soooo as of right now we're going to get pummeled by hurricane sandy

My mom's a little scared for this hurricane #OverPrepared #Overreacting

Based on the current forecast track for Hurricane SANDY, we are not anticipating any hurricane force winds in the

I'm early voting on Saturday in Maryland before Sandy hits.

Hurricane Sandy makes landfall in Bahamas: NASSAU, Bahamas (AP) Hurricane Sandy barreled into the Bahamas on Thu

hurricane sandyy is making it pretty windy out

Hurricane sandy is coming straight for new jersey, of course

If God annihilates your coastal town with a hurricane, you are still obligated to raise seaweed left in its wake as your

Idgaf if we have this hurricane on Halloween imma be so drunk/high I won't even feel it. #JustSaying

HAR HAR HAR HURRICANE LLS SO FUN CANT WAIT HAHAHHAHA YAY OMG

Bring on this hurricane I got a load of candles I been waiting to burn

Look like sandy reach my way

Other people: OMG hurricane! Floridians: its raining with a nice breeze

Msm talking about hurricane affecting voting. Prelude to Obama suspending elections usurping the presidency? Seems they are playing it up.

The destruction is really bad in our Family Is. #Sandy is beating Cat Island dead bad right now. However,NO lives lost. Praise God. #bahamas

Al Jazeera Network Hurricane Sandy heads for the Bahamas: The Category Two hurricane has battered both Jamaica a

Really? This stupid hurricane had to happen at the beginning of a long weekend #wtf

this hurricane season been all outta whack i blame BATH SALTS

Hurricane Sandy better not keep u guys from FL

Some services changes will be in affect in Brevard County Friday as a result of Hurricane Sandy.

Not liking this hurricane sandy deal reminds me too much of Irene :(

Model Discussion #2 for Hurricane Sandy is now up. I do discuss the potential snow threat for VA/WV as well.

I hope they're exaggerating about this Hurricane Sandy!

nahh there's a hurricane comin fr fr

Mother fucking hurricane on Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday No school?

it's going to rain. We are going to be covered by a hurricane.

Miami .. Hurricaine Sandy is coming .. Hahahaa

sandy lame as hell i was let down! *teared yeye*

Be prepared!  For the latest forecast, advisories and maps for Hurricane #Sandy, bookmark this:

I hope this hurricane isnt bad

So now we are urged to get extra water and food for this hurricane? They have no idea if if will really hit us and and we have survived b 4

Do we need wine? I hear Candace is running a Hurricane special.(Man, she should teach a marketing seminar)

Are we getting some of the after math of the hurricane Sandy

did you hear there is a hurricane comming my way

Breaking News: Sandy on Path to Be East's Uninvited Halloween Guest

Hurricane Sandy targets US East Coast - Xinhua: The GuardianHurricane Sandy targets US East CoastXinhuaWASHINGTO

While still several days out, it is important to become prepared for a worst case scenario with #Sandy!

COMMODITIES-Corn slips; Brent oil up on Hurricane Sandy threat: * Brent bounces after 7 down days * Hurricane Sa

A hurricane's comingso my parents are staying on the boat #somethingisntright

Saw forecast for Sandy on weather channel - I swear Jim Cantore just said you are so fucked

Hurricane safety tip: Trim the trees and shrubs around your home so they are more wind resistant. #HurricaneSandy Share your tips.

Naples High's Friday football game against North Miami Beach ppd due to Sandy. Trying to reschedule

Ine gatta watch porn,i'll wait till sandy reach :)

I been waitinf for Sandy and her bitch ass all day - Thaliya

Jim my friends are vacationing in Puerto Rico and I wanted to know if  Hurricane Sandy is going to make contact there?

Bitch ass hurricane effed.up the trees

Technology best when u can follow a freakin hurricane!!!

Now we are caught in South Beach hurricane area

Non those cubans have even say something about the hurricane that blast almost the intire island of #CUBA

Debating on goin out in this weather Not tryin to get strukk #hurricane

Everyone living on the east coast needs to watch the weather channel..this hurricane is gonna impact the whole northeastern coast

So confused lol but whateverall I know is this nigga better make my tuna sandy bangin #grubbin

Apparently a hurricane is supposed to hit us next week? Hrm

Lol I don't feel too bad about this hurricane time. I shall enjoy myself.

dam! Thats tight though lucky atl rappers lol im in decatur on my way to have drinks in sandy springs o yea im out here derrty

Watch out kids, here comes HURRICANE SANDY!

Everyone please keep the ppl of Cuba in ur prayers as they recover from hurricane Sandy. Also 4 the safety of Florida resi

how are you suppose to go on a cruise during a hurricane

Hay Street niggas will put a plastic city market bag on they head n go out in this hurricane n kill everybody at the nearest BEC

Hurricane Sandy is expected for the same day as Meek's album release. Coincidence? I think not.

won't be able to see this tonight as I still have no power, thanks to Sandy!!!!

might as well tune into focus during this hurricane !

I'm waiting to show up during the hurricane

Would You Kill To Save A Life_ [One Piece AMV] Hurricane.mp4

My momma got me waab about this hurricane Sandy lmfao

I'm fine if that hurricane comes AFTER homecoming.

School better be cancelled Monday and Tuesday because of the hurricane

who make that hurricane sandy account? -_-

Who thought Sandy was a good choice for a hurricane name? #fired

I'm in da club hollerin'A bay bayA bay bayA bay bayA bay bayA bay bayHa but what happened to hurricane Chris ?

The latest pic of snowicane/frankenstorm: NASA's Terra Satellite Shows a Larger Hurricane Sandy Over Bahamas

Hoboken Prepares for Hurricane Sandy - There is a growing possibility that Hoboken and the region could be impacted

I love you cause you are a hurricane

Seriously wtf is going on with this hurricane this weekend.

eating snacks in the hurricane wishing my baby could be on the side of me

This hurricane looks like it could be really nasty. :(

Sandy expected to become hurricane on Wednesday, could impact the midstate next week |

There's goin to be a hurricane on Sunday night in New York can't wait:)

Last year erry1 was outside nah erry inside dis yearkmlll #sandy get erry1 hiding

Driving on the highway, at night, in a hurricane, and there's fog #imreadytodie

Oh boy it's blowing a hurricane out there!

Hurricane Sandy Information, currently its headed right for us in New England.

Stfu sameee and feeling the same about that hurricane..

Weather forecasts show Hurricane Sandy could strike Maryland | VIDEO: Mid-Atlantic, Northeast  #weather #forecast

Remember, rest Need bright eyes and bushy tails Sunday through Wed. Till #Sandy decides her will no stress!

Anyone nervous about hurricane sandy? Jon Cash has me scared with his predictions

thats 2 in like a week. Yo we might get a hurricane/blizzard hybrid next week

30327 Homes for Sale - Sandy Springs Homes - Sandy Springs Real Estate

Cool video of Hurricane #Sandy viewed from the International Space Station:

Real Bahamians, big hurricane going on and we partying KMFLLL

#news #world Hurricane Sandy bears down on US: Hurricane Sandy sweeps north over the Bahamas tow  #bbc #media #in

We're all gunna die in this hurricane

Its gonna be a hurricane next week

MEMA warned of a slow-moving storm that could bring 2 straight days of heavy rain  strong winds even if Sandy

Sandy Needs To Carry Ha Ass Back! Breakin Up Nassau.

Real tawk sandy gettin outa hand muhlawd-lori

hell ya sitting waiting for this hurricane that wont hit us. getting paid.

that's what's good. Imma be going dumb against sandy

The last time a hurricane/TS hit Baltimore (Isabel in 2003) my 9 year old was born. I have no spawn in tht area ready to be born in Sandy

hyype! hurricane parties are the best I vote your house Colin ;)

I wonder if Fidel Castro was among the casualties the AP reported from Sandy?

I hear hurricane Sandy and this is what I think of #90sgirl

Guess we're going to have our annual NE hurricane panic again #sandy

I will :) unless the hurricane kills me :///

#Edenton expecting windy, rainy weekend  1st of week.  Sandy predicted to bring 25 mph winds w/gusts to 45  2 -4 inches of rain Sat to Mon

Goes to New Orleans  East Coast gets hit with a bigger hurricane than you. Win

hurricane sandy is hitting sunday and there's going to be a full moon #nobueno

HAVANA (AP) - Cuban state media announce 11 deaths from Hurricane Sandy.

Dear mother nature, If hurricane sandy cancels y ring I will hunt you down and shoot you in the face. Love, Me.

mom mom and pop pop are coming over this weekend if there's a hurricane.

Tropical Storm Sandy is on her way to make impact on DC!

A few weeks ago, I was trying so hard to come home, but I needed to stay here this weekend. Now I have a hurricane coming this way #awesome

Man where Sandy, I ready to dagger ha next. Come for da jooks

Hurricane Sandy lashes Bahamas with wind and rain - Oct 25 PM ET

hurricane sandy's path according to the weather channel looks like a huge question mark

ALERT #20 ON HURRICANE SANDYISSUED BY THE BAHAMAS DEPARTMENT OF METEOROLOGY THURSDAY 25TH OCTOBER, 2012 AT 9PM

Shit is gonna get real on monday with that hurricane

I did but it was freezing I went before this hurricane got close

Then we go in the hurricane who cares

- Probably the last shelf could in #Chicago this season. Good luck with #Sandy!

Freaky coincidence: Hurricane Sandy is set to kick off my week of book launch events. And book 2 starts with the http

Oh hell no. Hahaha. Who the fuck names their kid Sandy?

Geeze - They just drew a line thru my house in Ocean County NJ - #Sandy

Current spaghetti plots for #Sandy  Remember how many went out to sea Monday? Not the European m

Models trending south some with Hurricane Sandy track, mid-Atlantic strike  - Washington Post (blog): The Gua

haha I was saying the hurricane named sandy better not get in my way of seeing Mikey on Monday lol

Sandy, thank you so much for favoriting our tweet! Jorge  SIMMETHOD performance Predictive Index and Success Metrics Database

Tropical storm Sandy has left bikini bottom.

will have an update on #Sandy in 15 minutes.  Plus police speeding investigation at 11 #Local6

The weather feels amazing even though we are experiencing a hurricane!

Experts predicting Sandy will make a historical pivot to the left, just weeks before election.  #Frankenstorm

Can I do activities with this hurricane coming?

Good night and seriously be safe from Sandy!  We don't want to have to send Tom Welling in to get you out.

Hurricane Chris is da dopest in da game, am I right or am I right?

Oh look, another hurricane. XD Fun.

Got plans tmm hurricane can come all it want Saturday

Hurricane Sandy, Winter Storm Hybrid Threatens New York, Delaware, Maine With Bad Weather - The Huffington Post

Hurricane Sandy is too basic for the east coast

The navy ships gotta go out cuz of thid bitch sandy ugh

First Irene and now Sandy? How many girls are after you?

Are we seriously getting a hurricane tomorrow tho? Or is it gonna be like Irene where nothing happens as usual..

Hey Randy how u and Sandy u oki hun?

Preparing for Hurricane Sandy. Milk, Bread, Frosted Flakes and Wine. Check. I'm ready.

I hope the hurricane sweeps u away rat lookin ass bitch

This hurricane is going to be a huge pain in the ass!

When is this hurricane shit suppose to hit

Great shot of Hurricane Sandy. She will close in on the De Valley Sun/Mon. Expect high wind, flooding.

Hurricane mixed with nor'easter may impact Canada:

My local news station is giving away generators in anticipation for #Sandy. shit just got real

Hurricane Sandy struck the Bahamas at about 21:00 GMT on 25 October.

Here is the 11pm advisory for #Sandy from the #NHC. The NHC has brought the track further West with this

It's looking more  more like Sandy will make landfall somewhere from VA up into NY Monday/early Tuesday.  We will start seeing effects Sun.

Hurricane Sandy a direct hit with NYC and Jersey on Monday #SMH.

hurricane on its way to NYC next weekenjoy the hail!!!

Hurricane Sandy struck the Bahamas at about 03:00 GMT on 26 October.

Calling it now that garnet valley does not have off on Monday if this hurricane is crazy

haha that's what my gma told me. Look like a hurricane out there

Hurricane #Sandy whips through the Caribbean (VIDEO)

!!!!WARNING!!!! Hurricane Sandy Headed for New York? -  via

Box Office Preview: Hollywood Expecting a Washout -- And Not From Hurricane : The film business is bracing it

Hurricane Sandy is supposed to hit us sometime next week. Hopefully classes will be cancelled.

Does your preparedness plan include your pet? Here are some tips --  #Sandy

Many people on the East Coast north of DC haven't ever seen a big hurricane, have no idea what it's about.

#FollowBack #fb #tfb Weakened Hurricane Sandy whips Bahamas after killing 21 elsewhere, will   #jfb #teamfollback

Looks like we have a hurricane abi tropical storm heading for the east coast next week

Hurricane Sandy is gon tap that ass.

0z #GFS at 120hrs Not looking good for NYC and New England. #Sandy

I remember the last time NYC got 'HIT' by a Hurricane. You all just laughed it off! Is this one really that bad?

I see we're prepping for this hurricane since we've got EAS tests going off now.

At work and hurricane Katrina has decided to hit and I have to paddle a lil plastic boat across a lake against it #workout

and never for a storm/hurricane before Not that those r ever rlly too big here cept on rare occasions

Gallery! Scenes from Sandy: Gallery! Scenes from SandySource: Gallery! Scenes from SandyMeer nieuws lees je in d

add sum Mayhem to that hurricane #NYmayhem will never be the same. #amazingmusicians #rockthat

#Google #Hot #Trend WWE 's Developmental Promotion Holding Event Friday Despite Hurricane Threat  #TeamFollowBack GTNews

I swear next hurricane season, maa full the truck wid battery fan, chargeable bulbs, inverter fi car and ice rich mi seh

lol yep, I've got a date with Sandy in Boca. Going to watch the boy play tennis :)

#Spongebob lesson #34572093485729487: Don't mess with a squirrel. Sandy will show you who's boss faster than greased lightning #teeeexaaasss

Hurricane Sandy has left the Bahamasand it's on a collision course with the U-S.

Thanks to #sandy the hurricane #southflorida is going to get good to #epic surf conditions on sunday, monday, and tuesday #happy #surfing

kinda worried that the hurricane is going to be a little more than i can handle :/

I live in the UK, Where is Sandy supposed to land in the States please ?

Excited for all the runners heading down to DC today  tomorrow. Hey, Sandy, don't rain on their parade!

Satellite Views of Hurricane AKA: #Sandy The #PerfectStorm of 2013. #GOD have mercy on us.

the events of this summer mek mi no like the girl tht read news on TVJ name Sandy Shippy #blah

Really just want 24/7 Hurricane Sandy updates at this point.

Hurricane Sandy sex will be nice at the moment !

Lynette's got the latest #Sandy track and when it will hit #Maryland.  Watch #GMM for the latest.  We're also live in #FL

Hurricane SANDY Wind Speed Probabilities - 0.5 Degree Multiple Basins (.shp): GIS Data last updated Fri, 26 Oct

The worst hurricane in over quarter of a century is hitting me shortlyit's all rock n rollif I go.Fuck itbring

JON!!!!! JOSH!!!!!!! SANDY!!!!!!! DAN!!!!!! the band behind the band #UANTOUR

Opps that hoes name is #sandy too early for twitter lol

OMFG A HURRICANE ON THE EAST COAST. ITS GONNA RAIN FOR 4 DAYS STRAIGHT

Something Wicked This Way Comes. A Storm that's Long Overdue  #sandy #frankenstorm

and other state agencies are preparing for Sandy. Details here:  #VASandy #Sandy #FrankenStorm

Tiny turtle displaced due to Sandy's strong surf

Hey I'm coming at you live from Miami beach! #extremeteam up and down the coast on #Sandy

Oh look, Sandy is cuddling with us! #hurricane

Just In: Sandy prompts tropical storm watches for NC coastline

There is a 70% chance of whininess this weekend due to two long days of classes interacting with hurricane forecasts.  #personalmeteorology

So much for KD this weekend, thanks hurricane sandy.

Models still goofy but going with Sandy coming into New Jersey early Tuesday as Cat 1 hurricane.

7am #Sandy Update: Model guidance still thinking landfall between MD/VA and Long Island. (cont'd)

Hurricane bullshit is more like it. I told those #idiots to sell the fucking beach house in Fair Harbor. Fucking dimwits.

I gotta ask Ginger, is your Extreme Team Jacket up to Hurricane weather??

Anyone wanna get trapped inside on my birthday during Sandy? This is going to suck.

Wonders if the Keys partied their hurricane asses off. Umm conch, crab legs, crayfish, calamari. Wait what time is?

Finna get all my Christmas money in the next couple days thanks sandy #fuckemweball

From the WV loop it appears there is some drier air being transported into #Sandy   How will that affect the dev of storm?

Stay tuned in to our Twitter account to get the latest news and updates about Hurricane Sandy in CamCo.

Whos ready for Frankenstorm?! This hurricane is going to be reckless(:

I miss you guys, too! Funny, I thought my hurricane days were behind me Re: Hey girl! We miss you in SOFL

This hurricane that's coming is going to be real, probably won't have school sometime next week.

you're welcome to borrow our hurricane weather people. it's the one thing they're decent at down here

'Frankenstorm' to ravage New England - Hurricane Sandy is a wolf in sheep's skin poised to assail New England at the

thanks--hoping the hurricane doesn't affect my plans.

Well, probably not an actual hurricane, but lots of wind and rain, yes.

Need to get at least one more ride in before Sandy ruins my trails. #hurricanesandy

RETWEET so Bethelites can follow and we will update as needed for #sandy

In the D.C. region, all eyes have turned south to Hurricane #Sandy

This damn hurricane better not cancel Salem or Homecoming for us

Read today's Carteret News-Times for the full story on Hurricane Sandy.

Can't go fishing this weekend becuase of Sandy.Come down to the Katherine Davis Park in Downtown Morehead City

The hottest ticket in 2012 for climbing lectures? Sandy Allan on climbing Nanga Parbat's Mazeno Ridge. RGS, next we

Look like Sandy may make its landfall in Ocean City, MD and could continue into Central PA. Time to prepare.

Part 2 - As #Sandy approaches surge  high waves are biggest threats and you see that front approaching the northeas

thank you!!! I can't wait to see this city rich in history!!! Just wish Hurricane Sandy would stay away until Tuesday

I do wonder. It's late October. Tropical storms need summer temps. The 50s-low 60s isn't exactly hurricane-encouraging?

Yay for #Friday! Here's hoping #Sandy doesn't wreak havoc on your weekend!

Quiet seas here for now, but look at current wave height near Sandy! Scroll down here for live marine obs too: htt

Dear Hurricane #Sandy: Fuck off and go away.  Sincerely, the entire eastern seaboard of the US

Hopefully this hurricane causes school to close

45-50 Tutors Needed!!: Calculus, Biology, Chemistry, Physics, SAT/ACT (Atlanta, Sandy Springs, Alpharetta): Varsity

Last year a blizzard, this year a hurricane, I give up on Halloween.

8AM update from the National Hurricane Center not much change from 5AM. Forward speed now NW   v

- they got a name for every hurricane lol

RT my yute can't spell hurricane?

8 AM update from the Hurricane center-Sandy as a Cat 1 Storm. Metro under cone of uncertainty for early next week!

Should I be worried about Hurricane Sandy coming towards us? We are sturdy NorthEastern peeps. It's just earthquakes that rattle us a bit.

Hurricane Sandy will affect the vote in the liberal Obama East Coast stronghold of Delaware,Maryland,New York,New Jersey,Mass,Vermont,Maine.

Morning Sandy girl!! A fab Friday to you! XO

heard we got a hurricane coming this weekend.. smh.

Be Prepared: LIVE HURRICANE CAM:  #Hurricanesandy + #skyfall = #frankenstorm stay safe!

I'm actually really excited about this hurricane.

Happy Friday! Looking forward to the cold front this weekend! Glad I don't live in FL still. This is late in the season for a hurricane.

Hurricane SANDY is coming along the coast :D

Malware 'Frankenstorm' Hurricane Sandy kills 21 in Caribbean - USA TODAY: IBNLive'Frankenstorm' Hurricane Sandy

This weekend's chores include hurricane prep.

hurricane sandy going ur way???

lol but what's poppin for the weekend ? Fck the hurricane

just seen/heard on weather channel: 'it could be the worst hurricane in the northeast in the recorded history of the usa'#bloodyhell #sandy

Sandy has arrived #PGTourney. Games washed out til at least 11:30. Bummed. [pic]:

If this comes over to OH on my wedding I'm gonna be so pissed! #hurricane #sandy #lame #storm #weather #pred

Best friend from college comes tomorrow, yay. Hurricane on the way, boo.

Just when it was getting good, Hurricane Sandy's gotta come and mess it up. Backup your data!

A fucking hurricane are you serious is laughing about it

ah, ok. Just that my dad's place on the Key always gets flooded #diosmio #sandy

What you need to know about #Sandy, New Jersey: Our QA about #Frankenstorm.

Why give hurricanes bitch ass names. Name that shit Hurricane Death Megatron 300 and I guarantee niggas be evacuating li

Haiti - Environment : Sandy, latest situation report by department -  Haitilibre.comHaiti -

Tips on what to do before during  after a hurricane or tropical storm -FEMA app  #sandy hmrd

Becareful all my loved ones out there in the east coast of U.S. Sandy is coming your way. Stay safe and keep your kids safe too.3

Yup hurricane sandy is coming. Doesn't look too pretty outside today BUT thank God I'm heregetting stuff done  having girls night later

Let me start the day by saying that I hate that people are calling this #hurricane a #frankenstorm

Blah, so dark and depressing outside. Bring it, Sandy.

Gooooooood morning ATL. What a gorgeous day. No sign of Sandy yet

So We Having A Hurricane This Week ? True True . Mhm . Ok.

Use arc map? use #smem? Combine the two thanks to ESRI's disaster team  #sandy #hsem #em

Oh no. They've already sent Al Roker out to Florida. Sandy is gonna be a big deal. #badnewsbears #stormsacoming

Tom giving a Sandy update in the morning meeting!

I hope we get a hurricane

Hurricane Sandy this made me laugh.

Hurricane Sandy could be a monster when it hits U.S. coast | 4:03 a.m.

Garfield's Grill  Chill - Hurricane Kitty's Pl:

Sandy crashed Tumblr too? D:

The storm surge from #Sandy will most likely be worse than Irene due to a different forecast track

JAMAICANS ARE FUNNY - YU SHOULDA HEAR MI A PRAY - HURRICANE SANDY Hurricane Sandy affects Jamaic  #video #hurricanesandy

Keeping an eye on #hurricane Sandy and crossing fingers she doesn't interfere with photo sessions this weekend.

Preparing to get a hurricane in the face. In DC. For Halloween. What is this I don't even.

Let the Speculation Begin: Which way is Sandy headed? The latest 'Frankenstorm' track  via

As we prepare to fight off the Hurricane in the Northeast here is some ammo to fight off negative feedback!

Shut in with my nephew and sister in law all weekend during the hurricane? I'm down. Bring it on frankenstorm!

Called the resort, power is on!  Hurricane is actually past them.

Get prepared for #Sandy, get the Hurrican App.

Lait+CornFlakes+Pain+Noodles+Eau+Jus ---- so, mka fon semaine anko #Sandy

The deck is now disassembled. Just waiting on the hurricane. #putmeinyogapantsandigetthejobdone

You know what? Sandy's a bitch! #prontofalei

Please keep yourself updated with information on Hurricane Sandy. Here are some tips: Listen to radio and

8 AM storm track of #Sandy. Just like the other 4 models show Sandy moving West.

Hurricane Sandy on the way:  Are you ready for some flooding and no power? I'm not. #rva

Own a #NOAA Weather Radio? If not, now might be a good time. Find the SAME codes U need to program it here:    #Sandy

Hey Residents! As some of you may know, hurricane Sandy is heading towards our coast. Make sure you keep yourself

I never thought I would experience my first hurricane after moving up North!

Agnes, Hazel, and 1933 rumble and blow on the pages of Great Storms of the Chesapeake  just sayin' we should pay heed to Sandy.

#Florida will feel Hurricane Sandy's impact as it moves north

Hurricane Sandy may be unprecedented - Washington Post (blog): Hurricane Sandy may be unprecedentedWashington Po

Good luck to the south Florida surfers with hurricane sandy

Please stay tuned for updates re Hurricane Sandy

#Middletown officials are meeting to go over #Sandy preparations. Talking about wind, rain, shelters, flooding.

Got my #Sandy shopping done. Did I overdo it?Head to  for a list of things you should pick up.

The Hurricane Center now siding with the EURO solution I've showed you from the beginning. It now shows a

am in Florida heading to Cuba, living Sandy :)

it was nice here yesterday too.  70's again today and a hurricane for Halloween.  Love Cuse weather

#Hurricane tip:Receive alerts, sign up  Stay informed through1700AM Not in the area? Keep up by calling415-655-0811

Hoping this hurricane doesn't ruin my weekend D;

If this hurricane b anything like her ass, it's gonna b BIG,  LAZY! that shit ain gon make no noise -_-

Ugh there taking down my fucking tent where I'm supposed to be getting married in I'm so over this .. Fuck you hurricane Sandy

Word is Sandy's gonna hit Long Island bad. Like where I'm at bad. Since I'm only 5 minutes from the beach guess I'll get my scuba gear ready

Are You Prepared to be Rocked Like a Hurricane?   via

Sandy may not hit us but  #Sandy approaches. Get family emergency plan, checklist for emergency supplies

BGE employees are stocking their trucks with supplies for Hurricane #Sandy. One way this is different than summer derecho, more of a warning

B/C of early voting I would give Obama advantage if it happens. Or maybe we need 2 wait so all ppl get 2 vote, if Sandy disrupts.

Storm surge out west was kind of a bitch #Hurricane Sandy

If Frankenstorm ruins Halloween I will find that bitch storm Sandy and kill it.

Hurricane all weekend SMFH please believe my azz gon b runnin round wildin

Gorgeous sunshine all week was just a tease: Sandy now pushing rain into the Triangle. #NCweather

To everyone thats in perimeters of Hurricane Sandy please stay safe!

Passing devon house and looking at all the downed trees and cyah believe that sandy was a category 1 /:

#Sandy reminds us to check our emergency kits: canned food, can opener, plenty of water, batteries, a flashlight, radio  pet items

Meow meow hurricane where will I stay? Where will I play? Meow meow #AcornSadness

I hope this hurricane don't be bad that we getting this weekend/ week

yeah the hurricane is creating a stir. No snow please my company is not ready for that train wreck yet

OC Monitoring Path of Sandy, Storm Updates Provided on Various Outlets - WBOC TV 16: OC Monitoring Path of Sandy

Why is everyone calling this hurricane sandy? Its a nor'easter stop freaking out!!

I urge every1 in her path 2 take Hurricane Sandy seriously.Wind does not kill as much as floods!So even if winds aren't h

With Hurricane Sandy coming towards the East Coast, prepare early - tips from the American Red Cross (

East Coast bracing for possible hit by #Hurricane #Sandy. FOX News Radio's reports:

Osceola Ag Tour a little wet today thanks to the hurricane #osceola #kempfer #hurricanesandy

Ruh roh! MT Frankenstorm is looking spooky in this early morning view as Hurricane Sandy intensifies

a fat ass Hurricane thats comin our way migth even have snow they sayin smh

Ugh hurricane sandy, could you NOT?? I'm supposed to take a fall foliage drive with my lady love this weekend.

Sandy wasn't bad enuh but if u look pon di banana trees tht fall..that would say otherwise

Try to enjoy outside before SANDY arrives and dumps rain on us!

Disney, Norwegian Ships Change Itineraries to Avoid Hurricane Sandy

if #sandy comes towards y'all EVACUATE!! i had 2 ride out hurricane ike  i'm still traumatized. good luck  God speed

lmaoo beh it was off from last night n sandy mussb done in jamaican or sumn !

Three page long agency email on hurricane preparedness. This is only making me want to stay home with some boarded up windows

This is why #Sandy will be dangerous. Models are almost all agreeing it will hit the east coast.

Check out my new twitter handle and follow our coverage on Hurricane Sandy.  #WavySandy

I'm bout to go and tour the island #sandy #Bahamas

So what is all this hurricane business and is it going to ruin Halloween?

Hhhhmmmm Delawareans - who is preparing for Sandy? I am thinking about grabbing some things today like water,

Sandy is heading our way.  Stay tuned for tips to protect your property.

I see Hurricane Sandy is heading towards the Bahamas. Boner.

You know you live in Boone when a HURRICANE brings SNOW. #fb

Anyone want to help me build an ark this afternoon? I'll be hitting the national arboretum in DC around noon with my chainsaw. #Sandy

Haiti: Flooding in the Aftermath of Hurricane Sandy: Haiti Libre reported that the the General Hospital in Les C

Hurricane Sandy or what?? Real threat or what?? #fb

BREAKING: hurricane forecast model says chances of sunny weather in NYC on Tuesday decrease from 78.5% to 75.7%. #trollin

Hoping #Sandy doesn't interrupt my travel plans thru Philly back to Boston on Monday!

Track the latest projections for #Hurricane #Sandy and and view related media  #Esri #SMEM #Frankenstorm

I have two guests to entertain, my french kid and this bith named #sandy

Running to Target on my break to grab some rations just in case Sandy decides to show her ass!

This hurricane Sandy is bout to be a bxtch shits nuts smh my moms bf got wrk cancelled all next week cuz how bad its funa be dammn

and I was having a really good hair day until the stupid hurricane decided that didn't need to happen. #longhairproblems

Hernandez owner. Cook or Keller? Does the weather/hurricane scare you with Keller?

I might not sandy ain't going to take me away #I ain't ready to die

estimates pwr outages in path of #Sandy in the 10s of mills. PREPARE NOW w/ur pets:

Hurricane relief continues: Despite a shutdown of schools  businesses, our #Haiti team is hard at work

Amazing how things look during the eye of #Sandy in #Abaco.  Waiting for 2nd round.

When #Sandy #Frankenstorm knocks the power out, keep your phone charged with your own kinetic energy.

Track Sandy here:  Unique and potentially deadly US landfall. - Chuck

Hurricane Sandy is gonna fuck. us.up. sigh* #2012

One thing I learned from Katrina -- don't be on that bullshit when a hurricane is coming your way.

#BreakingNews | Maplewood Officials Prepare for Hurricane Sandy |

so..i get to go home to a ginormous hurricane. -_- #justperfect

So scared of this hurricane right now

Developing: Update: #Virginia and #Maryland now under states of emergency ahead of Hurricane #Sandy

Looka Here Miss Sandy Girl Ain't nobody got time for your destruction so you need to have a smooth seat into a Tropica

Why Hurricane Sandy Could Be the Perfect Storm: You can call it the Frankenstorm, or the Snowicane, or  via

Hurricane #Sandy wont stop us! We're SouthBeach in support of PUMP IT FOR PINK Charity Fundraiser! Grab a #Mu

Met with our EOC team and our preparedness leaders including this morning to prepare for #Sandy looks like heavy rain+ wind

I work with meteorologists in my day job  they keep using the same words for #Sandy: historic, unbelievable, unprecedented. #hunkerdown

If you're on the East Coast, please take a look at this information for Hurricane #Sandy!  Rule number 1: be safe!

They're gonna make me wear a sailboat in a hurricane. I know it.

to all my friends in macungie stay safe this weekend and enjoy the hurricane!

Praying for my family and friends safety during hurricane Sandy!

might not have school on Monday if this hurricane is bad.

sounds about right What hurricane preparedness looks like in New York City.

Hurricane Sandy kills 21 in Caribbean, heads toward East Coast:  via

A hurricane is exactly what i want for my birthday next week #sandy

Gunna start to build that arc in preparation for the hurricane #bloomflood

#CDC Publishes Guide for Protection of Older Adults in #Emergencies  #Sandy

Hurricane Sandy better not fxck up my plans

#ReadingHarryPotter in 2005 while Hurricane Katrina was raging around me in South Mississippi.

Oh awesome Maryland is under a State of Emergency, this hurricane better not ruin my birthday !

Damn, Delaware is right in the bullseye of Sandy's land target point. This makes Saturday night's FC Halloween

Andreas used an Atlantic storm as example in his talk. They use almost 1400 pts of measurement in the storm. How many pts measured in #Sandy

I couldnt agree more, it is kind of ridiculous to use some name that isnt needed when it is called Sandy.

Beautiful day for a hiketaking advantage until this hurricane ruins my home

I bet Hurricane Sandy b/c it's coming up East Coast will get TONS of coverage nowbut Benghazi, none on network news.

UPDATE Sandy pounds Bahamas after killing 29 in Caribbean: NASSAU, Bahamas - Hurricane Sandy rage  #Bahamas #News

Hey Not Much Working Down In NC With School And Sports Hoping Sandy Doesn't Flood Everything Down Here

Dog of the Year competition, Hurricane Sandy, Eid al-Aha - Day in #photos:

lmfaoooooooo beyy yess dred kenya hurricane get together !

if I don't get to go to Virginia because of Hurricane Sandy, I'm gonna be pissed.

Not to take away from the seriousness of Frankenstorm Sandy, but  since she's not here yet  smile, it's

being evacuated bc of hurricane sandy today  I'm still voting! #dedicated #BTRForPCA

Im hype for this hurricane. Hope all my classes get cancelled

Tropical Update On sandy comes within the next 1 hour and a half-  Winn.

Wea Da hell dis hurricane cum from

But Romney canceled cause hurricane sandy is coming

advises residents to call 2-1-1 if they need shelter after the storm. #Sandy #News8TrackingSandy

ayeeeeeeeeeeee lmao shaking that ass for sandy

If this hurricane gets me out of school that would be the best birthday present I could ever get

WHAT? I don't want to go to school in a hurricane -_-

Love how the hurricane is missing tmmrw by 1 day #closeone

Hurricane Sandy is just another hype, like last year's hurricane Irene ain't shit gonna happen.

YO SANDY CAN SUCK MY DICK

Sunny skies at Disney World!  Just a little windy with the incoming hurricane, but still sunny!

That should have named that hurricane Jasmine so i could fuck up yall plans Ctfuuuu

Hurricane winds dying down :( time to go home

Thx for following, Sandy.  You are a true patriot.  Eleven days until we rescue our country!  God bless you

I hope #sandy doesnt bite too hard this weekend #praying

We are fortunate here. Wish I could be further up north to help after the hurricane.

My heart and prayers go out to the 21 bahamians that didn't make it due to Hurricane Sandy.

not yet, but probably soon. Right now, #Sandy is on track to come in around the Delaware Bay early next week.

I was wondering this morning about Sandy's immortal line potential, i.e. Stuck on stupid/Get the hell off the beach.

We're gettin 7 - 10 FT waves , flooding , 70 mph winds , and the eye of the hurricane . . FUCK THAT

For Hurricane Safety information and tips go to   for advice and tips //2820

Damn is this hurricane really going to be bad though ?

RT- NWSSanJuan: Showers and thunderstorms associated with the outer rainbands Hurricane Sandy will affect  #PRWX

Stay Tuned for Hurricane Sandy Updates

comes Sunday or Monday it should be drained out by Wednesday evening if it's like the last hurricane!!!

Snow here today too. But like you said. Sure beats a hurricane.

are you gonna cancel the halloween bash becasue of the hurricane?

#news Hurricane Sandy slogs toward US, kills 31 in Caribbean - Reuters: IBNLiveHurricane Sandy slogs   #idotdaily

Great.. There will be a hurricane in new york this weekend.. Basag trip

I can NOT fuck with no damn hurricane.. We don't have them shits in the 704 !

Jahmier said if it was a hurricane because of me it would be made of  bubbles sunshine  giggles  because im alw

I honestly thought that I left this hurricane stuff back home in FL. But now there may be snow involved. #TiffNotReady 4 #Sandy

Waiting on my boy to tell us that this hurricane is gonna take a right turn out to sea  Where's the good news Doug?

My Mom's name is Sandy.  If I were still doing nights, I'd call my Dad in New Hampshire and ask if he's prepping

Praying that hurricane sandy doesnt delay flights on Monday so I can still see Matt. I'd be super grateful for any extra prayers sent out :/

As Mayor of Roxbury, I'm declaring a state of emergency for Hurricane Sandy #politics

Hurricane Sandy, you're not ruining my Halloweekend #suck it #fairfieldbrosolutions

Rain continues from #Sandy along the coast. Track showers here:

#Hurricane #Sandy, dubbed #Frankenstorm, headed toward East Coast.  #wave3news

Tips on how to prepare for Sandy are online here -  . #Sandy #VASandy

#DC Police: For Hurricane Safety information and tips go to   for advice

Sandy gonna eff our bums. Stock up on oregano while you can.

MDA urges hurricane prep to include livestock, horses; reminds farmers to communicate with  Crop Insurance agent.

aim high. Evidently that darn Sandy Alomar beat me to the punch.

Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen Hurricane stops ya from g

Sandy was once a sweet girl till she became Frankenstorm  stock up on #wine, batteries  food that won't spoil

Mass. officials, power companies prepare for Sandy

As if running 12 miles tomorrow morning wasn't bad enough, suuure, let's throw a hurricane into the mix. #resistancetraining

Angel 34 Big Ticket Wing Bowl postponed due to Hurricane Sandy, new date coming soon.

i wish sandy cohen was my dad.

Hurricane Sandy? Uhhh people should be far more concerned about Hurricane Paul in Boston this weekend

Oct Surprise! Repubs engineer hurricane 2 dampen dem voter turnout in nrtheastrn voting stronghold!  Had to scoop dem conspiracy thry. Ha ha

Taking the Weekend off due to Hurricane.

Campaigning in NC today, urges New Jerseyans to get ready for Hurricane Sandy. He'll be home tonight.

Preparing for Sandy:  Water?  Check.  Flashlights and batteries?  Check.  Cupcakes?

WTF come like sandy just reach how this wind carryn on

Going to be one great weekend down here in Jax.  Come on Sandy.  We will take care of both you and them nasty gators! htt

#NEWCANAAN Town managers had a meeting in the EOC this morning to prepare for SANDY.

With the increasing likelihood of our region being impacted by some type of Hurricane Sandy, it is important that

MY JOB CAN CANCEL CHRISTMAS IF SANDY A BITCH!

Putting the over/under for hurricane Sandy sexual innuendo jokes at 1321.5.  I'll take the over.

This is how far #Sandy's tropical storm-force winds are expected to extend as it approaches the East Coast:

Francesca Ineedahug will have up to date LIVE coverage of #sandy

It's really gonna blow if this hurricane destroys all the roads/bridges they JUST rebuilt in the Hudson Valley again

so is Sandy still a danger to us living in Lake Buena Vista?

this hurricane comin is really startin to scare me !

It's better than a hurricane tho lol

Kind of wish I was with my gma for the hurricane though but God's got her!

After driving to work today, I can tell everyone is already in panic mode about Storm Sandy

Nothing better!! hoping this hurricane will cancel all classes for Monday.. #willthis

I thought you were talking about the tube in Londonthen I realized you meant hurricane

When I delete my tweets they don't delete off other people news feed? That's why it looks like I tweeted about Sandy a lot.

Hurricane Sandy is just the excuse Obama needs to start filling FEMA concentration camps, just before the election!!!

#Delmarva - Get your #emergency communications ready and charge your batteries. #Sandy #NetDE #Delaware

sandy carying on dead bad! all types trees and ish down through this corner

Does hurricane Sandy mean no work on Monday ?!

I just realized that I ate the last of my grown up non-perishables as Sandy approaches I can survive off of gummy snacks  peanut butter

BBL I gotta go buy some bottled water and a bit more canned food for my emergency supply. #Sandy

Hurricane Sandy is Making John Bolaris More Powerful Than You Can Possibly Imagine

Latest GFS model literally goes off the scale in intensity prior to a Long Island hit for #Sandy. (but, better for NYC)

Must go to store. Must prepare for sandy.

Not again. What is it with late October?-Hurricane Sandy A Growing Threat To Connecticut

Hybrid  and nor'easter, huh? Thanks to Sandy it's gonna be wet and windy  and mighty wavey  for a large

CAT 1 2PM HURRICANE  SANDY Winds 75mph gusts 95 Pressure 28.66R Moving: N 6  #TROPICAL #radar #news #wx #storm -

lls I'm sorry Sandy just made me mad lol

SANDY I hear will blow a ton of people lol Wide mouth and she swallows lol Coast line that is :p

Chirbit: [Audio] Cuomo on Hurricane Sandy Prep  recorded in Syracuse by a little while ago. #NYC #CNY #WNY

Last year we had a snow storm that knocked out power to more than 3/4 of the state  this year a hurricane tho?

I won't lie I'm kind of excited for this whole hurricane thing. There's just something about heavy rain.

New York City Sandy preparations, boarding up subway sidewalk grates on Broadway:

It's good to see so many folks preparing now for #Sandy. We should be just as diligent about #airquality in the #LehighValley and beyond.

Armstrong, lybia, energy, voting fraud, Hurricane preparedness = examples for your paper

no sandy deal wid the jingle session wicked when light come back mia shot all jingles an drop fi everybody

The hurricane coming hey sounds like it's going to be bad

Greetings n love I bring had a blast last night inside of Memory Lane, Sandy couldn't mash up the vibes and ppl in the house give thanks!!!

Halloween candy is on sale now because people are expecting to not celebrate Halloween. Thanks, Sandy.

Hurricane Sandy has taken a deadly turn. Up to 30 ppl killed. will tell us why this storm is so unpredictible #CTVNewsNoon

I guess we got another Hurricane coming our waybut no real signs till Sundaywell at least that's what the weather man said :/

Ditching this hurricane for the weekend I can smell it already #puremichigan

Watching this city prepare for a hurricane is like watching a 6th grader get ready for a senior prom.

JESUS CHRIST WERE NOT HAVING A HURRICANE SHUTUP IT'S CALLED RAIN

Everybody is loving the weather right now. Let's check back in 30 minutes when the baby hurricane hits!!

Storm Warnings  The same meteorologists tracking Hurricane Sandy connect such storms to climate change.

Hurricane Sandy could be the perfect Frankenstorm bringing a snowpocalypse:

so from where I'm sitting it looks like your mad Sandy

Everyone on the news is flipping out about this hurricane on the news should I be worried nah

HURRICANE WHO? the last #hurricane on #Nantucket ended up with this blog. #Sandy are you going to be the same? #hopeso

So tomorrow were running regionals in a hurricane around a horse field? #awesome #wheresmygun

Ton of news today: social security numbers hacked, Hurricane Sandy, bloods member arrested, CCU funding $92 mill Check us ou

LIVE: Mayor Bloomberg discusses city's preparations for Hurricane Sandy.

Hear all of my worries about Sandy in my commentary coming up at 3:12 on LISTEN HERE

definitely need to throw a fresh wax coat on the car before this hurricane hits

are u being evacuated in new jersey bc of hurricane sandy

Q FRIO ASE CON RAZON ES Q SANDY ENTAR A MI CASAAAAA

Storm is brewing!! It's getting really windy here. Hurricane sandy isn't far away!

Central, South and Peachtree Ridge Homecoming Afterparty! Oct27 $5 All Night! 100 Hurricane Shoals Rd Lawrenceville,Ga

I'm gonna get hit with Sandy and probably not be on thee internet for a week time to go get canned yams and gameboards

I hope this hurricane is not a scam like the other 1 was

SANDY UPDATE: Delmarva Residents Protected By Help Of National Guard If Need Be: In times of Emergency there is

hurricane sandymight close school monday and tuesday:) i hope !

Inside Sales- Closers - TV LEAD$ (Sandy Springs/ Marietta): It has been Life Alert's vision over the past 25 years,

Hurricane Sandy, coming straight out of Bikini Bottom.

Going to the store to stock up after I get off work again since we're expecting to get some form of the hurricane

Sandy can go fuck herself. She's gonna fucking ruin Halloween -__- #fuckourlives

Should we all change our twitter names to Hurricane/Storm based gags, since Halloween is canceled? (on the East Coast) #frankenstorm

Just got the call to be on hurricane standby. *Puts Cape in my backpack*

I'm genuinely nervous about this storm.. my road isn't even state maintained.. it's the pitts #Sandy

taking this as a command to use the Travolta inflection when referring to this hurricane out loud:

With all the debris on the roads you would've thought a hurricane passed by. Oh wait

revenge is a bish. Forget that hurricane u gotta bad storm brewin over here.  #gonnagetusucka.

My latest update on Hurricane #Sandy. What Canadians need to know.

First the 10/16 earthquake, now prepping for hurricane #Sandy . Life is never dull at !

Just emailed our first Tropical Cyclone Report.  Attached spreadsheet includes your locations in #Sandy impact zone with forecast data.

Station View of Hurricane Sandy -- Pass 2:  via

I was looking forward to seeing MsJoseline in the Bahamas this weekend.  Sandy you suck

Kean Admin. Office creepy voicemail about Hurricane Sandy

I know, I know, but it's hard to believe the folks who inaccurately predicted this a.m. it would get sunny today are gonna get #SANDY right.

I am done preparing for Sandy. I got my truck inspected today, which means even if garages are closed on Monday, won't get stopped by a cop.

Hurricane sandy is looking similar to hurricane irene, but hurricane sandy looks like it may go more inland. Could be a bad tropical storm

Preparing Your Home for the Horrors of Sandy and Halloween!!

All U.S. Navy ships in Norfolk , Va. area ordered to move out to sea, out of Hurricane #Sandy's path, between now  tomoro am

Umm, will there be School on Monday and Tuesday if Sandy hit NY?

Torn pinky tendon (surgery likely), mono, hurricane sandy, and two tests is gonna make for a real long week #fuhhhh

Ironic: Bloomberg wants to save NYers from 64oz drinks.  Hello Sandy!

Hurricane Sandy to hit NY, risk appetite

Pre-Halloween Weekend Wrap Up: The weekend is here and although the threat of Hurricane Sandy is in front of us,

'Frankenstorm' Hurricane #Sandy forces East Coast to brace for hit wtsp.com via

Sandy Leaves 31 Dead in Carribean  via #insurance #sandy

The only thing I know about this hurricane is that it's name is Sandy #SANDYBABY

Stay safe to everyone who is going to be hit by Hurricane Sandy! 3

New York City Hurricane Evacuation Zones: Map   #hurricane #map #Frankenstorm #Sandy #evacuation #water

- Hurricane Sandy Supposed To Be Coming, Dont Sandy Live In The Bikini Bottom ?

Mayor Bloomberg attracts hurricanes with CEO names Irene Rosenfeld of $MDLZ, now Sandy Weill fmrly of $C/Sandy Beall fmrly of $RT

As many east coasters prep for Hurricane Sandy remember: stock up on healthy foods  water. No junk or sodas!

ok these press conferences  weather reports on #Sandy are kinda freaking me out at this point #homealone =(

Enjoying the fall colors but probably will be shortlived! #netde #sandy

yea but not as bad as prior ones such as Hurricane #Gilbert #Ivan !!! Those were much worse

Living on the water when there's a hurricane coming sucks ass :/

i hope this hurricane blows you to lake michigan bitch

Is Hurricane Sandy a sign from (literally) above not to leave NY?

Our governor came on 30 minutes ago and said the hurricane switched directions and we will probably get hit #needaboat

If i'm stuck in the house because of this hurricane, imma be pissed.

Hurricane Sandy 30% Off Select Spooky Collectibles

This hurricane better not stop me from seeing all the slutty costumes on Wednesday

#news Hurricane Sandy's path spells trouble for U.S. East Coast: Hurricane Sandy's projected path is taking shap

Chilly weather got ya down? Come on in tonight and grab a $2.75 Corona and pretend you're on a warm, sandy beach!

Mets Hurricane Names Ike Kirk now sandy who is next fred

[AssociatedPress]  Raw: Hurricane Sandy Rages Through Bahamas

Flood Watch issued October 26 at 4:00PM EDT until October 29 at 8:00PM EDT by NWS: HURRICANE SANDY TO IMPACT

Hurricane sandy scaring me now .

Audio of today's briefing on prep for #Sandy in Virginia is available at

Hurricane Sandy is in England? Yesterday I saw it was in the USA (Florida)

Are you ready for hurricane Sandy? Do not let the power go out.. Add vajazzle to your waxing service. Vajazzle glows in the dark

ALERT if you are on the east coast, and you are in Sandy path and can vote early VOTE! Early Vote!!!!!!!!!! Just in case.

It'll certainly be interesting, especially as we get closer to Monday. Sandy is heading right for us.

Why is interviewing Michael Brown as part of #Sandy coverage? Pretty sure he shouldn't be your go-to for hurrica

Getting the beach house ready for the Hurricane. I'm  nervous

Guess I'll curl up with pooh when sandy comes

Why do they always give hurricane's female names? It's always Irene, Katrina, Sandy, etc. When will we ever have a hurricane Billy or Thomas

Generator, gas,  wine secured. BRING IT SANDY.

Is this gonna be another over exaggerated hurricane ?

You can read up on how to play Heather Glen Golf Course's 7, 8 and 9 while #Sandy blows passed us this weekend.

really though, how bad could the hurricane be

Sent u few bday tweets hope u noticed!! Pls mention me before Hurricane Sandy sweeps me away!! :-O

wishes you a safe weekend if you're in South Florida #Sandy #Hurricane #Florida

Hurricane go away so we can go bike riding

Hurricane watch on my birthday huh . How'd you know .

(Braden) Get prepared and informed about Hurricane Sandy:

Local activities this weekend, and even into next week, will be overshadowed by the approach of Hurricane Sandy.

Might fuck w/ six flags this weekend if this so called hurricane dont yeah..

Could you imagine the clusterfuck if Sandy hit the east coast on election day instead. News organizations would be out of their minds

Sandy breaking a rasta hustle. How am I pose to sell peanuts in this weather? #Hurricanes

This hurricane shit is actually starting to piss me off, BAD timing

Bella and DiDi: Stocking up on kibble and treats before #Sandy hits.

***alert***breaking*** Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter tells people in flood-prone areas to leave by 2pm Sunday #Sandy

Take time now to prepare for potential impacts from Hurricane Sandy. Be sure to stay informed throughout the weekend.

My house is going to be the only house not to lose power. #sandy

I think that Hurricane Sandy is going to cause a ton of damage this weekend . #getprepared

Right now Jim Cantore is headed to Hurricane #Sandy in a hot air balloon

a big hurricane.. someone doesn't read the news

s/o to ya girl sandy for giving me a 3 (hopefully 4) day wknd before back to back hell weeks AND some time to sleeps. you da best bbygrl

East Coast tweeps: Hurricane Sandy is creeping up w/ gale force winds, flooding, rain. River surges a big deal. http

Hurricane #Sandy had her way and lefta blessing and a curse it was

The East Coast prepares for Sandy, which could be the worst storm in 100 years:

BATFE sending out a special email for FFL holders on precautions to take for #Sandy

My first overnight in the ER tonight and apparently there is some storm a-comingmay make for some interesting emergency medicine. #Sandy

Now i wished i lived on the #westcoast rather then the #eastcoast #notdown for #sandy

Since this hurricane is coming mid week, I'm just gonna eat all the candy I bought.

Meteorologist Mace Michaels has some preparedness tips on how to keep yourself safe during Hurricane Sandy. This

I have some sick hurricane gear.

Not food but weed. #TeamPriorities  Might have to rack up on some bud if this Hurricane is in full

This pales vs what East Coast is prepping for w Sandy looming, but I can't believe how hot it is in Santa Monica today. Santa Anas in effect

Monmouth University to Close Oct. 29 and 30 Due to Threat ofHurricane Sandy

TY for shout-out! I hope you have a great weekend. We'll be prepping for the hurricane. They say it's a 100-year storm. Ugh!

Great NASA GOES project #sandy image  Top really sheared and central circulation all low level

Video: East Coast prepares for Hurricane Sandy; $1 billion in damage estimated

I'd be disappointed if there WASN'T a hurricane while I'm in Florida. #sandy#thefest11

Hurricane Sandy about to make some babies!

We thought it timely to share the Red Cross Hurricane Safety Checklist as the east coast braces for Hurricane Sandy.

This wench named Sandy is could cause $1 billion in damage. Thank you, nature.

This MT girl is freakin a bit about hurricane sandy!!

Hurricane Sandy, Hurry  Come. xD

news- Aging weather satellites get noticed with threats like Sandy

Getting ready for Hurricane Sandy in the Fox43 Newsroom

Hurricane Sandy weakens as it passes Florida

I'm confused the hurricane is not suppose to hit until Sunday.  Yalls  erkin already

Follow evacuation and #NJSandy hurricane   with this nifty map

#Yahoo - Food safety Food Safety Guidelines During, After Hurricane Sandy: The Virginia Department of Agricultur

Local emergency management officials bypass international disaster conference because of #sandy threat.

Delta Offers Customers Ability to Change Travel Plans in Advance of Hurricane  - The Herald | HeraldOnline.co

So NYC suppose to be getting hit with hurricane weather huh?? Dang, well I guess if my flight gets canceled tomorrow

HURRICANE PREP:  Shelter-in-Place Kit  Go Kit suggestions for people  pets.

Thanks hurricane! No classes Monday and Tuesday!!!!

we not really gonna have no fuckin hurricane.

So All Im hearing About is Hurricane Sandy, if we get rain were still gonna live, just hope my power don't go out

U.S. Week Ahead: Jobs, earnings and a hurricane oh my!:  via

HURRiCaNe SaNDy iS a DiRty yitCH BUt aiNt aL SaNDyS

Got Sandy, surfing with Sandy today.

Middletown Officials Finalize Hurricane Sandy Preparations

NFL monitoring weather this weekend: With a hurricane bearing down, or not, on the East Coast, the NFL is keepin

North Carolina Governor Purdue declares state of emergency for 33 eastern counties ahead of Hurricane Sa  #sp4zee

Ahhh, instead of enjoying our weekend, we need to Prepare for Hurricane Sandy.

Top of the hour and CNN still isn't mentioning the Harry Reid car accident story. They're still on the hurricane. #cnn

There's a hurricane coming this weekend. Ughugh fml.

Hmm my RA Jus asked if I'm leaving for tha weekend, is this hurricane Bouto be serious???

Dear Sandy, Please hit VA hard so kids won't have to go to school.  Sincerely, Mari :) P.S: Dnt knck a tree dwn my house.

im madd niggas just gettin hippd to Hurricane Sandy.they been talkin boutta since Tuesday . #watchthefuckingnews

Lmaooo Do y'all remember Hurricane Chirs haha

TAKE COVER SANDY IS ON HER PERIOD!!!!!AkeeM-the-DreaM

If only it was cold enough for all this from Sandy to be snowthat would be awesome

Crazy clouds from Sandy Friday afternoon in Orlando.

In Sandy's path? With a pet? Here's what you need to know NOW:

Who is Sandy? Is she from Hazleton? I think I remember her - she used to go to the Hometown auctions, right?

we are getting a hurricane can you pray for all your east coasters?

Hey dream makers will be having a Halloween Party! Enlighten of hurricane Sandy this is the place to be Inside

I don't care if a hurricane comes or mot just don't knock my power out.. I need that shit.

#Sandy headed for u? Best u go get some milk, bread, flashlight, candles, batteries and ummmmmmmmmmmmm..oh yea beer and ice!

When is this hurricane coming? Everyone is talking about it the fuckkkk

Sandy coming to a place near you.

Hey everyone! Just reminding you all to not worry if I'm not on twitter  for a week. I'm going to get hit with hurricane Saturday night.

Suppose to have a hurricane this weekend yay well mon-tues

Im feeling ALOT better.. Hope this hurricane can hold off for the tournament.

#Sandy  HAMSPlease stay off 14.330 the CQWW SSB weekend due to Emergency Traffic NetsPLEASE DISSEMINATE WIDELY AND IMMEDIATELY

Pre-hurricane party/life group starts at 7:00! See you at the Pearce's!

Hurricane Sandy: what to expect from North Carolina to Massachusetts to Ohio  Christian Science Monitor | All Stories

How carbon pollution fuels rougher weather, including linkages with Hurricane Sandy  via

my parents are buying bottles of water and good for this hurricane and I'm sitting like is the bar stocked?

Caramel : Meow. Girl, Sandy. No catnip, no shade. You weren't even invited here. *purrs* So. hurry this up. *stretches out*

So hurricane sandy may b more powerful then I anticipated

I really want to see the Jack-o-zombies, but will Sandy kill them? Worried

Good luck with that- too little too late - Woodcliff Lake Reservoir May Need Release Before Sandy Hits, Lt. Gov Says

Oh yes watch out for hurricane sandy. Lmfao

*just wrote Irene instead of Sandy* #flashbacks

I'm gonna laugh when #Sandy ends up like all the other hurricanes that have hit Virginia, weak and ineffective.

Wtf hurricane Sandy better go head wit her self

My first week in the Breaking News job and hurricane #sandyri coming! Guess all of us get some kind of trial-by-fire in th

If only it was hurricane randi instead of sandy. Always wanted to be named after one of those #hurricaneparty

How the fuck is this hurricane giving Pennsylvania a foot of snow? It's not even winter yet, Mother Nature. Get your shit together.

Tf they naming hurricanes  shit for ?? hurricane sandy, hurricane cerna

Dang it i was looking forward to riding my motorcycle to VA Beach in a few days, but probably wont be able to thanks to Hurricane Sandy..:(

So when is that damn squall line going to arrive? Hurry up. #Sandy

I was going 2 my high school homecoming but this hurricane changed my mind.

The moment you hear Hurricane by Panic! At the Disco and fall in love with it instantly 3

#BlackHurricaneNames hurricane olive oil on your forehead

Classes cancelled on Monday and Tuesday cause of the hurricane.. thank you UNH

We're about to get a hurricane , fuck no. I got a damn forest for a back yard , somebody better cut my tree's first.

I love too close to Walmart and the super market to do any shopping in preparation for this hurricane.

Dear Hurricane Sandy, please don't mess with my return trip on Sunday, kthx.

Mayor Prepares City for Hurricane Sandy - Attleboro-Seekonk Patch, MA Patch

Sandy pounds Bahamas after killing 40 in Caribbean - The Associated Press: The Associated PressSandy pounds Baha

okay, ill just let sandy blow me there :/

Imagine it was freezing when the hurricane hit so it was actually a blizzard

Great to hear, Halloween wouldn't be the same without a good #frankenstorm party at the Old Mill Inn! #Sandy

If hurricane sandy fucks up my Halloween night I will fuck her up #Mad

Photo: Hurricane or not, here we come!

Looka here Hurricane Sandy! I am currently ill and do not have the time, money or energy for no damn storm! Imma need u 2 fizzle out now!

Soooo we might get hit with a hurricane on Sunday.

I rebuke this hurricane! Y'all just don't know how bad I don't wanna spend the night at work if it gets bad :-(

18z GFS a tad south of 12z hits NY #sandy

Preparations are underway along the East Coast for Hurricane Sandy. Listen to the latest here:

Sunday is when JPS plans to return light to my household. I guess if Sandy had been any strong we'd simply have to use coal fire fi Nov.

come on down to Tattoo Garage and get something awesome before this hurricane comes!

That moment when your city is on the news cuz they are buggin about hurricane #sandy #thatbitch

Robocall from Pepco to warn of power outages during Hurricane Sandy. Super

eating all my cheese sticks now, you know, in preparation of my power going out. #sandy

Hurricane Sandy sounds like the buck-toothed, annoying cousin you had to play with at family affairs.

Here's some news that's not hurricane or election related!

Move to #Virginia from #Florida. Get womped by a hurricane. Makes sense.#hurricaneSandy

Getting a win during hurricane winds

hurricane seems to be approaching. Come eat and drink with us for happy hourWe are running the flatbreadTempura

well get ready, it's coming your way. Plus, you might get a hunk of the hurricane next week too.

Its funny cause I'm watchin spongebob and sandy juss came up .

Four day weekend b/c of hurricane sandy and due to the fact that the back up generators are under going maintenance. Such great timing!

I hope school gets cancelled if Hurricane Sandy decides to party it up monday night into tuesday morning

If sandy ruins my halloween Im going to smack her right in the face

Maybe hurrican Sandy can blow all of my damn problems away Deadass

#ILoveTheGrind dropping Monday!!!!! #October29 get ready!!!! Sandy ain't stopping this!!!!

Malloy: Hurricane Sandy Could be a '36-Hour Storm' - Fairfield, CT Patch

A hurricane full of snow. Hmmmmm okay.

Networks Prepare for Hurricane Sandy - Broadcasting  Cable: IBNLiveNetworks Prepare for Hurrican  #newyork #news

RT Start planning today for hurricane Sandy. We need everyone to do their part to prepare. #MDSandy

Sandy looks its going to be scary #yikes

Its gone be a hurricane. I'm so excited.

FEMA responding to CAT1 hurricane just like did this season in New Orleans where the NEWS blew everything out of proportion. #donttrustnews

Getting ready for the #wedding :: Still at beauty!! #fml estupido #Sandy

Everybody at the grocery store stocking up for the hurricane

Fck food.  I need to buy an extra battery for my phone. #sandy

Somehow I followed a hurricane sandy account without knowing one existed. #hacked

#Hurricane #Sandy Testing Live Hangout Fox Wilmington News  #SandyILM on WECT

Hurricane Sandy, please don't come up here!

Loll i just locked my mommy outside with Sandy

Yeah that's pretty much what it's lacking. I wish it was easier getting to Hurricane Harbor

I'm Mitt Romney and I approve this hurricane.  Really?

Sandy has gotten my neighborhood pink/purple . It's so pretty , yet so weird.

I'm done some one made hurricane sandy a twitter #theBoredom

I swear if this hurricane Sandy takes out our power and damages here I'm gonna be mad!! #stupidhurricane

You know a hurricane or something big is coming when you see huge caravans of electric trucks down the highway #sandy #notevenhittingfl #why

AW says:  Hurricane Sandy Leads to Postponement of 'Digital CPA' Conference

Pepco: Multi-Day Power Outages Possible from 'Frankenstorm': Pepco's pre-hurricane message to customers on Frida

My flight has been delayed by 1.5hrs. Ahhh - stupid hurricane!!

yeah not even the hurricane can stop me (:

The phone was ringing off the hook at the Horseheads Do It Center today, as people get prepared for Hurricane

IBHS Urges Residents to Take Advantage of Free Property Protection Resources as Hurricane#Sandy Threatens East Coast

Hurricane Sandy slogs toward US, 41 killed in Caribbean - Reuters: ABC NewsHurricane Sandy slogs toward US, 41 k

If the hurricane knocks out all the power it won't effect me cause I have a generator so I'll still have power.

Can we blame this hurricane on obama? Like all the democrats did with bush when Katrina happened??

and why isn't #Frankenstorm trending? Twitter isn't showing any love for #Hurricane Sandy #HalloweenHorror #2012 #hunke

Cuomo declares state of emergency as Hurricane Sandy churns up East Coast

Cancelling classes for a hurricane? Must be nice. I wouldn't know how that feels.

Hurricane Sandy ain't messing up my plans for 2mm . We out to fright fest before it close sunday and don't open back till May '!

Man dis weather Bruhh-__- dis hurricane in da way of my plans!

Yess dom.  i heardd aboutt thee hurricane LOl

Tonight's gunna be the worst night ever to go food shopping Thanks sandy, you whore

So there's a hurricane coming I have a bottle of Grey Goose. Do I need anything else?

Ooooh yes. Thank God for Sandy. I'mma be cuddled up like a mugggg this weekend/next week.

Thanks to Sandy, it's cool and breezy night in Gainesville, FL! Love this coolness!

#Sandy Can Go Somewhere Tho I Dont Have Time For That!.!

Why the hell are dc residents freaking out about this hurricane am I missing something??

Alabama Power crews heading Washington D.C. as Hurricane Sandy approaches to U.S.: Sandy, now a Category 1

I'm thinking #Sandy will interrupt the proceedings on Tuesday. As it should.

This hurricane is driving me insane because I don't know whether to look at Connecticut or #westernma coverage.

state of emergency for DC ? for that hurricane? oh no!

ATTENTION!! Due to TS Sandy hitting the east coast, Dom's interview with BBR is being postponed to next Friday 11/2/12 at 8pm EST!

Nova Scotians warned to keep track of Hurricane Sandy - NG News

THE SHOW WILL GO ON regardless of this inconsequential (to our area) Sandy hooplaWe have made arrangements for

Seriously. I don't think you understand.. YOU THINK HURICAINE SANDY WILL BE BAD? Just think not talking to me for 5 days.

Wait everybody partying n shit, did y'all forget that hurricane can hit tomorrow at that its 3 storms in 1 so this shit bouta get rachet !!

Stocking up on food and has for the hurricane and driving around crying before going to Starbucks.. sounds like a productive evening..

Warmer Than Usual Ocean Temps in Northeast Mean Heavier Rain From Hurricane #Sandy  #Frankenstorm (via

hope this hurricane doesn't cause damage back home!!

so hey: Piranha not eligible. Sometime this weekend, will attempt to rock Collectors like a Hurricane.

National Weather Service for Phildaelphia/NJ/DE region not fooling around. Here is their #Sandy preps advice.

Delmarva Power is preparing for potentially devastating hurricane.

appreciated your Livestream tonight. Gave me some good information. #Sandy

High school football game. Lovely windy night before hurricane hits us.

You guys are in the area where Hurricane Sandy is gonna hit right? Be careful.

Kean bugging if they think my black ass going home during this hurricane ..these dorms way more sturdier and bigger then a bitch house.

I hope Halloween doesn't get affected by Sandy! #ohshit

3 days of no light is not worthy of a category 1 hurricane

I'm so glad I moved to #Florida to get away from all the #Hurricanes #Sandy #NY #NJ #HurricaneSandy

Hurricane Sandy better get my classes cancelled on Monday

I better not lose power during this fucking hurricane

thanks to my landlord who put phamplets in my door for safty precautions otherwise I wouldn't have known about this hurricane..

Sandy is just too big we are still getting the winds here -_- just go already!

Help out the people affected by Sandy

Sandy throwing off campaign schedules: Mitt Romney and Joe Biden canceled campaign events scheduled for the week

This hurricane on halloween is going to blow. ha. haha. #needssleep

no problem we Are getting ready for hurricane Sandy hopefully it will bypass

NCB proactive sah.. Hurricane relief loan..

We rode out hurricane sandy #fantasy #sandy #bringmeanotherbeer. #chucktown

Tropical Storm Sandy continues to move along the east coast and will impact WV.  Please take time and be prepared with essential items.

Mapping Hurricanes - Esri has an embeddable hurricane map that you can use to add hurricane tracking to your website

Twitter news Hurricane Sandy On Twitter: How To Follow The Possible 'Frankenstorm' Online - Huffington Post

The hurricane better not hit New York the week I'm supposed to be there.

Wish i was at house tonightstupid hurricane makes ppl go insane

So like wtf happens after they're done talking about where Sandy lands? Does it turn to snow or park  stop moving or?

Tropical Storm Warning along the coast and offshore waters sue to Sandy.

Hurricane Advisory:  After #Frankenstorm apocalypse, real books will be worth fortune. Kindles will bekindling. Get thee to a bookstore!

I think this whole hurricane nonsense is a ploy by cheetos makers and iTunes to get me to buy shit.

Why would you not collaborate? Joining together with others lifts you up in a hurricane of Grace!~

He could be Sandy Koufax in the WS and he'd probably be 0-0 at best

Black and gold game postpone till sunday night due to sandy, heading back home to Ftl for the weekend  #homewardbound

just chillin and enjoying this hurricane O_o lol

Well good luck with #sandy. we are battening down the hatches on Long Island

We need to buy food and get water bottles before the hurricane :o

I'm scared about this hurricane because whAT IF I LOSE WIFI

This hurricane fuckin my life up already and it aint even here yet -_-

WaterWorks Natural Vaginal Cleansing System  #Frankenstorm,#Sandy, #SmackDown, Lebron, #FollowMeJB

Interesting Hurricane Sandy Could Become 'Historic' Storm - Sky News: IBNLiveHurricane Sandy Could Bec

haha. U have snow we have a hurricane coming this weekend

Apps for everything but turning off the hurricane: Hurricane Sandy: 7 apps to see you through

Oh #hurricane #tropicalstorm sandy! Bringing snow to the #DMV area before November! Smh! We are all screwed!

I uploaded a video  'historic' storm sandy 2012

people can't vote if they're dead from a hurricane #duhh

am i the only one who finds this #weatherchannel #hurricane #sandy feature a little creepy?

Hey Buddy, drive safe my man. Keep away from #sandy

it's ok bout to get a hurricane feel like I'm back down south

I was just describing Hurricane Sandy to Jenn, saying it's going to start blowing at 100+mph and then just stop

Sandy f*ck up nah endz all now light no fwd back :'(

I don't wanna tease mother nature but Hurricane Irene wasn't shit so I'm not so worried about Sandy

Yup.What were the odds a damn hurricane would roll into town same day as her scheduled flight?

Current info Sandy Posted by Ann Smith

i really dont want this hurricane to come thru .

Arkansas Entergy Workers to Assist in the Wake of Sandy

Man I'm hella worried, Hurricane Sandy is headed for New Jersey  these warnings are serious! Keep us Safe Lord!

Due to #Sandy we've expanded our Customer fee waiver to include Boston

During this hurricane , I'll be at an OUTSIDE wedding, right next to a bay. COOL.

Jah know, Sandy mash up immac a way :

My dad says gas is going up 50 cents tomorrow bc of the hurricane so everyone fill up!

Fuck this hurricane I call bullshit

Cannibal Cop. Nanny Hysteria. Snowicane #Sandy. Full Moon. Halloween. Mercury in Retrograde. Election. #doomed

Orlando you've been nice! I pray it's not a hurricane but I'm not going stick around to find outwheels up!!

Atleast ill have someone too cuddle with during hurricane Sandy :) 3

Sandy is gonna fuck us up. I'm ready though.

Top Science/Tech Preparing for Hurricane Sandy Along the East Coast - New York Times (blog)

Do I really need to worry about this #hurricane? #Frankenstorm #hurricanesandy

I hope we get out of here before that hurricane hits

It's official there's a hurricane outside #stuck#drinking#drama

No lightno wata all now.will never take those 2 for granted ever again.damn u hurricane Sandy!

Stayingg my happy ass right im the house  let sandy do her job lmao .

Suburban HospitalAlso follow for local updates on #Sandy #Frankenstorm

I hope all my east coast tweeps are safe during the Hurricane.

#sandy ain't going to do nothing but move around a couple sand particles.

the best part about sandy is all the smelly people in the world will finally get a bath!!! #hurricane #ihatesandy #HurricaneSandy

wasnt this time of year when the last #hurricane hit Ny and did so much damage

no. that's hurricane sandy. you're a pretty nice chap.

Similarity of #Sandy's wind field evolution on GFDL and HWRF is uncanny. HWRF below, GFDL was last tweet:

If Sandy Becomes 'Frankenstorm,' It Could Be Worst In A Century - WNYC

Anyone worried about #Sandy? Or is everyone prepared?

Um that red X is right over my mom's house #sandy. I hope the track is wrong.

Someone better be buying huge roll of plastic to make a slip-n-slide on Whitman hill when #Sandy gets here.

Yo it's straight Sandy tonight

Niggas is gassing up this hurricane way too much.

. sandy really lingering , she been over stay her welcome !

that's VERY UNLIKELY - we've got a hurricane coming

Got stuck at work , about to head out and act up before hurricane sandy touches down.

This Hurricane Sandy Twitter page is cracking me up! #toofunny

So hurricane sandy is going to be a direct hit lol am I going to die? :P

I'd be concerned about damage. Depending on where Sandy makes landfall, you may see tropical storm force or greater winds.

What would Dr. Mel have said about Hurricane Sandy had he been alive?  He passed last January 18th at the Smilow

Definitely! I live on the coast so Hurricane Sandy has kept me at home this weekend

OMG. The whole Hurricane Sandy thing is scaring me. :/

Juju said she need a thunder buddy when the hurricane come

Sandy moving away from Bahamas maintaining hurricane strength

why was there a hurricane in Cuba  i can't get in contact with my grandma.. this shit is scaring me.

Pepco should look at the bright side, least they arent entering this Hurricane in the face of high expectations by us customers ;-)

is this in response for him or Sandy coming north!!!

What we do when a hurricane Is on the way

#Sandy MT Latest spaghetti tracks now focus landfall #NYC to #atlanticcity!

Not even worried about Sandy. She's going to be much weaker than Irene and the day after Irene we went on like nothing happened.

The latest on Sandy. Still looking at Monday night and Tuesday morning for highest winds of 25-45 with higher gusts. Prep for outages.

has issued a statement #sandy is not a Hurricane its a spontaneus weather event in reaction to a youtube video

Hurricane sandy is looking to show out

Severe Weather from Hurricane Sandy is expected across the state on Sunday thru Tuesday.  This also may result

who wants to come over and have a twerk party in the hurricane on monday?

hi Anna, good, just spent an hour watching the sea in the dark, hurricane Sandy was whipping up the sea is was so cool x

I hope #Sandy isn't zeroing in on me! ;-)

LOL at that RT! Hell yeah! I don't think we will be bothered by #Sandy but I surely have my liquor cabinet stocked up #RUAT

people r goin crazy for Hurricane Sandy. The water aisle at ss is empty. It's goin to rain anyway, put a bucket out lol

Whelp, this doesn't bode well.  Power outage possibility it's tremendous!!! #Sandy

Don't let the silly hurricane keep you in. Come up here to listen to some great #Live Music!

[Top Stories]  Hurricane Sandy blows out of Bahamas

Gasoline Gains in New York Harbor Before Sandy Hits East - Bloomberg

VIDEO: Hurricane is dubbed 'Frankenstorm': Hurricane Sandy could merge with a winter storm to create   bbc Update

I'm gonna have sandy come for you #Shutup

lol hurricane sandy, Moriarty residence have no idea what they're in for #nopower #noshower #noonecares

who is sandy why are you all talking about her

Red Cross offers hurricane preparedness tips: Preparation is key when it comes to storms. Many people along the

Watchin Da News Bout da hurricane sandy shit is krazy

Don't let Hurricane Sandy's weakening fool you. The ingredients are there to re-intensify the storm as it approaches.

The NHL has a better chance of inconveniencing me this weekend than #sandy.

dead of y'all doing the most over this hurricane. it's only rain  high winds. calm down.

i needs to know if sandy is on her way.

Hope all had a good trick or treat night had many drinks n gave a ton of kids candy (no not creepy) but anyway hope all u stay away fr Sandy

Horses moving into downtown DC.  It smells like I'm back in Iowa.  Sure hope they get out before #Sandy hits.

The breeze from storm sandy feels nice tonight in Tampa!

Lol the beginning of the day hurricane sandy had like 820 followers now it has 32.2k hahah

thank u.. But depending on this hurricane and if school shut down I might come get u

hope sandy blow my work down so i wont work tomorrow

Damn we suppose to get a hurricane shit

For everyone that lives in NJ this is not a joke. Don't be a hero stay safe.#sandy

Ahahahah Jasmine thought Sandy was a murderer.

Shout out to Martha's Vineyard Public Broadcasting Station  Please stay safe when #Sandy hits. #Solidarity!

This hurricane better not let me down. I need monday off #highhopes

#Haitian civil defense officials said 16 deaths have now been confirmed due to Sandy,  #Haiti

Like a hurricane could not hit California.everyone would kill themselves waiting for the bitch to arrive!

I think the news is being extra with this hurricane

This hurricane jawn is coming Sunday night. Not Saturday.

I thought I heard you say 60 million people will be affected by storm Sandy. That seems like a bloated number.

well theres a hurricane coming so its pretty bad /:  i was suppose to TWICE but i never went cause i was lazy :(

In very anxious to see what #sandy holds for the NE. A real weather event.

Hurricane Sandy: Florida, North Carolina, New York Could All Feel Storm's Impact (PHOTOS)

Hurricane Sandy is gonna Bruh just off the coast of Mytrle Beach and I say #FuckEmWeBall

I'm listening to CBS on the radio, they're not very hopeful regarding the safety of the people in the tri-state area. #sandy

The difference between divorce and a hurricane in the south? Nothing. Either way someone's losing a trailer.

#Sandy To prepare for a storm,the first thing I think about is the food  if possible MRE(Meal Ready to Eat),there's a microwave in each box

i didnt no u left and my parents told me not to anyway bc of the hurricane

oh I get it!! Your whole dilemma about the hurricane. Clever!!. It`s still a great song tho.

ummmmm ima need for hurricane Sandy not to mess up my Halloween plans #hurricaneSandy

Looks like DC might be the bullseye of Sandy. Going to be an interesting few days. #runforthehills!

what is the current best guess where sandy will come inland?

Daughter  I decided not to take a chance on Hurricane Sandy  power outages. We're planning to vote early tomorrow!

What if it gets cold and Sandy turns into a blizzard?

Work should be fun tomorrow _ screw you hurricane

We know that #Sandy is an unusual and possibly confusing storm. We're fielding questions at if you've go

My bff finally gets home tomorrow from her hurricane filled trip to Jamaica JUST IN TIME FOR HURRICANE SANDY TO MAKE LANDFALL HERE! lol

Tonight I am wide awake.. But scared to go out cause all these hurricane warnings.. :-

I really don't want the hurricane to come tomorrow or Sunday #itwillruintheweekend #iwantschooltobeclosed

Tonight was outrageously busy - this Sandy bitch better put up or shut up.

You're kidding! Last urine I was here a volcano kept me longer and now a hurricane?!

(re: Sandy as Annie's dog and hurricane)

Riding Through New Orleans, You Can Still See The Affects From Hurricane Katrina  It's Been SEVEN YEARS.! SMH

First came the hurricane, then the morning sun.

Kool nuh yuh afi go mek it  up next week.    Sandy bad mi up so mi did affi bill dis w

I'm not fuckin with jazz lol. She need to bring her ass to sandy springs lol

I added a video to a playlist  Possible outcome of Sandy

RT#Sandy expected to weaken to a tropical storm soon, though may restrengthen before approaching coast:

The hurricane room was for Grason #awkward but I do love you!

I can't stop laughing at the Hurricane Sandy twitter account. It's too ridiculous.

Wish hurricane sandy would go away. #nothappy

My house in Jamaica JUST got back current after the hurricane. Shit is real out here

We should have hurricane bonquishaa

Dat bitch sandy coming to Philly on Monday imma kick her in the ass and chill #HurricaneSandy

My boy is running late due to the weather of hurricane sandy, I might have to go keep it going until he a

All packed up and leaving in the morning. That is unless Sandy has something to sat about it. Wouldn't be at all surprised

eugh. It's SF or nothing on west coast. LA is too car oriented. Stay the hell away from NYC right now. Incoming hurricane.

Slow-moving Hurricane Sandy marches toward East Coast - Reuters: IBNLiveSlow-moving Hurricane Sandy marches towa

before I make any finalized plans, I was wondering if hurricane sandy hits will the concert still be a go? thanks!

The name Hurricane Sandy just doesn't sound very intimidating.

What kind of name is Sandy for a damn hurricane? I pray sheor he leaves my house alone.

Praying that thus hurricane hit hard

Hurricane SANDY  Sat Oct 27 2am

American Drop Change Fees Ahead of Hurricane Sandy - :

Dear storm Sandy blow me.

Current status: Hoping that a hurricane on the other side of the world doesn't break all your internets.

Heading to bed. Goodnight TwitterLand. Be back at Sandy tomor err later this morning!

fqw Slow-moving Hurricane Sandy marches toward East Coast: MIAMI (Reuters) - Hurricane Sandy pulled away fro  qfw

Slow-moving Hurricane Sandy heads toward East Coast - Reuters: Economic TimesSlow-moving Hurr  #InstantFollowBack

Sandy do need to chill tho, if I was in corny joke tellin mode I'd tell Sandy to take a raincheckbut I'm not tho

there is no beauty in the world, just hands hovering quietly forever #hurricane

Hurricane intensity picks up - Storms - NZ Herald News  via

Looks like we get rain and wind with the hurricane off the coast tomorrow

Just one word has butterflies raging through my stomach like a crazy hurricane. I can't even begin to explain how you make me feel.

got no sleep last night cause of what sounded like a fucking hurricane/hail storm outside

GA Therapist Jobs $$ Registered Nurses at Suncrest Healthcare (Sandy Springs, GA)

Suomi NPP Satellite Captures Detailed Imagery of Hurricane Sandy Intensification Early in the morning on October

people by monday morning we should be hit with the hurricane its a category 2 hurricane but anyways people with our father in heaven

nothing is worse than working right before a storm, especially a hurricane. #hurricaneirenememories

Hurricane sandy will turn into a BIG ass noreaster when it gets up the east coast. could be very bad.

Hurricane Sandy is churning up the waves! Expect peak wind gusts in excess of 50 mph on our shore

Experts Say Prepare Now For Possible Claims After Hurricane Sandy

Latest news: Eastern United States braces for Hurricane Sandy - CNN (blog)

No, he is my grans. He was called Sandy, but I have successfully changed it to Fred! I do have 2 of my own though :)

'Frankenstorm' may be headed for Eastern Canada, U.S.: Weather forecasters are predicting that Hurricane Sandy c

National Guard Called Up For Hurricane Sandy Will Obama Declare Martial Law, Suspend Elections: Special thanks t

Tropical Storm SANDY Forecast Discussion Number 20

Sandy Downgraded From Hurricane to Tropical - ABC News: Irish TimesSandy Downgraded From Hurricane to Tropica

Hurricane Sandy caused at least 28 deaths in the Caribbean when it carved a destructive path through eastern Cub

Well, Todays looking ok. We will worry about Sandy Tomorrow.See you soon!

Hurricane Prep Information: Helpful or Drives You Nuts?: At Patch, we're trying to do everything we can to help

Seattle (WA) Times: Sandy downgraded from hurricane to tropical storm. More #Seattle #news -

#news #rt #indy Hurricane Sandy downgraded to tropical storm: The American National Hurricane   #current #500aday

Hoping everyone stays safe amidst hurricane Sandy over the next few days

Interesting: Northeast U.S. braced for 'superstorm' Sandy: Sandy drops to tropical storm strength but   Please RT

staging team will arrive at #Westover in #Chicopee today to get ready for Tropical Storm #Sandy. I'll have the story on 22News at 6.

So #Sandy is targeting the #JerseyShore. Probably a season too late.

CNN: Northeast U.S. braced for 'superstorm' Sandy: Sandy drops to tropical storm strength but weather fore  #news

Sandy ass ain't DOIN much..and I thank her..lets see can we keep this way for a LIL while longer

Where's Sandy? Wind gust still high here n S.E. Ga.

Had an amazing day and night yesterday :) so happy! #3rdYears #Sandy #Halloween

Make sure you are prepared for #Sandy. Check out  for tips on what you should do.

7:02 on my day off? i need a break. #hurricane #closemyschool

NC Four-Ball final 2 rounds canceled due to Hurricane Sandy. Payout based upon round 1 scores available in golf shop.

good morning, I think. Hoping to have a good day. Not prepared for the Hurricane. she got downgraded anyway.Have a good day

Most powerful hurricane EVER! It has actually uprooted the entire city of Rehoboth Beach and dropped it into

Hurricane Sandy downgraded as storm heads for US east coast: Intensity of storm subsides but east coast prepares

New: Sandy C Presenting Sandy: General XXX PicturesStatistics : 1 Post || 3 ViewsPost by Oldmanzx0

A Thought For The Day: Sue90ca Hurricane Sandy Will Be Paying Us A Visit posted a photo:

Hope sandy stay farrrr away til i qet to ah stable spot

Hurricane Sandy downgraded as storm heads for US east coast  #News #Headlines via #newzsocial

7:30 am radar out of Morehead City also showing rainbands moving inland associated with #Sandy.  #ncwx

My front yard looks like shit. Thanks alot sandy

really not looking forward to this rain all week ; this storm hurricane shit can suck meat.

Yep, there's Sandy headed right for us (via Living Earth HD

Woke up early gonna skate before this hurricane comes

Lord pls be with the Islands, states and areas that are in the path of Hurricane Sandy this is one powerful storm.

Your a dumbass if you got outside during a hurricane an its REALLY bad in your area. Tf stay yo ass (cont)

I really wish #Sandy would make up her mind!!! #undecided #hurricane

New York City prepares for Hurricane Sandy

We're tracking Hurricane Sandy this morning. My parents got a lot of rain  high surf in FL. say it's near SC now, heading north.

sandy gone but the wind still standing strong

Tropical Storm Sandy is doing the most be careful in the Carolinas!  Good morning!  #TodayIsGreater

get the long spikes ready for Sunday. Andy might have to call a few extra running plays. #sandy #gobirds

Wifey at work, made BabyGyrl her pancakes, sausage and chocolate milk. Checkn out my fantasy fb. Make my hurricane survival runs. Lol

CBS NewsEast Coast prepares for Hurricane SandyCBS NewsLast Updated 8:02 a.m. ET. (CBS/AP) After causing heavy d

National Hurricane Center reports this hr that Tropical Storm Sandy has re-strengthened into a Hurricane

Someone does NOT appreciate the rain  is not going outside. MAKE IT STOP. #Puglife #Sandy

Because of Hurricane Sandy, we have consecutive rain for an entire week. I think this is a love/hate situation. For me, anyways.

CBS News: East Coast prepares for Hurricane Sandy

Hurricane Sandy ? Im going to a Hotel !

Ok so Hurricane Sandy is going to be here for the duration of my stay in NYC.  Guess that means lots of visiting Art Galleries to stay dry!

Hurricane Checklist:Liquor storeDopemanCharge electronics Ok. #BringItOn#HurricaneSandy

Come get ur Saturday Sweat on w/  Maybe our intense energy will scare Hurricane Sandy off!

BBC News - US East Coast braced for Hurricane Sandy

People like use cold n hurricane as excuse to not bathe son!

8AM Advisory from National Hurricene Center still brings center of Sandy over Southern New Jersey late Monday/early Tuesday.

I don't think so. The hurricane Is supposedly getting worse

Connecticut Warned that Monster Storm Sandy Could Start Sunday -   #connecticut

Sandy's a hurricane threatening the east coast.

Reliable Forecast!!SATURDAY SANDY UPDATE!!! | The Bridge | Gloucester's Community Video Site

Stay safe my east coast friends and family! #sandy go easy, that's my homeland! #Sandy

In TX visiting my niece  nephews but #frankenstorm has me worried. #Hurricane Irene wasn't nice to me, will #Sandy be worse? #SavvyAuntie

Hey Carrie, if there's not enough rain in Oklahoma why don't you come up to PA. We're about to get hammered by hurricane Sandy

Sandy is now a Cat.1 hurricane again w/ winds Still looking like it'll turn towards the left and affect the NE

After a brief downgrade to Tropical Storm at 5am, #Sandy is back to Hurricane strength. Folks, this DOESN'T MATTER.

My prayers go out to anyone that's in #hurricane #Sandy's path. It sounds like its getting stronger again. Be safe. God Bless

btc! Oh man! My bby gne out on my n ish mane, while here stuck in the bahamas in a hurricane.

Hurricane Sandy is a weather reporter's wet dream.

you enjoy that nice clear fall morning, here in ohio it is cloudy, cold and rainy, waiting so see what Sandy has in store for us.

Pop swap in Charlotte today. That and possibly a hurricane, but you know me, living on the edge, yo

Findsbook Treasure hunting forum User Post: Sandy Searchers?

When is this hurricane supposed to start ? Its sunny af

Fl/ga in a hurricane. How fun is this gonna be!? #go #gators

I want to live through a hurricane.Katrina really fucked up my plans.I won't be a bitch,I won't call for help.

Can someone update me on #sandy? Is it going to hit NOLA? Am I going to get back to London on Monday night? Damn hurricanes.

Today in 1921, a hurricane struck Tampa, destroying the pavilion at Ballast Point and flooding Hyde Park, downtown,

Pin of the Week - here is where I would like to hide during the hurricane!  ^kd

DPH urges Delawareans: Prepare for flooding from Sandy  #netde

y'all over here tweetin bout this hurricane .. my neighborhood has a bright blue sky with fluffy white clouds .

Great 5 miles thanks to early effects of storm Sandy, Eminem  Foo Fighters!!

I'm Hurricane Katrina when it rains it pours ;-)

Sandy almost blow one man away yesterday by kfc

Hurricane Warning for EC tonight , mom getting prepared charging up every damn thing in the house ! and stacked up o

Hotel, air, theatre tickets, bus tour, everyone happily credited or refunded because of hurricane.

Every other tweet on my timeline:SANDY SANDY SANDY PREPARE FOR SANDY OR YOU WILL DIE #Sandy #Sandy

Never ..I don't even like thunder storms let alone a damn hurricane

Hurricane Sandy is not making things easy at our tailgate.  #Hipstamatic #Jane #Blanko

Funny watching #weatherchannel reporters with hoods up, while behind them people are in shorts and tshirts and playing around.#sandy

Next week's #Americanhorrorstory S2E3 looks really good. Just hope my electric isn't knocked out by Sandy that would really suck ^_^

Sandy looks like she is going to show off

Someone come over for when we have this hurricane

so pretty much in the last four hours Sandy has went from a hurricane to a tropical storm back to a hurricane.. ok

Trae in other man house for the hurricane eating man food. Wearing man clothes! God!

#Newark: City Hall and all municipal agencies will be open at their normal hours on Monday, Oct. 29. #Sandy

Ugghh, I hope we don't have to rake all the leaves outside. Oh wait! We got hurricane Sandy to do that!

Starbucks is crazy as a result of the people shopping for the hurricane.

Sandy is making for an anxiety filled wedding weekend!

We are pleased to report that there has been no problematic damage from Hurricane Sandy at Old Bahama Bay. As you h

The hurricane not gonna major -_- and new yorkers shouldn't be scared we have big ass buildings like -.-

Sandy death count is already at 43 and the way the story is coming we will be right in the middle of it..

I just want that hurricane to destroy my school.

American Red Cross Find a Shelter:  #sandy #Safety #BePrepared #PrepperTalk

Today is going to be a long day! Have to evac all these airplanes to Vermont because of Sandy!

Um.  Check on them  the elderly to make sure they have what they need BEFORE Sandy hits. I'm o

Heading back home for some hurricane prep..it's getting a little late in the year for this! SMH

Hopefully the coastal LIDAR and inundation modeling has been useful for what to expect at the Jersey shore. 10ft is a good start #Sandy

Thanks sandy! Didn't want to work

Time to prepare for Sandy. Hope this bich don't flood my house like last time.

CNN reporting that US meteorologists worry that Hurricane Sandy could knock power out in some locations on Election Day!

#CapeMay public works moving benches to higher ground. #Sandy #Frankenstormprep

Thanks hurrican sandy for screwing up my weekend plans and I hope ou do hit just so that way my weekend wasn't boring for nothing!

The only thing that makes me worry about this hole hurricane thing is loosing the powercause then we gonna have to rely on #lipa.

- Thanks for passing our Hurricane Sandy, safety information and Claim contact info, along!

All this #sandy weather shit I keep seeing better be a joke.

NOT ME  Question?! How many of ya actually go food shopping to prepare for a storm/hurricane, etc????

Yikes! Hurricane preps! Hope you guys are safe out there.

At the beach preparing for Sandy.  Deck furniture inside.

hurricane sandy isnt going to affect the race tomarrow is it?

History will show staying in mandatory evacuation areas will not end well. If you get the call, evacuate. #sandy #survival

Race today :). At sandy valley motocross. wish me luck ! :).

If I have to take ice cold showers again like the last hurricane I'm going to be so pissed

Want to see Sandy close up? Here is the radar for you. Its a bizarre looking hurricane!

boutta take my four wheeler for a spin before this Sandy bitch comes through

Its 65 degrees so its tolerable, just wet due to the hurricane hovering offshore.I'm on the couch with Mary, watching telly

If we all died in the hurricane I'd be kinda okay with myself

I wonder if we getting out of school this week for this hurricane

The latest on Hurricane Sandy's threats to Delaware.

so apparently hurricane sandy is going to hit, gnarly

it's about to like hurricane and I'm home alone COOL

10:00 am call w/partners re: Hurricane #Sandy. We're open for business per normal weekend guidelines. Working vessels/rail. Next update 4 pm

Peej and Mikey running into the huge waves courteous of Hurricane Sandy!

Open House Weekend Warriors: Weekend Open House Tour: Hurricane in Harlem: This week's open house tour is very n

My apartment looks like hurricane Sandy passed throughtime to clean

Looks like it will be an at home workout for this fit girl today! #tropicalstorm #sandy #fitorfat

Rolling up the eastern seaboard is Hurricane SK6ERS..Tonight Atlanta (a.few tix left), then onward to Carborro, NC! #barometric

Dam in Brno  #eltpics Sandy, looks like you've been visiting lots of power stations :)

The wind on the beach is unreal. You feel this hurricane coming.

MannyVillarC5 NASA Center in Virginia Braces for 'Frankenstorm' Hurricane Sandy

Dear hurricane, WTF! I CAN'T SWIM!

just had to clean up my basement because it floods and hurricane sandy is coming. blahh.

35% off sale TODAY, on Fresh Meats, WOW!  Stock up for hurricane Sandy with a selection of fresh (not frozen)

oh no! With the hurricane coming I might have made a huge mistake! Ill have to avoid all flooding streets at all costs!

It floods in front of my house during a normal rain, so its gonna be bad this time :/ #sandy

#HURRICANE UPDATE: Sandy currently a category one hurricane as it approaches East Coast

Lots of places to sign up for #sandy local weather alerts via text. Broadcast stations,   more.

FEMA/NOAA media conference call on Sandy at 2:30pm EDT. Press to be given secret tips on how to survive, renew world,

For those, who says hurricane sandy needs to go back to the bikini bottom note that you are very stale and needs to stop.

COASTAL FLOOD WATCH IN EFFECT FROM SUNDAY EVENING THROUGH LATE MONDAY NIGHT. #sandy #news12bx, #news12bk

#Sandy update Hurricane Sandy death toll rises to 43 -

Good Morning Everyone Working today so have a good weekend. Dam hurricane Sandy.

Ch. 5 Meteorologist David Brown has a Hurricane Sandy update at 11:03 on News Talk 96.9! This is a big storm!

That hurricane sandy page, got me dying!! Lmfaoo

this hurricane looks bad!! i need to get back safely!

Seeing so much about Sandy .. CNN Student News lied to me.. They said the storm wasn't going to hit the US.

Have 2 do yard work cuz of hurricane sandyy coming Tuesdaystupid bitch

Is Sandy tryna fck with my president's re-election?

hurricane sandy is dun fuck up a wholeeee buncha shit #Frankenstorm

Take it from a Katrina survivor, don't take Sandy lightly. Prepare.

Dear friends in #NewYork stay safe.Powerful Storm Systems Continue on Collision Course  #Sandy #Storm

This hurricane is actually kinda peaceful. I'm just sitting inside watching it rain. ~Anna

Sandy's killed 43 people already? What a bitch.

Here's a summary of the impacts I'm expecting from #Sandy:

This is stupid. Hurricane Sandy, go home.

This hurricane is going to fuck us all

so this bitch sandy isn't hitting connecticut now good she don't want none of this

Android app for police/fire scanner for those in the path of Sandy

Hurricane #Sandy | 11:15 AM EDT 10/27/12 | Advisor EdHere's the latest on Sandy - Winds: 75 mph | Pressure

National Aquarium Prepares For Hurricane Sandy: The National Aquarium in Baltimore says it's open for  #baltimore

If this Hurricane destroys enough of these states, that'd be great for the economy!--Paul Krugman

Best way to rake leaves is to climb in the tree and pull the leaves yourself. #hurricane #sandy #frankenstorm

Weather Geek Alert!#Frankenstorm (Sandy Suther?) effects on NYC!

Between Halloween and this hurricane coming I don't think this school is going to survive the next few days #zoomass

calls for mandatory evacuation starting 4 pm Sun for barrier islands, from Sandy Hook South to Cape May,

G: So we're going to possibly be called in to assist the United States' east coast states and inland after this Sandy storm departs.

I don't want this hurricane to cancel school bc we won't be able to do anything  it'll just take off of spring bre

From TheBlaze: Hurricane Sandy Downgraded to Tropical Storm, 'Widespread Impacts.  #1TermPresident

I am also calling for mandatory evac. starting at 4pm Sunday for barrier islands, from Sandy Hook South to Cape May, including AC casinos.

I've stocked up on canned chili, beef jerky, ramen noodle  H'ween candy. If Sandy doesn't kill me, my stores will.

New Jersey Governor Chris Christie declares a state of emergency in advance of #Sandy. #hurricane

Hurricane Sandy looks like it will be a bruiser along the East Coast ..

POWER OUTAGE 7-10 DAYS WTFFF???!!!!! COLLEGE APPS SANDY COME ONE! YOU ARE A BITCH

So who's throwin a hurricane party?

Valley remains in Sandy's cross hairs (mcall): Share With Friends:  |  | Top News - USA Stories, RSS   #USA #News

apparently I am headed into Hurricane Sandy this coming week. Headed to Philadelphia

Sandy is my mom name lmao.

happy earthstrong hunnii bunnii!! May u live till dem sand yuh :) Fulljoy cause Sandy gone

Hurricane Sandy why'd you have to go  rain on my homecoming parade?

you scared of getting a wet from the hurricane

And I thought we would only see this in a movie Hurricane Sandy on Collision Course With Winter Storm

Hurricane #Sandy could rival the worst East Coast storm on record - affecting over 64 million Americans #HybridMonsterStorm

Alright now that Sandy is coming I can do more of what I was doing before anyway, study wooooooooooh yeahhhhh awesome

Why can't Hurricane Sandy just go over dumb ol' Texas

Idk what kinda weather sandy got going on out there.but nothing could keep me from my bestie

Sandy isn't bout the life I live

Remember that if you want updates on Sandy from PSNH, go to their page and LIKE it, then LIKE a few of the

Having to spend the weekend preping for a hurricane instead of carving pumpkins #FrankenStorm :(

Ok is Hurricane Sandy real? Cause I'm actually freaking out a bit

The hardest part about prepping for a hurricane is deciding how much vodka you'll need.

This hurricane will be my BFF more than Jill is if we get to miss school #fuckupmarshallmorethanblackdudesfuckupkimkardashianplease

Who want to have a hurricane party ? #Retweet

5 Insurance Stocks in Hurricane Sandy's Crosshairs: TheStreet

No Sir, you can't go play a quick nine. We are in a hurricane delay right now. And when I say that I mean the course is closed.

Georgia expecting rip currents from distant hurricane - Newscentralga  #georgia

Is Sandy going visit where you live? #worriedfriend

If everyone would watch the news, they would see that the hurricane isn't gonna touch until Monday.

Sean Malarkey Excellent Google Map for Hurricane Sandy.   via Se

Just saw more than 20 people in a row in line at lowes with generators! Watch out #Sandy

I'm good. Prepping for the Hurricane. Lol

how will #Sandy affect voting with flooding power outages and evacuations

That wasn't badstore not as zoo-ish as I expected. Love the headline: Sandy's Hook #Frankenstormnj

New Yorkers?! so this hurricane #SANDY thing is serious?! like for real?! im kinda late on that!

Learn how to #prepare your home for heavy #winds at  Cover windows, clean gutters, trim trees  more #Sandy

Read up on next week's storm if you haven't already Hurricane Sandy picks up strength:  via

meanwhile / the rest of you may see a spooky hurricane but I see angry sky god coming to punish gary bettman

here's hoping sandy's going to cancel my film midterm on monday

The front will later collide with Hurricane Sandy, already developing the traits of a Nor'easter,

Amid Dire Forecast, Sandy a Hurricane Again - ABC News: ABC NewsAmid Dire Forecast, Sandy a Hurricane Aga  #India

Ready to take the jeep out in this hurricane

I wonder how bad this hurricane goin be . . #Shae

Everyone is so scared for this hurricane -_- the bank is mobbed. I just wanna get my money and get my new headphones and iPod speakers. Ugh.

good afternoon 3 cloudy day here in NYC and a hurricane is supposed to hit us on Monday o_o

Obama, Sandy and the Oval Office Address: Now is the timeThis is a moment for the President to show that he is

EAST COAST: I suggest y'all stop tweeting  get prepared for Hurricane Sandy. She looks like she's Gonna f*ck y'all up.  y'all tweeting.

----- Dont care bout sandy goin out today and tonite

god damn it seems like the rest of the country is always on Tornado, hurricane storm watchi'd say skip rocks and bail to the west coast

State of Emergency just declare in New Jersey.things are getting serious #Sandy

Preparing for a hurricane when you live on the water is such a chore

hmmm true Everything is ok on your end sandy? Hope it wasn't too much of an emergency?

Hurricane Sandy is making her huge, lumbering way to New Jersey, with the storm's worst hitting Monday night.

no word yet-folo for road updates or  #sandy #ncroads

so I talked to Dan, we have gas heat so we won't freeze during #sandy; and we can still turn on the water #youcanlivewithus

As long as the bars are open and I are prepared for #Sandy. We have plenty of food for Lola and a new comfy bed#RidinTheStormOut

Wait guys, Karen Parker told us that we should get the hurricane Tuesday night into Wednesday .. #LetsPartyDoe

October 27, 2012 Update: Front page: Posted information on hurricane preparedness. Posted information on general

This Sandy trick better not ruin my chance of seeing Black Star tonight. Keep me updated lol

Dockmaster at North Cove says they're tightening lines and strapping down the dinghies, but otherwise things pretty normal. #wnyc #sandy

I wish everybody stfu about some damn hurricane. bitch asses, it ain't doing shit but raining over here!!!!

Please help us welcome the newest member of the Lyndon community, Sandy. She should be arriving on campus either

Just hurricane proofed my whole backyard

Def eatin massive amounts of mushrooms during this hurricane #wetrippymayne

katse le sandy are reaching their sell by date,we r talking bout the future

my mom really doesnt give a fuck about this hurricane.

What's everyone doing to prepare for the hurricane? I'm thinking to advance the Hawai'i trip. Because we love macadamia nuts THAT much.

Prepared for #Sandy at the new house: bought candles and unpacked wine glasses.

Long Island preps as Hurricane Sandy approaches - Newsday: NewsdayLong Island preps as Hurricane San  #longisland

Hurricane Party Tonight -hit me up for info

Apparently everyone is out buying groceries for the hurricane while my mom is home chilling, not stressed about it lmao

smallest hurricane, yes.  80 mph sustained winds and they're talking about 6+ inches of rain.

Light rain as we get closer to Kill Devil Hills.  Complete look at Sandy tonite on NBC Charlotte. #Sandy #cltnews

Monday  night classes are cancelled for the predicted Hurricane.  We'll schedule a make up

I'm willinng to bet that this sandy doesn't even show up bc she's just a whore and wants attention.

party city was a nightmare, now babyboy has three costumes .. I hope this btch sandy doesn't ruin my boys halloween.

I don't even think this hurricane is going to be bad. People always blow them out of proportion.

people are annoying about this hurricane stfu we dont care

haha my cousin name is Sandy - all night we kept cracking joke about how she's a hurricane.

Working Sunday to bring you the latest Hurricane coverage. I'll be anchoring AT LEAST from 6-8amcould go longer depe

Prepare for Sandy by Stocking Up on Backup: Monster storm Hurricane Sandy threatens to disrupt business operatio h

Al Roker is ar Rehoboth Beach on MSNBC #Sandy

Oh, a hurricane? Bet ill still have work.

The course may change, but Hurricane Sandy is tracking to pass right over my wife's hometown, where her brother  his wife still live. #fb

Apperently #Sandy is turning into #ThePerfectStorm because there's another front coming from off the ocean.

So I move to NYC to get away from tornado alley, and now I have to prep for a hurricane #wut THE FUCK WEATHER?!? #hateyou

Live in Philadelphia? Here are some important numbers and emergency information as #Sandy bears down on the East co

NYC moves to protect rail, subway lines from Sandy  #News #BusinessNews via #newzsocial

LOL THE GOVERNOR SAID TO STORE 3 DAYS OF WATER BECAUSE OF THE HURRICANE

Sandy's bringing the swamp to Jax. HAPPY GAMEDAY #gogators

HURRICANE SANDY: The latest track from the National Hurricane Center shows the storm making landfall early Tuesday

Hey NYersdo you feel the storm brewin? What's the latest? #sandy

Now that's good legislation. RT Can't Gov. Chris Christie just body block Hurricane Sandy from enter

OMG HURRICANE SANDY IS LIKE RIGHT NEAR KELLY KELLY OMG

Hurricane Sandy's about to fuck up some East Coast ass I see

And Sandy will be a HYBRID storm, still part tropical, warranting tropical advisories! I don't NOT understand their thinking. #nhc #sandy

Praying for all our friends in the Mid-Atlantic states that Sandy doesn't bring the devastation the news is

I blame Macho Man Randy Savage for any natural disaster. Hurricane Sandy is just another one of his mythical messages to the world.

Ok. Think I'm hurricane ready

TriBeCa Hardware all sold out of flashlights, says tape, batteries, rope hot items too. #Wnyc #sandy

If you are not in #Sandy path but close. Stock up now so you leave the roads for those who need to get out!

watching news updates on this Hurricane and thinking of all my beautiful friends on the east coast..  I look

I hope we don't get it to bad! (Hurricane Sandy)

Napolitano (DHS), Fugate (FEMA), Knabb (Hurricane Center), Brennan (Homeland Security adviser)

The person below is freaking out about a weak hurricane.

In my first mini hurricane. Freaky!!!! #scared #trippy

Only a matter if time til somebody made a hurricane sandy account. Bitch gon have the same tweets as Irene watch

Christie Administration Announces System-Wide Cross Honoring in Advance of Hurricane #Sandy

Everyone back at home in the #856 #609 #215 #267 be safe at home these next couple days with that hurricane is approaching!

All my FL people, hows that hurricane? Lol

Make sure to bring 3-7 days' worth of canned (pop-top) or dry pet food if you evacuate.  #Sandy #Frankenstorm

I'm like a Hurricane exciting at firstbut always ending in disaster!    :3

Deepwater case and Salem Community College evidence still under review. Will all be done by end of weekend due to approaching hurricane!

it's nice to meet you too sister Sandy

Be ready for Hurricane #Sandy - disaster  emergency preparedness tips available Be pre

Think I covered all my hurricane Sandy essentials out shopping this morn: lard bread, mums a lollipop from the old guy who sold me the mums

Sandy needs to take a chill pill

NYMEX CRUDE OIL AND HURRICANE SANDY: With hurricane Sandy bearing down on highly populated cities

I just realized I've been watching CNN for the last hour. #obama#romny#hurricane#news

For the latest updates on #Sandy and your local news headlines, and yours truly got ya covered all day

We are getting a lot of ?s and messages about the weather/hurricane. Family Day and Graduation will still happen

I'm flying through London tomorrow on my way to RDU unless the hurricane strands me, in which case, I'm going to find you! ;)

Hurricane sandy hitting NJ Gettin the fuck out reaaaaal quick tomorrow #UhOh

Hurricane Sandy Up In The East Coast #Sandy

Starting soon #Sandy update from Sec. Glaser, MTA's DOH's Comm. Shah,  Port Authority's Pat Foye LIVE:

There was a hurricane near were we r going like 2 days ago

Google has canceled their Monday Android event because of Sandy. Just got the email. GeeI hope that doesn't delay

My mommy is bugginnnn over this hurricane. Lol at people who never seen rain.

I RTed it from that hurricane sandy account lol

Gov. Malloy declares state of emergency as Sandy looms.

little nervous to drive home today #praying  #hurricane

wish my brothr stfu about this hurricane

Forget Sandy, Tonight we blow the roof off of KJ Farrell's!!!!

Ok now everyone needs to chill about this hurricane nonsense.YOU WILL BE OK! Trust me, I've been though two already #imafuckingchamp #pro

Idk about any1 else but hurricane Irene, scared df outta me especially how dha lites cut off whn walkn downstairs n I fell , but sadan, idk!

Sandy please don't ruin Halloween.

Grocery Stores Prolly Gettin WhippeFor Dis Hurricane .

this hurricane sound like its sumn serious, hope it aint as bad as they puttin it out to be

Well imma crash now hurricane party tonight

That hurricane downgraded. Y'all was scared lol

#LES wknd: Sat - Final for the year. Sun - NO Pickle Day. It moved to next Sun 11/4 due to #Sandy

Puerto Rico Hotels:  Sandy Beach Hotel, San Juan

10% off Store Wide beat the hurricane!

#Sandy Turn your freezer to coldest setting now so if power goes out you're still good. Or ziplock bags w/ H2O to freeze

Well, my hatches are battened down. I didn't even know I HAD hatches! #Sandy

I'm bored. Eff Sandy I'm going somewhere

Even a delay in voting for states affected by Sandy would still delay the election for us all.

When Hurricane Sandy reduces us to a barter economy, wife will no longer be able to scoff at my extensive collection of 90s NHL media guides

Resource for path of Hurricane Sandy, alerts, shelters, traffic, etc. Handy even for Buffalo which might get direct hit

Taking a short break from tracking Sandy to have some fun at the Media Halloween Parade. Not really feeling like myself

you were right, Sandy is a bitch.

getting to be pro at this hurricane proofing stuff

yall so dumb and scary the hurricane aint even supposed to happen tonight , twitter was the first place i heard that ..

hurricane sandy you are really fucking up my weekend and soon my house #GOAWAY

But #sandy may take parts of the United States out to sea.

My eldest munchkin in her Sandy outfit I made!

Many states along eastern seaboard have declared a state of emergency ahead of Hurricane Sandy which could make landfall to

Well thanks to Sandy at least I don't have to do my math project 8)

Is trying to go in the ocean during the hurricane again #ThatsMyIdol

Sandy is gunna rocks us like a hurricane!

Complete preparation instructions for those in path of Hurricane Sandy  via

Stupid hurricane,  messing up all my tech news and events.

I think I'm more anxious about losing connectivity than I am about the damn hurricane.

Racing Sandy up the coast in my truck sounds like so much fun right now

As #Sandy approaches, make sure you are prepared

Lets  get this Rec soccer hand in before sandy

Hoping you Northeasterners have plenty of good books to read in the hurricane. If not, come on over and borrow from the Ricki library!

Hurricane Sandy is coming towards Toronto on Wednesday? I'm moving. Here I pack. See ya.

Google cancels Android event over hurricane threat: Google has cancelled its Android event o  #BBC

Sandy has hit shore. Rain coming down, Tigers cranking up. Clemson over FSU 22-7. Tigers will face FSU once again in challenger semi. 3:10

Grocery store madness!!!  All stocked up.  Bring it on, Sandy!

Hide in your basements, hurricane sandy's coming to mess yo shit up

Can we just fast-forward to the part where I lose power and drink things like Bloody Mary Mix before it goes bad? #Sandy

OK HURRICANE PREP DONE. BRING IT ON, SANDY.

Why is anyone doing yard work a HURRICANE is coming you're just going to have to do it again in a week

if wished us luck today it would be so sickk. we bumpin Emergency in anticipation of hurricane sandy #pregame #repMD

Obviously, I have changed my mind from a previous tweet. #Hurricane or not, #Sandy will be a serious storm. #BePrepared

There's a hurricane coming?! I had no idea! Put my game back on! #RBNY

Gonna be Sandy climate dot painting at my apt. this evening at 5 PM. All comers welcome, holler if you need directions.

Hurricane sandy is literally is going up the coast past Virginia and nc and sc etc then making a left turn right to md wtf

ok so hurricane sandy, wind and all, thats nice but one time i blew out all the candles on my birthday cake in one try and i was like 8 so

If this hurricane wipes out the power lines and I lose wifi, all hell will break loose.

Hurricane SANDY  watch the loop - Sandy taking a nasty turn to DC NOAA #Sandy #storm

MT #Sandy#evac **Mandatory Evacuation Order** Everyone occupying #loc Fire Island NY #info must b

I've set up the official hashtag for Hurricane Sandy. #SandyBucket  Send thoughts and pictures the next couple of days. Use #SandyBucket.

If this hurricane interferes with me getting 3 monday night, I'll stab nature in the dick

Sandy likely to be a multi-billion dollar disaster for the U.S. | Dr. Jeff Masters' WunderBlog

Good group to read and follow Hurricane Sandy still poised to deliver a historic blow to the northeast U.S.

Thanks to Sandy's blustery winds, we have all the windows open. Maybe that will clean the sickness out of our house

Prepare for Sandy and keep safe. God bless.

Frankenstorm Sandy is neck and neck with the current Benghazi scandal.  Perfect storm nothing to do wi

MT Dr. Masters: Sandy to have TS-force winds 400 miles from center, driving much larger storm surge than peak winds suggest.

Some people preparing for this hurricane are insane, I just saw a guy fill up 5 different gallon jugs of gas

I think Splenda knows Sandy is coming.

fuck a hurricane.tell Sandy meet me at ma front door.

Yeah there is a huge storm coming- hurricane bitch

Man that hurricane ain't gon be that bad

Yeah . Besides The Rain Its NiCE . But I Seen A Mini Hurricane  My Nerves Shot The Fuck Up !

We were willing to go out in a hurricane to see new Nexus products, but Google wisely postponed Monday's launch event.

News Update: Hurricane Sandy Forces Google to Cancel Android Event

LES PICKLE DAY POSTPONED UNTIL SUNDAY 11/4 DUE TO HURRICANE SANDY. PLEASE RT

Breaking News: Sandy leaves Cuba shattered

Omw back to DC thanks to hurricane Sandy

Praying everyone (including me) stays safe during Hurricane #Sandy

12z GFS brings ~950mb #Sandy between #NYC  Atlantic City.  The GFS for the last 2 days coming around to the EURO solution.

2 RBNY goals in 1st half is more rare than a hurricane, break that news NBC!

So a halo around the sun means rain soon. Get ready for #Sandy

now I don't feel so bad, better I found out now before the hurricane hits.

Irene knocked over a bunch of trees  no power in some areas It's a big deal. Its rare to ever have a hurricane here.

Just found out Sandy is supposed to hit on the same night as show. Not cool

Hurricane Sandy can suck my left nut *ion cur* lmfao , Bitch better let me get some patties before she make her way over

, this hurricane needa hurry up  come  go !

Ready for Frankenstorm Sandy? Online resources for disaster survival planning

Idk bout anyone else but I hope this hurricane literally dips its balls right in new brunswicks mouth I wanna come back to destruction

New York City Considering Evacuations As Hurricane Sandy Strengthens:  As Hurricane Sandy approaches New York Ci

#Sandy #MA Emergency management offers free alert app for MA residents   #hmrd via

get your hoes in line sandy!lmao :p

USGS Storm-Surge Sensors Deployed Ahead of Tropical Storm Sandy: RESTON, Va. -- Storm response crews fr  #geology

Hurricane Palmateer will reach Lexington at 8 PM tonight

Tenebroust: Obama the anti-progressive; blurring the lines further in faux elections; frankenstorm Sandy: Obam

Preparing for the hurricane. How the heck is it that a hurricane would even be expected to have an effect here in WV? Geez.

Doing a Pre-Sandy backup as our datacenter is in Washington DC.  Will be up shortly as the backup is finished.

It seesm so unusual, that this #Sandy takes his left turn S of NYC, then goes toward Tronnausually they go up the coast

Shopping for the hurricane weather man says its possibly the largest storm to hit cape cod in a decade

if that happens it will be the most bad ass hurricane EVA!

i left my cassettes in yr basement. Please protect from #sandy

News Hurricane Sandy still on track to deliver a major blow - Washington Post: Telegraph.co.ukHurricane Sandy st

Now you KNOW it's bad if Al Roker is reporting from your beach town!! #rehobothbeach #Sandy

That monster hurricane? They're expecting it to touch down in my county. The options of where to go are limited  not much better

Omg the hurrican sandy twitter lol

thank you sir. Gonna make it during the hurricane.

Oh Allah, please let the hurricane cancel school on Monday so I have more time to study for my midterm. Ameen.

Soabout this hurricane, why is it on the day before Halloween? I feel so bad for the kids.

If you don't get me, I have my phone off so I can get majority of my work done in case this hurricane is coming for us.

All the Halloween decorations are down thank you Sandy this sucks

Good luck to anyone facing down #Sandy . Hunker down and stay safe.

I have vodka and marijuana. Hurricane party? I think so.

I am just water and wind, maybe a few feet of snow, its nothing to worry about #hurricane #sandy #frankenstorm

Man I'd could b gettin OT at work today cause hurricane sandy still makin these ppl clear mh shelves

Fox29 WFLX TV, West Palm Beach, Florida-Amid dire forecast, Sandy a  -

Gas line up here in NJ in preparation for Sandy.

Even on the West Coast of Florida, today we are still feeling strong wind gust. Be ready for #Sandy. Listen to the warnings!

Looks like Hurricane Sandy hit Providence a few days early

Foercasters on Hurricane Sandy: 'One for the record books'

Looks like Holmdel schools will b closed on Monday in anticipation of #Sandy. Hurricane party anyone?

Huntington (WV) WOWK:  FirstEnergy wants customers to prepare for Hurricane Sandy . More #Energy #news -

Not sure if this is a hurricane or a govt scare tactic, to force us to shop and pump $$$ into the economy. #sandystayoffmylawn lol

Sandy can't you see I'm in miseryWe made a start now were apartThere's nothing left for me

Use only flashlights for emergency lighting. Candles pose the risk of fire. Check on people with special needs. #Hurricane

DEC also authorized rls of up to 600K gpd from #Schoharie Resevoir for emergency protocol #Sandy #beprepared

Brooke is one of the volunteers wtih heading east to help Hurricane Sandy victims. Interview later today

Google Event Cancelled Due To Hurricane Sandy: Google has cancelled its big Android event, previo  #Science #News

#HAARP def uping the ante this year with this Sandy heaux

I doubt a hurricane even breeze threw here

Gas stations packed !!!! Everyone's leaving while I'm getting ready for my hurricane party ayyyye

Everyone's thinking essentials for hurricane preparation. I'm thinking cute new rain boots.

Hurricane Sandy take it easy on us. #SincerelyTheLowerEasternShore

How are you using SM for Hurricane #Sandy? 3 examples I found interesting:  #smem

UPDATE: Sandy regains hurricane status on approach to U.S. Canadian Hurricane Centre says Ontario may see the worst.

we are hurricane-ready, which is to say we have bacon, liquor, and tp in this house now.

My room looks like hurricane sandy already hit it.

Google cancels Mondays Android event due to Hurricane Sandy   #android

EAST COAST: print this list! It has everything you need to prepare your pets for Hurricane #Sandy:  via

Governor Patrick has declared a state of emergency in advance of Hurricane #Sandy. Will will soon update you on how

5 Emergency Apps to Download Before Hurricane Sandy

im back in you nyc, lets do this hurricane thing.

RT the 'Horrorcaine' is a made up storm to scare people into buying products thus stimulating the economy! #imagine #nj #hurricane #sandy

I'm supposed to land in Richmond approximately an hour before Sandy is set to make landfall. Scrambling to figure out WTF is happening.

2day=annoying (stupid woman picks fight w/my spin instructor/ iPhone dies 2 days b4 Sandy hits--every ATT/Apple store is sold out of iP5).

Red sky at morning - Frimpits take warning. .. . . . #hurricane #sandy #red #sky #hurricanesandy

what if hurricane sandy was named off that crazy squirrel in spongebob?

Hurricane Sandy, bring it! We bought a generator last storm, so I'm not too worried :]

Hurricane Sandy? What next, Hurricane Spongebob?

My aunt said that Bitch Sandy making me sick. And I don't even know her. Lol. That was funny. lls she talking bout the hurricane

You able to get back ok with Sandy rolling in? Hope all ok.

due to hurricane guys my internet was down so i didnt get to go on twitter :(

Flood Watches and High Wind Warnings have expanded to include much of Pennsylvania and Northeast Ohio. Sandy's h

Pray that hurricane Sandy doesn't hit us and it turns towards ocean :)

When is Aunty Hurricane Sandy coming to town?

nope, sandy hold him bk

these hurricane sandy tweets ain funny.

Well no school Monday and Tuesday, thanks to sandy..Idk how to feel. Kinda scared, kinda not. #mixedfeelings

yea were preparing. the news said its the worst hurricane since 1950. So I'm pretty shooken up. But thank u :D

any plans of canceling school this week due to Sandy?

Tidewater LOW, the Dominion Derby Girls are ready for tonight, so if you're all prepared for Sandy, come on out

The way they talk once the hurricane reaches the Northeastern US's land it will linger for a while ;(

People going hard about this hurricane

Damn Sandy, tryin to fuck up a nigga weekend.

Below is an updated look at #Hurricane Sandy's predicted path. For more detailed info visit

It shouldn't take a hurricane warning to convince you to evacuate Florida.

I wonder how long it is before we see a photoshopped picture of #Sandy coming ashore.

Thank you Sandy , just don't hit my crib bitch !

Photo: Hurricane #Sandy as seen from the International Space Station

Fuck this hurricane as long as my power dont go out im cool wit it

when the storms of life are raging, stand by me    #storm #Sandy #stand

(NY) SANDY TO IMPACT THE NORTHCOUNTRY WITH STRONG WINDS AND RAIN MONDAY THROUGH TUESDAY .NEW INFORMATION A

Bitches worried about costumes, its not even gonna be a fuckin halloween when sandy done with us.

Everyone at the Court St, Brooklyn Trader Joe's needs to cool it. #sandy

any tips on how to evacuate poppop? Or more importantly, how to keep his yogurt cold. #sandy

Who is ready for the hurricane?   Ik I'm sure not happy that it will b durring my 21st birthday

Egg harbor city schools are closed Monday and Tuesday due to sandy

So many times we've been told we're getting huge snow storms/hurricanes and we never do. Therefore, I'll believe Sandy's power when I see it

MT Easy #HurricaneSandy Tip no 1: Take time NOW to plan, secure resources, + communication plans for family/friends. #Sandy

An update on how Hurricane Sandy can affect your calls and what Advantage TeleMessaging, Inc. is doing about it.

There is no I in Team, but there is an I in Hurricane (but not in Sandy). #MadeUpHurricaneSandyFacts

Thinking of everyone affected by Hurricane Sandy #SoSad #StayStrong

lmao he doesnt want my hurricane flyers to keep him safe

if I disappear for a few days its because of Hurricane Sandy :(

Every year there's a hurricane I'm with my bf lmao

With news reports saying Hurricane Sandy will impact our area tomorrow night through Monday night, we will

Thanks mate. It was a great wee scene and an honour acting opposite Sandy Morton!

- Caribbean death toll of Sandy raised to 58 (CBS News): Share With Friends:  |  | Top News - World Ne

Hope de hurricane comes on Monday morning got a test dat time n am nt prepared

Warga Pesisir Timur AS Siap Hadapi Badai Sandy

fuck that party , Hurricane Sandy gonna turn it out . ctfu . Y'all gonna be in there partying , while niggas out hea dying

If someone ends up overstaying their visa in NYC due to flights cancelled b/c of #Sandy, will it be overlooked?

The governor doing a pretty good job of making me feel alarmed about #Sandy. Multiple-day power outages are the worst.

My local gas station is mobbed #netde #sandy

No we don't have any more water. If we did, don't you think it'd be out? #Frankenstorm #Sandy

Hurricane Sandys gonna be knocking bitches the fuck out #rns

my cowboy headed out prob last ride til storm #Sandy over

soo who throwing the hurricane banger?

Its raining so much cause of this hurricane coming towards Canada.

wow jersey schools were closed because or hurricane sandy , fucking bloomberg

{ Hello #Hurricane, you're not enough / Hello #Hurricane, you can't silence my love }

Lenspen Lens Cleaning System + Hurricane Blower + Deluxe 5-Piece Cleaning KitFor The DXG-580V High Definition Ca

Storm Surge, Inland Flooding Expected From Sandy: Federal officials warn Maryland residents to prepare for heavy

Doing this while preparing for Hurricane Sunday#studying #midterm #GPA

Just picked up 3 thirty packs. Bring it Sandy!

Just tuned in 2 the radio listening 2 good music waitin 4 this #hurricane

I've just seen hundreds of utility vehicles traveling north on Interstate 81. Seriously. #Sandy #frankenstorm #fb

(Lots of) Birds on wireProbably chirping about Sandy and the pending apocalypse.

YES. No hurricane can stop us.

Sending thoughts and prayers to the folks of and beyond, who are in the path of #Sandy! #BeSafe #StaySmart!

Hurricane Sandy is already kicking arse..threatening 60 million plus

thank god my car takes plus bc there is no regular gas anywhere #sandy

A1A north of Birch State Park iis pretty much a part of the atlantic now #Sandy #sofla #lauderdale

A song to sandy . Bands to make her rain , bands to make her rain . This rain clapping on my window pain !

Before, During n After the hurricane has been proving excellent service to their valued customers!Much Appreciated!

Smh,  I'm Hurricane Celibate: ( Lol

FEMA: Items You Need Ahead Of Sandy - WRIC Richmond News and Weather -

Are u guys staying safe today? I've heard another hurricane is trying to blast the people in NJ :(

Fuck a Hurricane Sandy ! t(-.-t)

Sandy better not ruin my Wednesday.

Sandy betta behave her ras!!!!

Hurricane Preparedness - useful information from The National Hurricane Center at NOAA

Hurricane Sandy: Get Ready Before 'Frankenstorm' Arrives -

If you want coffee in Sea Bright, you're screwed. #Sandy #jerseyshore

RT if you wanna participate in a hurricane slurricane party

Yall niggas on twitter maaan You wish the hurricane would hit your city?!? What kind of shit//thats ignorant smh

Ppl really trippin bout this hurricane

NO FUN! Hurricane Sandy Path: Map Tracks Direction Of Deadly Storm As It Heads Toward East Coast  via

I hope this hurricane don't come this way , on the real.

i wanna get trapped with someone by the hurricane.. and traditionally that is always .. so uh get your butt over here.

SANDY BETTER LUBE THAT BUTT UP.. CAUSE IM COMING IN HOT!

Caribbean death toll rises as Hurricane Sandy sweeps toward U.S.: A handout photo of a National Oceanic and Atmo

AP Top Stories: Here's the latest news for Saturday, Oct. 27: States prepare for Hurricane Sandy; Obama  #Atlanta #GA

they're closing down trains during the hurricane so no way in hell we're having school monday/tuesday

When I heard about the hurricane, I checked to see where Justin was that day so I knew he wouldn't be hurt.3

Nothing like flying with #hurricane #sandy right of North Carolina's coast #scary

Red Cross Tips for Hurricane Sandy -WTAJ  #SouthLakemont #Altoona #PA

stoy me away in your luggage!? Hey I need ur helpwith the hurricane

Bill and his dad are moving our washer and dryer from the basement to the shed for hurricane prep. Leaky basements suck.

Taking more time to prep for my halloween costume then for Hurricane Sandy

Ready for our 3rd Annual Community Event. Sandy won't stop us from getting wild at the VA Living Museum!

Stronger Sandy Heads for East Coast (Wall Street Journal)  #Business

Come to Maryland for the next week. We're going to get fucked by a hurricane, a nor'easter, and a cold front.

it's a hurricane coming VA wayhad to evacuate

Grocery shopping to stock up in case sandy really is a crazy bitch

thanks doll. Wine + movies + snacks =my hurricane #sandy survival kit. ;)

In case of a hurricane, cows are actually let go in the field to rough it then they survive and then  we kill them. :( #JusticefortheCow

Hurricane Sandy is on the way.We hope she changes her mind and turns back around  into the sea.

18Z GFS valid late Monday night. One picture tells the story #sandy

My bitch hurricane sandy gon' hit maryland soon

HURRICANE SANDY IS TWERKIN AROUND THE EAST COAST SO GET READY DMV WHOOP WHOOP

Seems like the whole continent is missing me #NYC #Sandy

Apperantly Hurricane Sandy Coming To Canada? S'all Good I'ma Survive That .

HURRICANE SANDY ALERT: Delaware governor orders a mandatory evacuation of coas

Why is there a hurricane Sandy parody account when the world has had millions of other horrible storms

My parents are going to a Halloween party tonight I did my dads makeup and (my mom) sandy from Greece

Praying #sandy goes back out to see and away from us.

5 reasons why Sandy is expected to be a superstorm of epic proportions.

Hurricanes News- Hurricane Sandy: how utilities are planning for power outages - Christian Science Monitor -

I hope not! I really don't want to deal with a hurricane :)

I will not being updating this stream again until 10pm EST pay attn to your local news for continuous alerts and coverage. #Sandy

will new jersey get hit by sandy?

New video in 15 then Idk what's gunna happen with this hurricane.

#world How to Prepare for Hurricane Sandy:      Hurricane Sandy will be hammering the Mid-Atlantic coast  #hacker

Map shows NYC and low, medium, high risk for evacuation from Sandy. I'm 2 blocks from the Low area. Sounds good to me.

CBS News: Meteorologist David Bernard on Sandy's path:

Getting ready for Halloween party !!! Also getting super pissed at hurricane sandy hope that bitch passes NYC fast

if i die from the hurricane i love you okayyyy

The Hurricane Isn't Guaranteed and a Hurricane Is Just Heavy Wind  Lots Of Rain So Most Likely We Won't Die If You Stay Inside

If we can get out of classes Wednesday too I'm naming my first daughter Sandy

There's a fucking hurricane and y'all dying to go to scarowinds

Mon will b a busy day if sandy dnt prevent me frm boarding my flight on Tues gotta submit my VOTE (since

How do you take that name seriously. Like all I can think when you say hurricane sandy is sandy from spongebob

Yupstay safe girls!  But I just wish I could get that darn Sandy song from the movie out of my headlol!

Sandy Dont Be a Bitch Like Katrina Was!!

Look like its gonna be me and 2k13  during the hurricane

Young brothers, give her a title before sandy gets her and you'll get her to the crib.

Sandy: 71 yrs old, dyed red hair, cigarette smoke is part of her wardrobe she sends food back at a diner. Trust me, y

Sandy as of 5pm Cat 1 storm max winds of 75mph

#Sandy reminder: isn't it great that #caracol is open? All of that $ could have been spent to rebuild houses  lives for #Haitians  #Haiti.

hell yeah we need to have a hurricane sandy party

Just like i said for Hurricane Irene,  Bring It

Outran Sandy at the #Wicked10k. Thanks JA Racing for another great race!

Ray Kelly looks positively furious in background at #Sandy presser

This hoe named Sandy I can feel some of her effects

Wasguu with the cyphs before this bitch sandy come through

Bloomberg is NOT going to evacuate any NYC areas says surge won't be a hurricane surge WOW

phones broke and theres a hurricane coming #fuuuuuuck

Hey Hurricane Sangita. Try not to hurt anybody or do too much damage! ;)

Hurricane Sandy coming rite for us

#BreakingNews #News #mondoTgcom 00:26 - SANDY, EVACUATA COSTA DEL DELAWARE

Hurricane Sandy headed to where my mom lives.

It appears that Mayor Bloomberg is extremely underesetimating Sandy's threat to NYC after Irene last year. NYC firends be careful.

HURRICANE SANDY PREP  BE SAFE YALL

if I can't go out for Halloween bc of this hurricane I'll be pissed

#Sandy: good opportunity for the #ows hobos to finally get the hell out of the city

I would drive through a hurricane to watch the USWNT play. #truefan

HURRICANE SANDY AIN'T EVEN A SCARY NAME THO. I NEED A TERRIFYING NAME LIKE HURRICANE SHANAYNAY

Sandy's on the wayare you ready for her?: You don't have to become a survivalist, do you know what you would need

why is there are no Hurricane Watches nor Tropical Storm Watches anymore?

I knew a girl named Sandy and she was a bitch. This storm is following suit.

so I guess Sandy took your advice, left S.FL unharmed and went to go blow spongebob..

I seriously hope Hurricane Sandy knocks our school down. Don't wanna take this Gehm and Martinez test.

They more than likely will. I'm pretty sure they don't want kids to be in school during a hurricane, lol.

Sandy come sweep me away , away from Monte . !!!!

Halloween SAND-amonium!!! SEE LIKE THE HURRICANE! #TheDayAfterTomorrow #spoooooky

Hope that hurricane don't do all the damage they say it's Gona do smh

Villanova University CLOSED Monday and Tuesday due to Hurricane Sandy. Best news I herd all day:)

hey university closed for hurricane you want a storm buddy ur coffee bitch can bring coffee kind bars  movies s'mores vodka:)

I feel sorry for those who have to deal with this hurricane that is comin' up..

Lol cause I'm getting prepared for sandy !

How do you wrap a broken window for a hurricane? #asktwitter

#Obama - coordination - receive an update on ongoing federal actions to prepare for Hurricane #Sandy as it moves toward the #US mainland

#Wroc_news8  Here's my two cents on Sandy and her impacts on our region.  Read and reply!  #roc

My god everybody, IT MIGHT RAIN A LITTLE BIT IN NEW YORK! #frankenstorm #sandy

wow is being incredibly irresponsible with his word choices.. encourages complacency.. #irresponsible #sandy

Do you think Mayor Bloomberg down played the seriousness of the storm? #sandy #Hurricane

Not Too Concerned with all this Hype  Hysteria Concerning #Sandy as long as the power doesn't go out until I get to see my Win.

Hurricane or not, electric power or not ,alcohol is a wonderful idea whatever the context you're in

We all know you aren't going to be hit by a hurricane so

Wife pissed cuz in the face of Hurricane Sandy I'm stressing about being able to watch the Skins tomorrow.

I admire the government officials who seriously take time to address hurricane Sandy.

Hurricane Sandy has a Twitter Anon page already ? It's not that serious .

i'm HOPING #Sandy pans out so THEY evacuate and I can #loot their motherfuckin' house..lmfao #BOGUS #storm!

sorry confused the big banana/apple. nbd buddy. let #sandy clean the streets 1st #non-stress

NY  the entire east coast is getting hit with hurricane Sandy tomorrow.. Im glad i have your songs to listen to :D

Best Wishes to everyone waiting for #Sandy. Stay safe and take care of each other.

is so tight he's leaving Florida on Thursday #sandy #suckstosuck

#sandy is not just a hurricane, she's a superstorm. Incredible winds, historic storm surge and heavy duty rain

I uploaded a video  Hurricane Sandy. Connecticut Governor Dannell Molloy Declares State of Emergency.

Not Sandy Yet: Sue90ca Hurricane Sandy Will Be Paying Us A Visit posted a photo:

Just got my copy of Progression Magazine #64 in the mail. Sandy and I are set 4 the weekend

yeah, but I've been in a hurricane before in Florida and I lived, so we should all be fine

This wet bitch Sandy needs to cum already lolMy name is Anchor ,and I approve this message.

it's kinda bad that im retweeting all of hurricane sandy's tweets they are so funny though!

Latest info on #HurricaneSandy from the National Hurricane Center. Please stay safe.

Hurricane Sandy? what a joke i bet nothing happens just like last year

#climate-change: Hurricane Sandy as 'super storm': Is climate change a factor? - Los Angeles Times

The storm is really a hurricane inside a developing nor'easter.  Track and development together are unprecedented.

5 Reasons Sandy Will Be Epic: 5 Reasons Sandy Will Be Epic(Third column, 2nd story, l  #news rt via

Whos up to go to Ocean City when the hurricane comes? #BestWaves

Hurricane Sandy headed straight for us in Maryland.gathering supplies and batteries!!!

S/O to Sandy cause a bitch ain't got school Monday (:

That's what I said, too: Sandy is far too friendly a name! Good luck weathering the storm.

I hope this hurricane doesn't mess up my Halloween. I gotta have my candy, know what I'm sayinn.?

crump  jackson did nothing wrong?Is ur head buried in sandy-denial 2 deep 2C truth? Both + parks lied on TV repeatedly #FauxTM

Caravan of Ohio lineman trucks heading East from Ohio. #sandy

Who knew that NOVA would run out of gas like Florida before a hurricane!?! #NOVAproblems #hurricanesandy

Is it bad I'm not even worried about this hurricane

hahah that's such a good idea so let's do it we just need to survive the hurricane

We need to know WHICH communities are being evacuated. Evacuation maps are meaningless.  #epicFail  #Sandy

Okay guys, I'm actually really freaking scared of this hurricane.

iyt I will be in sandy during the week if you wanna gwarn or anything so yeh safe cool

hey lady. Am a hurricane sandy refugee out in LA this week. Shall we make good on that rain checked drink from earlier this year?

Hurricane sandy is unpredictable, wild and a bit of a monster. FIGURES  my DOG sandy is just like that. Lol :p

Sandy  Get out ah here

I should of gone to the hotel for hurricane

Why are you driving 20mph? If #sandy hits you're the first to go, since you can't comprehend how to move. #killingflowoftraffic

Females always be trying to fuck some shit up. This bitch #Sandy must be on her period.

Can anyone explain why #Rutgers hasn't cancelled classes yet? My closest class is a mile away, I'm not about to walk there in a hurricane.

NWS predicts 20 foot waves will hit south shore of Long Island. Wow. Just wow. #Sandy #NYCwx

GOD knows what shall happen with the Hurricane which HE made, and has utter Control over. WE do not.

Three/21 Original Sweatshirts now available! Just in time for the hurricane #team321 #hurricanesandy

Water is almost covering our dock so just waiting to see what sandy has in store

Damn I need to get the hell on the west coast! #Sandy bugger off

#revenge my Victoria Grayson pumpkin had a stroke cuz of #sandy

Flashlight check. Batteries, radio amd water check. Snacks! Check. Ok im set for the potentoal hurricane.

Watch out hurricane sandy is coming your way my yanky bro in law

King of #KRON4, Gary Radnich, joining me on set tonight at 8PM. We'll talk all things #SFGiants, and have the latest on #Sandy.

Aghhhhh. I wasn't particularly freaked out about Sandy, but I just watched like fifteen minutes of the news and I sure am now

Could't hear it bc of this damn hurricane coverage in NC:(  Looked greatlol

Hurricane Sandy has already killed people, hope everybody stays safe specially my girlfriend, fam,  some counted friends

Thinking of those in Sandy's destructive path Be safe and well!

Hurricane preparedness tip: if you lose power the first priority should be eating all the ice cream in your freezer

And the school workers have blasted the rachet music. It's gonna be a live 12 hours #2chainz #shelterduty #Sandy

I hope this bitch Sandy just ruin the infrastructure of my school or drown that shit or something

not really when u got a hurricane coming ur way lol

This hurricane is actually really scary right now. It's going to do a lot of damage.

OMG GUYS A HURRICANE HAS A TWITTER THAT'S SOOO FUNNY HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA

How long before Al Qaeda claims responsibly for Hurricane Sandy?

So how about that Hurricane :3 Sandy is it?

Hurricane Sandy Update: Along with ODU  NSU - WilliamMary and Christopher Newport University are closed Monday. Classes canceled. WooWoo

Please all my friends on the east coast take care of yourself during hurricane sandy! God bless!

Shout out to  Did a great job through #Sandy  Whoever is manning that account is on point! #wel

Hurricane Sandy update - Wicked Local - Economic TimesHurricane Sandy updateWicked LocalBecause of Sandy#39;s large

If you're wondering sandy has a song like Irene did.#grease y'all! Lol

Hampton Homecoming.. bundled up for Hurricane Sandy (:

Nuclear Regulatory Commission watches reactors in Sandy's path |

If megastorm Sandy struck east of Glacier Park we wouldn't even bother to close our garage doors.  It's all a matter of perspective.

According to the weather channel, I'm in the danger zone ;) #sandy #frankenstorm

How the hell you about to make another hurricane sandy account? Unoriginal fuck.

staying my ass home tonight , i aint fucking with sandy lol

Take note. 9 states now under States of Emergency (DE,MA,MD,CT,VA,NC,PA,NJ,NY) because of me. 20' waves expected on LI. #Sandy

Wind, rain from Hurricane Sandy hit Outer Banks - The Virginian-Pilot: The Virginian-PilotWind, rain from Hurric

Storm prep underway, hope it's all just a lot of wind and rain #Sandy

#Hurricane and #Cyclone #Resource Blog -  via Shareaholic updates, maps, storm surge, #info4 #Sand

Ohh yeaaaaa! Three day weekend!!! #sandy #noclass #no6amworkout #nopractice

Going live again from 10 to 12. Keep it on news channel 12 for the latest on Sandy.

im so pissed ! i could be doing something else tonight but no i have a tournament in the hurricane at the ass crack of dawn

The islands buzzing we aren't leaving gimme your best shot you big bitch FUCK YOU #SANDY

A hurricane sandy twitter page! LOL I can't!

Once again fully prepped and glued to the TV with on. #Sandy is coming

I have 3 generators in my house, come at me sandy!

Niggas said dey having a sandy kickback!! I caaannnnttt!! lol

Hurricane Sandy: Frequently Asked Questions  This article is out of  DC but good information.#phillyweather

when do you get back, Sandy might upset plans?

Step by step breakdown of impact from hurricane Sandy: winds watch.png. High wind watch up for all of Southern N

Some of us East coasters have #sandy coming and are doing storm prep. UGH

We're starting to feel #Sandy here in the den. Wind just blew two 4th grade class schedules across the room. Wife's planning disrupted.

with all these #Sandy post of prep they all have #madelf in them I guess they'll be out of the elf by #thanksgiving

One thing sandy will not take from me is my Mariano Rivera duffel bag. #thruthicknthin

oh tht would be wonderful *scared ears* #Sandy #KollegeGame

school is good and fun. they told us to evacuate cause of hurricane sandy. How r u and school?

weather is awesome! I love hurricanes like a madman. I miss that part of the east coast. Sandy is an easy one; you're ok.

Hurricane Prep Advice #2: cold press coffee from Gorilla Coffee

I would kill to see y'all live to avoid the hurricane see my brother an watch my favorite steelers win #SteelerNation

Pandora was all good until hurricane chris came on

sandy queef im ready for you

Some Girl Gonna Say she is going to be  sound a sleep during the hurricane; girl that shit gonna blow your house away lOl .

wow this hurricane, messed up a lot of my plans. #sike what plans? ahaa

Winds in Elizabeth City N.C. (near the Virginia border) already gusting to 30-40mph. Hugh wind field with this storm. #hurricanesandy #sandy

#Sandy remains a Cat 1 Hurricane with winds of 75 mph, min. pressure of 961mb. located near 30.5N 74.7W and moving NE at 11 mph.

I favorited a video  RED ALERT!!! NWO CRACKED! HURRICANE SANDY IS A DIVERSION TO WW3

you ready for your first-ever hurricane?

I'm killing someone if this hurricane or whatever takes out my power and won't let me play the new #assassinscreed3. #nerd

#Sandy Greatest threat to barrier islands(wind,rain,etc) heaviest rain shown in SNJ, check out map  join us live 6a

Sandy is gonna be fashionably late - doesn't arrive until late Sunday or Monday #whattabeeyotch

Be ready to be flexible this week - Sandy is not a friend of NA athletic schedules!

so is this hurricane really gonna happen?

let's go jay- we never made it there the last hurricane #raincheck

i agree! Hurricane Sandy. that's like calling it Hurricane Uncle Pete!

bahahahaha I don't always start new jobs but when I do I make sure it's during a hurricane #nailedit

Hurricane Sandy is coming!!  Prepare and include your pet(s) in your disaster preparedness plan.  Food, water,

Having to shower with candles in the bathroom because Sandy blew a fuse

is moving planes away, adding extra flights out of impacted areas  will soon begin #Sandy cancellations

Bloomburg is down playing this Hurricane. DONT LISTEN TO HIM START PRAYING IF YOUR IN THE RED ZONE

Guess ill do some laundry and wait till monday to fold it. Thatll give me something to do when the power goes out. Thanks #sandy

[from archietse] New York City Hurricane Evacuation Zones - Interactive Map -

Every body is tweeting on how they're excited on school being cancelled b/c of the hurricane, I just want my family to be safe, tbh

At least one good thing out of this hurricane is no school

People is dead ass going in for this hurricane!

(VA) COLDER AIR MOVING INTO THE SOUTHERN APPALACHIAN REGION AS MOISTURE FROM HURRICANE SANDY NEARS MUCH COLDER

i did not have hurricane on my bucket list!

I want to go home!!! I have a hurricane to prepare for.

So bored and sick and tired of hearing about Hurricane Sandy

Is there going to be a twitter account for every hurricane I might as well make an account for my bed or something.

Thinking of all in the path of #Sandy. Need supplies - batteries, flashlights, bottled water? We're here to help.

Dear Hurricane Sandy,  please cancel school!!!!!!!!!!!from, students everywhere in east coast

Hurricane Sandy: Mother Nature's Revenge on the US 2012 Election? #climate

you know when you want something to happen but it wont simply for the fact that you want it to happen? yeah! well sandy

I miss already:/ and he just left. Makin sure she's gonna be here during this hurricane

Dad stocked up on enough canned food for hurricane #Sandy and then a zombie apocalypse. #FeedMe

East Haven, Bridgeport and Fairfield CT have been asked to evacuate by 12 noon the latest Sunday October 28th Everyone please be safe#Sandy

If this hurricane kills me, I've lived a good life.

If I don't die from Hurricane Sandy. I'm definitely going to die from a broken heart on Nov 24th

Amanda P.'s Review of The Adventure Park at Sandy Spring Friends School - Sandy Spring (5/5) on Yelp

Hurricane sandy is coming this night, everybody prayer for us

Hurricane Sandy Update: Florida warning canceled, New Jersy in state of emergency | Alaska Dispatch:   #HurricaneSandy

so they say hurricane sandy wont come till monday afternoon soooo no classes monday or tuesday? i can dig it

Looking at the damage that hurricane Sandy as done. It is so sad that the poor states get to have the biggest loss and damage #smh

If this hurricane destroys my house, who may I live with?

Disaster Tipsheet: Prepping For Hurricane Sandy

ERC prepared to close the Midtown Tunnel in Norfolk before 9 AM high tide on Sunday #sandy #Vdot

Temperature has dropped, and the wind is picking up. Shit is about to get real. Sandy is not playing. Bri Babi

the fact that these hurricane tweets have my literally laughing shows how exciting my life is

I honestly can't wait til the hurricane !

Sandy is a Duck The NHC Needs to Get Their Quack On

ALL I SEE IS HURRICANE SANDY PUTTIN ON HER MAKE UP, MANE WHEN I FIRST GOT READY FOR EASTCOAST D I DID MORE THAN DAT BITCH.

HOW AM I GOING TO SURVIVE A HURRICANE what if my phone runs out of battery and I can't follow this fandom is the apocalypse trying to happen

The media is trying to shift it towards Hurriane Sandy that won't do squat rather than focus on Libya, #CoverUp

#NJ Freeholder shares and NFWL initiative Text First, Talk Second, during #Hurricane #Sandy http

Hurricane sandy getting class cancelled as an early birthday present to me #clutch

i hope they know if we have school monday and the hurricane comes i'm not staying calm in a shelter in place

- my parents went shopping for the hurricane sandy.  lol

Prepped to see a few cum dumpsters tonight #halloweekend #sandy

Monday finna be fun ! Sandy .. dont frick up my plans!

Halloween before Sandy in Red Hook

I'm more afraid of losing power than Hurricane Sandy.

I purchased 3books today I'm ready for Sandy

fuck sandy u need to take yo ass back to the bikini bottom.. lmao #stolen fr

Me:theirs gonna be a hurricane lia. My niece: that's my name and I think they passed L already. She had me rolling

Sandy better do something to make my trip home worth it.

Monmouth, Ocean counties expected to be 'hardest hit,' state official says  via #Sandy #jerseyshore

they seriously have a twitter account for this hurricane..

people making twitter accounts for hurricane sandy , smh

everybody sayin how they want the hurricane to fuck up their state buut when people die yall gonna be baby cryin

they made a twitter page for hurricane sandy  people make pages for anything . like when some clown made a page for Beyonces fetus

Frankenstorm (Hurricane Sandy being used to effect 3rd party Debate and Election results?

I love how I referred to the hurricane by its name sandy better stay the fuck away Hahaha ok dear lord

#Sandy Needa Gtfo And Dont Come 2 NY !

Has anyone else noticed that the hurricane Sandys twit pic looks like a skull

Watch hurricane sandy be an hour long drizzle lol

Stocked up on cat food today. #Sandy

Why do people want a hurricane Are you dumb..

Shame on Mayor . Didn't we learn anything from Katrina? How soon we forget. #Sandy #NYC

A real man would be out there during the hurricane, stealing Obama signs out of people's yards.

I really want school to be cancelled just so i can run during the hurricane portion of the storm #sandy #xc

We'll be in Montgomery County tomorrow w who will be talking #Sandy prep for the #StormWatch

Watching weather channel  feeling badly 4 every1 in her path, especially since u all in the NE r not hurricane veterans like we are in SoFL

A nigga ain't thinking bout that hurricane shit

Last plane and I'm gone to the crib happy muhhfuckin hurricane day muhhfuckas lol

wondering what Sandy will bring to NJ, hope no too much damage.

Alsothe hurricane is now being called zombie apocalypsemuch more dramatic and fun to talk about

where is this hurricane sandy need her to get things live before i have to go to work in the am

On the Jersey shore, some opt to wait for Sandy - Philadelphia Inquirer

GO AWAY STUPID HURRICANE SANDY ALL YOU HAVE BROUGHT IS SHAME AND DESPAIR I WANT TO TRICK OR TREAT

best news is no colonoscopy! can't imagine going thru that prep in a hurricane! YAY!

I hope sandy aint nothing but a motha fuckin drizzle

OBAMA WILL CALL OFF FOR A HURRICANE BUT WOULDN'T CANCEL HIS HOLLYWOOD FUNDRAISER IN VEGAS.CASE CLOSED WE NOW SEE HIS PRIORITIES

I wanna welcome sandy with a beer #hurricaneparty

Wishing safety and good times indoors for all of my East Coast friends. #sandy

To cancel or modify your reservation due to Sandy (aka Frankenstorm), message us on Facebook, email us at

Here making sure y'all are READY for Hurricane Sandy.  State of Emergency in effect starting 5pm tomorrow. M

Dont get mad but my new girl #sandy get wetter then you lol

, lol , why they make a follow page for this hurricane ? #Bidding !

I hope knows that she has to hangout with me during the hurricane

Only good thing bout this hurricane is dat we ain't got no school

although Idk you the hurricane on Halloween yea that sucks.

Are you sticking around for #Sandy, or will you be getting home in time?

Well. They are evacuating the place I was just this morning because of the hurricane. Haha.

Let the phone calls from confused family members and friends begin re: air travel during #Sandy.

When they said hurricane sandy the first thing that flashed across my head was sandy from spongebob  a whole bunch of water lmaooo idek why

The hurricane sandy jokes ain't funny cause some people can really get hurt or die from that shit if the weather is s

Blame it on the hurricane; no HHmkt tomorrow!  Be safe y'all.  Always ThinkFall!

If Chris Christie would just stand outside, Hurricane Sandy would have to divert around New Jersey.

Mass. Seawall repair not Ready for Hurricane Sandy

ya know what would be really funny? if the hurricane didn't even happen lmao

theres a hurricane coming, James Harden went to the Rockets, and bands will make her dance.

I fucking hope this hurricane is mad overrated..cause im not finna get evacuated from my house

Hurricane Sandy On Monday? Yessss A Nigga Will Be Stacking Up On Spongebob DVDs.

I get it. Every sign says state of emergency. This hurricane is overrated like the last one. Shut up already.It's only going to be rain

Sandy is going to hit that dougie in Rhode Island

Well there's gonna be a hurricane in new york and its gonna on Halloween too. woo the one year I go trick or treating with someone :) ofc

there's a hurricane coming, singing Kumbaya and tweeting #HarryStylesFollowBeauBrooks #harrystylesfollowspree #FollowMeMaybe :]

Ok all these Hurricane Sandy pages gettin wack as hell.

the news said that this is gonna be the worst hurricane we've had in the last 70 years O.O

YO SANDY I NEED TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY OFF SCHOOL HELP A BROTHA OUT!! #Sandy

Latest news: Hurricane Sandy: New Jersey Warned of 7- to 10- Day Power Outages - ABC News

TA Comment at 9:30pm: Destructive potential rating of Sandy a 5.7 out of 6 for surge/waves, higher than Katrina or Ike

the world is just boring and dry right now eh. just what until hurricane sandy hits us lls.

Hey why did you cancel stops in VA/CO because of Sandy but went ahead with your Vegas trip 24 hours after Beng

oh man I'm supposed to be holding office hours right as the hurricane hits us.  I wonder if I should cancel them, or just not show up

I just did this: Sign up for National Grid state-level broadcast text* alerts by texting the word STORM to 64743. #sandy

These hurricane sandy twitter accounts are out of control

Tsunami warning after earthquake in Masset.  #Sandy headed for eastern US.  Friend asks if end of the world.  No, we're good until 12/21.

I wouldn't care if this hurricane caused us not to have school anytime from Tuesday to Thursday .

Hurricane IRENE was just A fake bitch, but SANDY is comming strong even woth guns. Seems like one drop of water will kill 10 people.

I agree with everythin except the hurricane part lol

Sandy you better come through for me this hw is not happening

If you don't follow hurricane sandy then you're missing out

Ok I really need Sandy to pass on over who's praying??

sandy and i dont feel comfortable now #awkward

is it bad that i dont care if we dont have school from this hurricane or power or anything i just wanna play our GAAMEE #semifinals

This is how the world ends? West coast earthquake  east coast hurricane? The ISS sounds so inviting right now. Damn that dream!!!

#astoria you DO need to undecorate the front of your homes. #Sandy will take them.

Yo what is up all of my followers! this the hurricane! go telshe!

if you retweet one more hurricane sandy tweet im driving to find you and kick your assssssssss. #missyouroomie

Who is on the East Coast??? Hurricane Sandy go away B**ch!!! You are messing up my plans!!!

ok good. and what the heck is hurricane sandy

I hope Hurricane Sandy is bad because I'm not in the mood to be back at Millersville.

hurricane sandy needa be my friend so my power dont go out , me  my boyfriend

Afternoon at Sandy Beach: What a perfect day! Waves everywhere!

I was at sandy bay and I was sitting down. I heard the fitting room door open and I turned around to look.

I'm freezing COLD and FREAKING OUT. About this hurricane

explanation of the #Sandy storm business from a smart dude in eastern PA. She's gonna mess sh*t up.

sooo, looks like #sandy just might put a damper on my trip south next week.

Still not worried about Hurricane Sandy. More concerned with the fact Canada has its own Hurricane Centre

hurricane sandy ready to piss on everyone ~

Hurricane at one end of the state and a 'heavy wet snow' on the opposite end. What is up with this weather?!

How about on Monday I invite all of my followers over so we can have a giant hurricane cuddle fest .

so we have a hurricane on the east coast  an earthquake w/ tsunami watch on the west coast? wtf mother nature? #weather

Welp, Hurricane Sandy supposed to hit tomorrow,  if something really bad happens,  if i dont see you Sucks

yu betta start.. sandy fitna get down!!!. lol.

I get it. Northern track sends winds/surge offshore, not as damaging. Or so says on channel 29. #Sandy #sandynj

everything, but you said theres a hurricane to hit NY so that makes me even more sad

Everyone who is in the path of hurricane Sandy  our thoughts and prayers are with you! Please be safe.

Why is there a need for hurricane sandy to have a twitter.

Hey #Bronies of the East coast - Prepare for UTTER CHAOS!!! :D #Sandy #chaos #MyLittlePony

Finna do my essay  send it to my teacher before the hurricane come  possibly shut off my power ,

AMEN!  I don't care if hurricane Sandy comes during Halloween. I'm gettin ma mutha fucken CANDY!

Now get out before Hurricane Sandy comes!!! O_o LoL #SafeTravels

These hurricane sandy accounts tweeting  I dunno where you guys came from but keep tweetin'. Forever laughing at their tweets.

i ask for a hurricane and all i get is a tsunami no no THIS IS ALL WRONG is this what its like 2 be on super sweet 16

NYC is getting a hurricane. The midwest will eventually get one but it will be in 9 months after NYC has moved on to a

I hope this hurricane is as bad as my mom makes it out to be because I don't wanna go to school on Monday #comeonsandy #youcandothis

The North West's #Tsunami  North East's Frankentorm #sandy warnings are all Obama's fault.

(MD) TROPICAL STORM SANDY TO IMPACT THE MID ATLANTIC COAST OVERNIGHT THROUGH TUESDAY FLOOD WATCH REMAINS IN

last yr 2-3 days b4 Hur. Irene, quake in N.America (here). This year 2-3 days before sandy another quake n N.Amer (Canada)

I really don't like this year's Halloween so either I go to party city tomorrow or Halloween is cancelled. #sandy

I can't wait until we run out of names for hurricanes and just start naming them Hurricane BonQuiQui or Hurricane Honey BooBoo

Hurricane Sandy; Im not asking for alot of damage bc that would be bad. All I want is just enough to cancel school for a couple days #please

U.S PLTX: Hurricane Sandy looms over 10-day sprint to election - Reuters

Is it selfish to be concerned that oysters may be more scarce because of #Sandy?   Just in case I had a dozen tonight.

Watching spongbob in the middle of the night while drinking tea ^^~ making most of my time before I die from this hurricane coming XD

Hurricane batter the coast of my state. TAKE THAT YOU RACIST BASTARDS!

Hurricane Sandy aint even a scary name -_- I need some terrifying shit like, Hurricane SHANAYNAY or some shit.

Totally feel like sitting ducks right now. Just waiting on #sandy to hit. #frankenstorm

I hope the hurricane just hits my school that's it

Interrupting #GHOE newsuhh there's a hurricane coming  both of my parents  siblings are in unsafe places

Just felt the first few rain drops and gentle breezes at the leading edge of #Sandy. I hope we're ready.

This sandy doesn't stress ma out at all lol i am from Florida. Hurricanes are like our normal storms #hurricanesandy

I'd rather go play in a hurricane to be honest

Wait hurricane Sandy already killed people???? Shit's more serious than I though o.o

Here's What Hurricane Sandy Looks Like From Space  - Mashable: Hurricane Sandy is crawling her way up the eas

NHC now predicts #Sandy will move a bit 'faster' after making landfall. Will linger inland for 'only' about 2 days (vs 2.5 days previous).

sandy still quiet here  maybe more later  will keep you abreast of things(california, md)

It might just be me but I think there's a storm off the coast of Cape Hatteras   :)  Be safe everyone! #Sandy

So There is a huge #hurricane hitting the E coast, AND a huge #earthquake hitting off the shore of Alaska. Okay, #endoftheworld!!!

making me watch #revolution the power outage  mass hysteriathe day before the hurricane hits probably wasn't the best idea LOL

Callahan: Turning point of the Andy Reid era: Sandy, the hurricane, should begin blowing through Philadelphia to

Ohio is going to get some bad winds from this hurricane.

This hurricane shit is getting on my fucking nervess

My hurricane preparedness involves finding a classmate that has plenty of food and water and then studying at their place.

100 year hurricane, snow storms, a 7.7 EARTHQUAKE, a TSUNAMI, boy, BO pulling all stops to distract from #Benghazi. htt

Can class still be cancelled for me even though I live in Texas which is nowhere near the hurricane?!

yeaah lol, were just getting remnants n shit, not the actual full-out hurricane

Thank you Staunton, VA for a fantastic Saturday night! Now watch out for #sandy and stay safe!

Halloween, Hurricane and an Election , oh my!

Hurricane East Coast Earth Quake and tsunami warning West Coat! Fun weekend!

i hadnt read anything about this hurricane before now and now im really freaked out

We have ordered suspension of gaming activity in Atlantic City as of 3pm tmrw,with properties closing at 4pm #Sandy

No please no hurricane I just started school and I need to graduate!!

Preparing myself to sleep in through the hurricane

okay, I'm about to go to bed myself (: I don't think I'll be able to sleep when the hurricane hits Monday night ._.

Experts: Hurricane Sandy to become rare hybrid storm - Newsday  #Top News

Prep, for heavy damage to earnings on Monday, due to hurricane Sandy. Sandy is expected to be off coastline of NYC after trading hours

Well hey sandy. Nice to meet you #hurricanesandy #lame

I'm not saying it will be the strongest storm to ever hit the region, but it certainly will rank up there. #Sandy

Top News: How Sandy could impact vote

Vancouver got a earthquake  might get a tsunami  the rest of Canada might get a hurricane.. #PrayForCanada

news: Hurricane Sandy: 60 Million People Warned

These Hurricane Sandy accounts are getting so.  fucking.  annoying.

haha trust me i know how a hurricane feel.

lmao I know right  Lol Hurricane Sandy's twitter said she was twerkin up the east coast !!!

sorry for raping your TL's but this hurricane sandy account is fucking hilarious

I need to get my pack of cigarettes before the hurricane hits.

finished this freaking 2000 word essay in one day.off to bed and hopefully this hurricane hits hard so no school hear that mother nature?

We'd love to see your #Hurricane #Sandy pictures! Please add to your picture tweets of the storm, prep or evacuations!

let me put my phone  iPod on the charger before hurricane sandy come fucc shit up

Hurricane Sandy Sunday At the AlleyLadies in Bathing Suits wit bottled water and Batteries get in free till Eleven

Keeping Hawaii in my thoughts that they come out of #tsunami OKbtw that and earthquake and impending hurricane, scary times.

Doing a checklist for the arrival of #sandy. Candles? Check. Batteries? Check. Gingersnaps? Damn! *scoots into kitchen*

Life isn't about waiting for the storm-(hurricane) to pass, but learning to dance in the rain. ;)

Chasing hurricane Sandy, I hope she is nice to me.  Airport (ARN) w/ 4 others)

maybe Sandy will delay the election so they have more time

Be Safe Hawaii!!!-said the girl with a hurricane on route!xoxoPeace Be Still.

Sandy set to strike! 66 MILLION in path of the hurricane as states told to evacuate after deadly  #sandy

Wishing I could snuggle through this hurricane. I will tomorrow!

Might as well pray for the East Coast, there's a hurricane coming up ._.

Wonder if folks are gonna be making t-shirts about Sandy like they did about that earthquake we had. Too funny!!!

Niggas be bored af, They really made a twitter for hurricane Sandy lol

The industry gets us here, the lack of weather keeps us here. LA 1 - NY and Sandy 0

Sandy What Is Yu Doin  Askinn :(

Ops briefing: Winter Storm Warnings are already being issued for Post-Tropical #Sandy. WV most impacted by #snow at 2' possible

So many natural disasters . scary, earthquakes, tsumani expected to hit, hurricane.. #nobueno

Obama Cancels Campaign Events As Hurricane Sandy Looms: As Hurricane Sandy approaches the Eas  Cray Tweets Update

why would they go out there when its a hurricane coming this way? It's been a warning for weeks. Money aint that important.

Evil Blogger Lady: Five reasons why Sandy could be an epic storm

Ready for this hurricane to hurry up and pass. Classes better get cancelled tho..

Earthquake, Tsunami warnings and Sandy coming all at election time.  Yall better pay attention to these Hollywood movies.

If Hurricane Sandy hits-- do we get bonus Sunday night Halloween?

Anyone else get the gut feeling that the Canadian earthquake is a by-product of Hurricane Sandy? #HAARP? #CaptainObvious. Now a tsunami

Hurricane sandy is going to end my life

Peabody's Night Club was awesome!  Me and my Pirate costume was too much for Hurricane Sandy to mess up.  #FuckTheHurricane!

I wanna see what this hurricane sandy is about

I can't find any TV news station that it's talking about the tsunami. It's all about Hurricane Sandy. #vanwa

what would happen if a cat 5 hurricane going east met tsunami going west in mid ocean ?

Hurricane in Jamaica released vybz from jail

If I hear anyone say that the BC earthquake and resulting tsunami, and hurricane Sandy are a sign of things to come, I will choke them.

This is too much to handle were all gonna die. Earthquake in Canada+possible tsunami AND Hurricane Sandy. Coincedence? I think not! Omg

Hurricane gonna hit n I bet my job still gonna want to open

The hurricane might possibly fuck New York in the ass and then Mitt Romney might be elected president. I love America

nah the hurricane got tht on pause

The calm before the storm. Please don't come visit us Sandy

Hurricane Sandy you think the government used haarp

i hope we dont loose power tomorrow. i hate hurricanes. Hurricane Sandy is heading over here in massachusetts. dont hit us hard. im scared

Thinking of everyone who maybe effected by the hurricane and tsunami stay safe xxx

Just drove home up Hamakua Coast from Kilauea, racing sirens. Sorry MN  NY for giggling abt snow  hurricane watch. Canada--geez?! #tsunami

Thoughts go to  my other friends across the pond dealing with Sandy. Hope you  your families are safe

We heard about Sandy. Gah.

Sandy?! Why do theyi them stupo names.. But anyway, what the hell does Frankenstorm mean?

So Google's Nexus 4 event has been canceled tomorrow cos of hurricane Sandy. Stupid weather ruining things.

I can't believe I'm still awake. Fuck you Sandy. Only 2 hours to go till my flight. If you're awake. Lets talk. Iekejbefndndndbe

7.7 earthquake west coast of Canada. Tsunami on the west coast of USA, Hurricane on the east coast it's all going on! #sandy #hawaii

need to keep an eye on Sandy due on monday

We have expanded our live  coverage of Sandy to also include updates on the #tsunami in Hawaii: htt

[Middle East News] Hurricane Sandy to make history nearing US coast

it was down graded but back to a hurricane now! Have a good 1!

Hurricane Sandy is roaring northeastward off the Carolinas; 75-mph sustained winds

An Air Force Hurricane Hunter is an actual job. They fly around, under  over bad weather/hurricanes to report sev

Terrorist group say  Compounding pharmacy linked to the safety of the National Hurricane Center says.

Google's big Nexus event cancelled due to Hurricane Sandy - Firstpost: InquirerGoogle's big Nexus event cancelle

Whilst everybody talks about #sandy, typhoon #Son-tinh is nearing the coast of Vietnam. Landfall expected later toda

Earthquake tsunami and hurricane in the same week? Is 12-12-12 really a myth? Makes you wonder.

Tsunami for hawaii, hurricane for the east coast, earthquake a couple weeks ago. Okay. Just fuck us in the ass next ti

Wow! Sandy tied for 2nd largest tropical cyclone since 1988  via

I guess it's time for another Hurricane party

Today will once again be breezy  cool with showersthose details and the latest on Hurricane Sandy from 6:30-8:30 this morning on 10TV!

Hurricane 53 Holo Sight (Red Dot Scope) (Black) | Eotech Clone Holographic Sight

Interesting Hurricane Sandy Treks Parallel up Southeast - ABC News: Irish TimesHurricane Sandy Trek  Please RT

Overnight model guidance did not change much. American and European models still bring #Sandy into NJ with min pressu

Hurricane Sandy Treks Parallel up Southeast - ABC News  #News #Headlines via #newzsocial

though i doubt it will stick and there is a Hurricane that's hitting the east coast so I doubt it will, more likely it'll rain =__=;

I'm at my cousin spot.. I thought sandy was with you

good luck today, mate. Any to all runners. Hope Sandy doesn't ruin the run. Ireland is just as windy and soggy.

This Hurricane is kicking our ass.!! Trees blowing over.. Damn im ready to leave..

Love waking up on a Sunday morning at 5:45 to open up Dairy Barn work till 3 #challengeaccepted #fuckthis #Sandy

Wondering about #Sandy? #NBC10 has you covered. Tracking it NOW Tune in.

NJ/NY friendsthis is going to be a dangerous storm (hurricane/nor'easter combo)last few hours to go out and

Good Morning #Indiana.  Slightly cooler today, tracking possible Sandy impacts this week.  Details here.  #INwx #indy

Yeah my least favourite is Blonde or possibly We're Dancing. Hurricane is one of my favourites.

Scary how much more alarmed is re #Sandy than the rest of us. This is how climate change ends us - with no one paying attention

Church is on this morning. 24 hours  counting til hurricane sandy hits. Let's pray  prepare to respond to the needs of our communities

Wait7.7 earthquake in Canada and tsunami warning in Hawaiiwtf. Hurricane hitting here later smh Lord protect us.

Headed over to #ThisWeek to talk about Sandy, ground game and other things we cannot yet fully discern.  But will that deter?

AccuWeather's hurricane center has the latest on #Sandy. Check this page for the updates.

Sending good vibes to everyone in New Jersey. Even #sandy

We on the coast of the Chesapeake Bay have this to say to #sandy: BRING IT, BITCH.

This chick Sandy wet as fuck she got my city on smash #squirt #Hurricane

AP News - Megastorm could wreak havoc across 800 miles of US #sandy #superstorm

Happy Sunday everyone. I really hope that my friends are safe from Hurricane Sandy. Thinking of u all today. Pls be safe, xo

I think I've heard enough about the #Hurricane Watch it be a dud like everything else the news predicts.

During Sandy, if you're out in your car  you come to a flooded road. TURN AROUND. No destination is worth drowning.

Harry there's gonna be a hurricane in philly wish me luck

drizzling, cool, and slightly windylet this be all that #sandy has to offer #hurricane #tropicalstorm #turntotheoceananddieout

FCC: Let us know if you have communications problems during Hurricane Sandy

President Obama returns to the White House and Gov. Romney shifts his campaign to Ohio as Hurricane Sandy looms.

The storm center of sandy is in line with South Carolina and is hitting the northeast now

We continue to track Sandy and the current track has shifted north a bit. Get the details here

#Sandy: Much fewer early voters than expected in Eastern states. Postal voting services and voting centers to be impacted by blackouts.

The track for #Sandy continues to indicate a NJ landfall heading directly for Central PA. A High Wind Warning goes into

you getting any of Sandy yet? I've been getting ready, almost had to fight some one for water at the store last night

Heading home to PA from NC and alarmed at the size of hurricane Sandy and the impact on where I live. Next few days cou

So thankful we are getting out before Sandy hits and they shut down the airports!

Oh em gee are near where the hurricane is gonna hit?:O!!!! STAY SAFE IF SO GIRLS!!!!!!:'(

Hurricane sandy looks like its gonna be mad!

Yes, iisn't it great news.   I was worried there for a bit that the hurricane would prevent this trip  to day, but guess it

Flood Watch issued October 28 at 8:03AM EDT until October 30 at 8:00PM EDT by NWS: HURRICANE SANDY TO IMPACT

that could be WH Dunes,problem is once dunes are breached Inland Long Island floods,'38 hurricane created 2 Inlets1/4 mile wide

Bout get my nutz lick by this bitch name #sandy

Psshh. With all the chemicals and preservatives, what isn't non-perishable these days? ;) I hope Sandy misses you

The following warnings are in effect for the entire area: Coastal Flood Warning, High Wind Warning, Hurricane Force

Just saw the latest Sandy advisory, particularly the pressure. Now pardon me while I collect my jaw from the floor.

Potential for strongest storm to hit the Northeast since records began. #sandy is incredible.

Today's campaign schedule - Hurricane Sandy is playing havoc with campaigning schedules; Beau Biden originally

Sandy just got me off work #notbadsofar

Nice weather in New York, before the hurricane tomorrow.. Lets enjoy it to the fullest.

Later today, I may give a podcast talking about what it was like for me to survive one of the most destructive hurricane's in history.

So I hope ms Simmons was serious that if the hurricane gets school called off then we can throw the baby in the clo

My job was dead lastnite guess niggas scared of that hurricane

Adios MB! Prayers with the Northeast as #Sandy heads their way.

This hurricane sandy is cramping my style

watch this hurricane not be as bad as these ppl are saying

Sandy=seasonal excuse for media to freak out+mass hoarding at grocery stores+mass power outages due to aging power grid #cantwait #sandy #fb

Damn girl is everywhere  Hurricane #Sandy looms over 10-day sprint to election  via

Got it in before Sandy.  I just finished a 6.00 mi run with Nike+ Running.  #nikeplus

#sandy looking good with bigrahh and City (aka The Rockaways)

there is a hurricane coming by me!! I am really scared wish us luck

Here we go. Let's do this. #Sandy

Hoping all my leaves get blown away by Sandy!

Hurricane Sandy ~ The first walk up the beach, 8:30 Sunday morning. 24 hours until she gets here and it's already

lol thats cause ya dum as shit Y'all need school when its a hurricane all that dfl !

Hurricane Rules:  Television is over-rated.  And so are showers.   But coffee . . .

a pleasant morning to you bright eyes and bushy tail, hope that you feathered well through #Hurricane Sandy

United States - As residents in the U.S. brace for Hurricane Sandy's impact, Operation Blessing teams are

I'm seriously freaked out about this hurricane. #YouSuckIrene

Ms Sandy is coming visit us in NYC!!!!!!!!!!

Who wants to spend the hurricane with me?

I woke up looking for this hurricane.

my baby sister was just bout to spary some Llysol over a candle .. our house was about to be on fire , forget the hurricane damage

I'm anchored down and ready for Sandy!! Bring it bitch!!!

#sandy cancelled the awesome bootcamp scheduled for this afternoon #sadface

Here's the latest HD computer model for the area most affected by #sandy

Tip 11: there isn't enough time to learn a new board game now, so if go isn't your thing, pack a chess or scrabble bag instead. #Sandy

That hurricane is right around the corner, it's bout cold af  windy af outside .

im scared of HURRICAN SANDY , i pray  hope these cold currents hit it away :/

Hurricane Sandy ain't bouta destory shit! She's not bout that life just like Irene! FOH

Good Morning NYC! Sandy is coming!!! Whose still going out despite the storm like a REAL New Yorker??

Sandy Impact On Your Community: Enter Your Zip Code: If you want to know what impacts Sandy may have for your community, go to

We better get at least one day off outta this hurricane #HurricaneSandy

out to breakfast then gonna survive this hurricane

Megastorm could wreak havoc across 800 miles of U.S. #Sandy

sandy ain't worst than hunter, toby and katy!

Starting to worry about #sandy, so I'm making vintage lace crowns.

80 mph wind gusts expected during #Sandy. This looks like it'll be worst than last year's Halloween storm. Keep safe everyone.

Are you people nuts?  All these are Now MINE. #SANDY #HOARD #HURRICANE

Gosh Charma, easy to see you don't live on the east coast.  Sandy is the huge storm coming up the coastGB

I want sandy to come now so 1 we don't have school tomorrow and 2 it doesn't look like the apocalypse happening when I'm

#acpress Here comes Sandy. Get continuous updates at  and on mobile at  The P

The hood is looking like Hurricane Sandy's about to go in

Ima need a quarter to myself fuckn w.this hurricane

shore said here sandy-sandy-sandy, daddy's home

Headed to #HHMkt for locally sourced D batteries. #sandy

Thank you Sandy, no school until Wednesday now!!!!

I wasn't too worried about this hurricane until i thought of all the animals who dont have a house. Now im sad:(

museums will remain closed today as we prepare for Hurricane #Sandy. Here's how you can be ready:

The temp has dropped since yesterday and the wind has picked up. #Sandy

op, the wind is coming already. hurricane sandy you need to chill the fuck out.

BBC News - Hurricane #Sandy: Storm threat to key US election week

cowboys  giants play today. I hope sandy knocks em both the fuck out

Submit questions now. Hurricane #Sandy online discussion w/  County Exec Ed Long 6 p.m. Sunday  #ffxstorm

MediaNext Postponed: Due to expected travel disruptions caused by Hurricane Sandy and our concern for the safety

Its weird that we are going to actually get hit by this hurricane since were so far off the coast

hope my mom aint home when i get there she gonna make me do mad shit for this hurricane! -__-

Fuck this hurricane if my CNA test gets cancelled again I'm gonna be pisssssssed

United: Due to Sandy, we have an unusually high call volume. Your hold time will be over 60 minutes. Me: Sure. #sandy

Must sign off, lots to do before I leave for Pitt tomorrow. Everybody blow at once and force Sandy back into the Atlantic! Later! xx

Well sandy is on her way here Time to start the 5th and final season of #TheWire

Ofest next weekend! #Sandy better not fuck it up lol

Best of luck to all our friends and family who are in the path of Hurricane Sandy, which seems to have turned pretty

is this right - VA SBE Prepares For Absentee Voters Ahead Of Sandy - WRIC Richmond News and Weather -  #p2

It is such a beautiful morning here in sunny SFLA! My prayers go out to everyone in the path of hurricane Sandy.

Cool mom be organized the rest of your life but forget to give us shit for the hurricane

Cool. See ya there. I'm stalking romanscu and butternut squash for hurricane baking.

Looking for some pre-hurricane fun? Come on up the the Community YMCA's Halloween Parade and Fall Festival. We

Well I guess it's goin be me and 2k during the hurricane

5:50am for me. At work till 4:00pm. Then back to wrk Mon night let's see where Sandy hits.

My mom refuses for anything to stop her from going to church. Ain't no bad weather, hurricane, or nothing getting in her way

UPDATE: Due to Hurricane Sandy, following flights to New York are cancelled: SQ26/SQ25 on 29Oct (FRA-JFK/JFK-FRA). (1/2)

those peeps in denial about sandy are also delusional about  climate change, peak oil and economic collapse

We're taking a break from regular tweets to remind our followers in the NE to follow and for updates on #Sandy. #staysafe

As Hurricane Sandy may severely affect NEC travel Oct 28-30, pax  are advised to check train status before travel

how many 30 packs long is this hurricane going to last?

Hope we don't gotta go to school tommorow! #hurricane #hurryupsandy #fuckschool

#sandy pressure drop to 951 mb. That's crazy low! Actually deepened/strengthened overnight!

The news is calling Hurricane Sandy #frankenstorm. Hubby calls it #stormzilla. Wondering how big a monster it really will be!

Glad I live in the safest neighborhood for when a hurricane comes.Wilson Point #sarcasm

Hurricane sandy is being pretty relentless right now. Be safe everyone. You're in my prayers 3

Huge Hurricane Sandy bears down on East Coast - Reuters: IBNLiveHuge Hurricane Sandy bears down on East CoastReu

I'm just tryna figure out why the fuq we getting a hurricane it's bout to be November da fuq!

halloween should be postponed till this hurricane goes away.

Good Morning all my page followers!!! The storm Sandy is getting here before that we expected. Be safe at home

Today is a decent day to finish any preps for Sandy. Expect cloudy skies with the risk of a few showers this afternoon.

Sandy is expected to make landfall in NJ according to WNYC. Hope my fam stays safe. Now I'm worried.

John (If I Die Today) Wayne F/ Rick Ross.   Sandy about to take over. What's on your hurricane

hurricane sandy has covered Hampton Roads Avenue

Sandy expected to bring life-threatening storm #surge flooding tomid-Atlantic coastincluding Long Island Sound and Ne

RT ..enough Sandy supplies to survive the hurricane but I'm unprepared for any type of interaction with my neighbors.LOL! DG

Love how all those yankees are talking about Sandy like its the end of the world. Grow a set. #Sandy #weak

Keeping my family and friends on the East Coast in my prayers as #Sandy nears.  #besafe

Listen here Hurricane Sandy, you're not my real mom

We ain't got no worries Sandy

Did anyone get hit by sandy yet ? We are bracing !!!! :-(

When hurricane sandy hit I'm a be in the gym putting  up shots !!! #3000

Quiet day in the TV3 Newsroom.  Mainly on #Hurricane watch. Sandy slow-moving but deadly. Could hit the US tomorrow.  #TV3News

Awake thanx to mom they bout to get on the road tho due to Sandy

Ready for church, forget hurricane sandy. Ain't gonna affect my day

Sandy better put in some work damnit!

Hurricane #Sandy Advisory #6 - Currituck Co. Government   Stay indoors today and tomoro, do not drive in high winds.

People taking this hurricane to the head. Smh

No hurricane keeps the Kusma family away from the eagles on a Sunday #gobirds

I really hope school gets cancelled from this hurricane , ill be sooo happy

if you survived a shark attack then I know I can survive hurricane Sandy. You give me hope #checkthepropic #hero

:: Flight delays in Baton Rouge are ruining my weekend and might ruin my week. I don't want to miss the #Sandy parties in DC.

ctfu Yo what if Sandy blew nothing down in nutley except that high school tho :O #OhShxtt !

Preparing for Hurricane #Sandy? We have generators and other supplies. Branches open early Mon.

What's this hurricane hittin canada thing I'm hearing about loll DFKM

Here's some music for the Hurricane from Come!

Half of yall not even worried about the hurricane. Yall just want to be out of shool. I just wonder if The POLY vs city is still going.

This hurricane is gonna fuck us all up the ass.

We got ENDLESSS drunken nights together for no reason lol on big geekin ass moves BLASTED..but the one night we suppose to have it up #Sandy

I'm gonna be stuck in the hurricane on the east coast with #ImNails #Frankenstorm

get ready for hurricane sandy sigh another day another hour

Heading into the eye of the storm, we're not scared! #sandy #goeagles

lets take some bp in this hurricane. Haha the ball might land in Canada.

Hurricane Sandy. Lord have mercy!

Am I the only one staying on campus for Sandy, cause this will be quite lonely #ohwell #gonnadie

What is non perishable food?Is #KokoshCake non perishable?#sandy#hurricane #HurricaneSandy #preparing

MTA to close mass transit and subways at 7PM tonight #sandy

It's official: authorities are shutting down the NJ + NY public transport, including MTA, at 7pm tonight. #Sandy

yaa SANDY .. If wanna know that ask me ME and SUNILY always talk :)

Anyone up early want to early brunch pre-sandy prep?

oh good! I just phoned your house to see if you were home. Be careful, that Sandy scares me!

people freaking out about the hurricane that's hitting New Jersey .quick everyone run to dicks and ask for lanterns we don't have

R u fuckin serious..MTA shuttin down everything at 7pm..I bet u money this hurricane aint even that serious!! #Fml #Smh #NYbullshit

So my prediction is the hurricane is gona cancel school this whole week

If this hurricane gets in the way of my birthday, I'm punching Mcarthur.

ATTENTION NEW YORKERS: Gov Cuomo has ordered the shutdown of MTA subways, busses  commuter rail (MNR  LIRR) at 7pm tonight. #Sandy

(via BREITBART) No Tasteless Political Jokes--Yet--as Hurricane Sandy Approaches Blue States

Do your hurricane prep, so you don't have to loot later and become a hurricane perp.

Subways, Buses to Begin Shutting Down Today at 7 p.m.: Cuomo  #sandy

No over reacting QT I wish I could see how New Yorkers are overreacting for Hurricane Sandy in person

Now it's Sunday funday because there's no school tomorrow! Haha woo hurricane!

I can't wait to see a hundred pictures of high tides and floods on Instagram. Bring it the fuck on #Sandy

Anyone else mentally referencing the Walking Dead as they prepare for Sandy?

Sandy could wait til I'm done with my fucking haircut later on today then that bitch can come freely

Massive storm continues march toward coast  via #Sandy #Frankenstorm #hurricane #NJenviro #NJ

Please hurricane Sandy imma need you to mess shit up tonight so we don't have school and Katie and Tayler can spend the night.

MTA will begin shutting down subways and buses tonight at 7pm #Sandy

Oo Naw SANDY Ass Coming Yall Betaa Chargee Themm Cell Phonees Up . . .!

WTF Theres a Hurricane Coming Tomorrow D;

East coast friends, be safe and plan ahead! Outsmart Sandy.

That sucks! I'm REALLY hoping my concert on Wednesday is still a go. #Sandy

I Hope Hurricane Sandy Don't Make it Up North

I will be so mad if this hurricane doesnt even happen -.- .

Praying right now that i have off tomorrow becuase of this hurricane. More time to do my science project!

Sandy! Come out, come out wherever you areeee!

They said things will be flying trough the air?  Sandy bought to be crazy

Lol he said Hurricane Sandy just trying to take her great grandmother Hurricane Katrina place lol -.-

Harryyyyy ! Babe, there's a hurricane that's gonna hit in a couple hours and I'm really scared :( come cuddle with me ? 333

Heading to #LongIsland today where evacuations already ordered b/c of #Sandy

East Coast residents watch and wait as hurricane approaches: The Associated Press and MediaNews staff Co  #boston

My Grandma Went Shopping Agin , ! #SANDY

the subways never work even without #sandy

If you live in New England, PLEASE early-vote before Hurricane Sandy hits! Please Vote #DEMS

Hurricane Sandy landfall: Where and when? - CBS News Video PLEASE PAY CLOSE ATTENTION TO THIS NOTICE!!!!!! NO JOKE!

Good Morning Cafekkos here on the east side of Canada Hurricane Sandy is causing horrible storms! - nemo

R NYC to shut subway, rail service at 7 p.m. Sunday ahead of #Superstorm:  #Sandy -CC

Sunday, 8AM: Large and Dangerous Sandy Continues to Move Parallel to East Coast, Taking Aim at Mid-Atlantic,

Hurry up humans. Go freak out. Soooo scary. Its Halloween and a little wind named sandy is scaring us?! Slap that hurricane in its mouth.

I got two packs of Oreos bring it on Sandy.

If you live on the East coast  plan on voting Romney..may I suggest a nice ocean swim..#Sandy

ikr?! Sandy doesn't invoke fear.Babayaga on the otherhand.countries go the way of atlantis when babayaga is intown

LMFAOOOOO! These sandy tweets are making my day better

who cares about the hurricane, there's a sexy girl talking!

I'm not scared of this hurricane cus I got my rainboots

My Halloween will not be ruined, I will make the hurricane my bitch. jfc. .

rt if you're gonna die in the hurricane!!!!! (im scared guys help)

Hurricane Sandy, can you please bring the zombie apocalypse?

I hope y'all on the east coast stay safe in the face of #Sandy.

Hoping for a speedy  safe storm resolution for all on the East coast. Go away #Sandy

Better play my video games all day and enjoy a warm house, before Sandy gets here and rapes me if life's luxuries. It's already windy n cold

i wonder how bad the hurricane is actually going to get

New York subway to shut down as Sandy nears:

Team Challenge Tampa narrowly misses #Sandy this morn. #teamchallenge

We didn't have a hurricane drill at school so what do we do go in the cafeteria and hide under the tables?

Strong winds have already moved into the DC area. Lets do this thang! #Sandy

Dear Sandy,Feel free to take the power away if it means no school #IBEG

Didn't experience too much impact from #Sandy in Fort Lauderdale. Just some moderate showers and wind gusts. A few snapped palm branches.

im kinda laughing at the whole hurricane sandy thing. all these people wasting money

NYC stopping subway, bus, train service as Hurricane Sandy nears. How is the NYC going to function?

I wanna go see the beach and ocean city before Sandy fucks everything up

ohhhh nahhhh!!!! I forgot u was a Steelers fan..smhin any case y'all stay safe during sandy

Spend my summers there, I hope it survives  all will be Well #NewJerseyans against #Sandy #LBI

Have you got your generator and CB radio ready for Hurricane Shandy?

I actually don't want to miss this week of school, i need to get all my missing work in and stuff. This hurricane blows.

Yes they cancelled school for Monday and Tuesday . And once this hurricane is over we won't have school ever again .

Heads killing me but still going to the birds game especially right before hurricane sandy. #birdgang

Hopefully no one will come to my job today cause of this hurricane.

Perhaps planners/officials should consider moving Halloween to Friday this year due to Sandy.

Sandy to close casinos, evacuate Atlantic City - Asbury Park Press

Is hurricane and vladdy still the move for tonight

I guess I'm not going to be wearing uggs for the next few days???STUPID HURRICANE SANDY!!!!

Niggas hype for the hurricane like we NEVER had one before! Smh relax

maybe someday they'll appreciate each other. Good here just cold. 70's last week 40's  lots of rain from Hurricane Sandy

what are you going to do about sandy???? ): ): ):

NYC: Governor Cuomo has announced that as of 7:00PM today all MTA services will be suspended due to the pending storm. #Sandy

Neighbors: putting out leaves at the curb at trash for Mondays pick up when the hurricane is coming  shyt better not be in my lawn

The MTA just announced that it will begin an orderly shutdown  suspension of all subway, bus  railroad service at 7pm today. #sandy

dude, stop retweeting shit about hurricane sandy or whatever that shit is annoying!!

#Sandy is about the hurricane.. When I first saw it I thought about a squirrel. Whos last name is Cheeks. #tbh

$APA News: UPDATE 2-Apache ops back after hurricane, sees large 4th quarter  #APA #2Apache #After

This hurricane chose the wrong week mehn

This sux! Sandy Forces MTA To Shut Down Mass Transit Tonight #ny1sandy

To all my nitro family and twitterville peeps in the path #Sandy please stay safe in our thoughts and prayers and let us know u r ok

I feel like y'all ain't takin this sandy shit seriously, y'all need to migrate to Florida ASAP either that or suffer

um can i come over in like 2 hours, my mom is in full panic mode for the storm and is making us like hurricane proof our house

#boldpredictions because of Hurricane Sandy the games in Philly, NJ, Pitt and Cleveland will end with players wearing snorkels

I really wish it was me who made the hurricane sandy tweets.

All are closing at 5 PM today. The wind is picking up now. #Sandy via

Hope all is well for my east coast fam #Sandy

HURRICANE ON HALLOWEEN #devil Comming to kill us #2012 #HurricaneSandy #die

Everyone's so excited about MAYBE getting out of school that they're not realizing that its still a hurricane  could possibly be really bad

Hope this Hurricane doesn't ruin my weeks plan ,  ill be angry #halloween #week

I think sandy it all ready here cuz it feels like there's a storm in my head

Good morning, Twitter! Just watching coverage of hurricane Sandy. Hope she does no damage and no one is injured!!

You people having to deal with the hurricane have my faith

Before Mayor Bloomberg I don't recall nYc shutting down 100% for an impending storm. Safety 1st, but it's the City that never sleeps #Sandy

I got my 3 hurricane buddies , boutta text them listen to pandora and charge my SHIT !

um can sandy just hit bc i dont want to charge my shit anymore

Um , its nice if we dont have school but uhim not trying to die or loose my house over this hurricane

The same ones making jokes about the hurricane are the same ones that are gonna be scared as hell when it comes.

omfg people are evacuating for the hurricane IM SCARED

Last hurricane my mom made eggs , toast , pasta , whole meals , on the grill .

Do you have all the candies, snacks, lunch meats, salads, and ice cream you need for Hurricane Sandy?

New Jersey/Delaware/Maryland likely to be worst hit/swamped by Sandy later on Monday into Tuesday.

When is sandy supposed to even hit?

Wow I'm stuck upstate until this hurricane over lmao smh

cleaning up for the hurricane after 5ish hours of sleep

Where is this hurricane. Hurry up i don't want to go to school tomorrow.

fuck all that, when is hurricane sandy coming?!!!!!!

The post hurricane zombie apocalypse has started

Due to Tropical Storm Sandy we will not be having service. Continue to pray for everyone in the path of this storm and those affected.

I see is trying to kill me on this beautiful, pre-hurricane Sunday morning.

I need to go somewhere for the hurricane!

U know I'm fat I'm just trying eat before this hurricane

How many departments are putting extra members on duty for #Sandy? Not mine just like #Irene! Gonna be a long day! #stateofemergency

Thank you to everyone who came out in spite of having to prep for a hurricane yesterday!  It was a pleasure

A tsunami hit Hawaii and a hurricane is hitting the east coast. Mother Nature hates us.

I don't really want to go to the store today, but I gotta stock up. Bring it on #Sandy, lets do this.

Gotta work; i hope sandy ass dont do alot of damage cause i dont want to spend the night at work extra money but i dont want too

Sandy does not likes us! She will not be visiting!

Let me take advantage of all this water before sandy comes #LOL

This hurricane just better be that serious cause they be exaggeratin

Wifey and I bought our first generator in preperation for Sandy. Keep all of the East Coast lifted in prayer.

Even though we might not have school tomorrow because of the hurricane, ill still do my homework. Ha who the hell am

Nothing like waking up to my mom screaming and yelling to God to spare us from the hurricane. It's not even raining yet.

I didn't prepare for this inclement weather.but theres always a first for playing rugby during a hurricane

I hope this hurricane goes away befoe halloween!!!! Halloween is my holiday!

There's gonna be a hurricane Patrick and Sponge bob next

I'm going about my day like its just another one Should I be worried about #sandy  ??

Hide your kids, hide your wife, hide your husband, hide your dogs ! Sandy bout to be in this bitch #SheDontPlay

Cooling with my brovas fuck SANDY.!

good luck getting back home with Sandy, lol

If you Americans think #Sandy is a problem, wait 'till you know her brother #Junior.

Lol hurricane sandy has a twitter. Tweets are too funny.

This Hurricane Sandy Account Funny Icell lol..

This hurricane better get my class cancelled for tomorrow cause I'm not studying today with this headache.

looks as if you might be getting a bit of rain! Stay safe! #Sandy

I do not want to have a freakin hurricane I rather go to school then sit in darkness if I lose power #sorrynotsorry

AP: President Obama cancels campaign events to monitor storm  #hurricane #sandy #frankenstorm #nyc #nj

reading all the #Sandy news reminds me of the East Coast's incessant obsession with its own destruction

Detailed forecast M Mike Smith Enterprises: Hurricane Sandy: Finish Preparations!  #sandy #hurricane

They are shutting down subways trains and buses tonight for hurricane sandymy dad can't get to work now

Yep, I def don't miss that lol  Hurricane season in VA is the worst,

sandy, im counting on you to cancel school tomorrow #nohw

who makes up these hurricane names , i want the next one to be hurricane alexandra YAAAA

My mom said dont come home late because its a hurricane LMFAOOOO . I cant even ..

City Transit Shutdown Ordered as Tri-State Braces for Hurricane Sandy - WNYC

O shit here comes hurricane sandy

Why Am I Working If It's Suppose To Be A Hurricane.

Everyone stay safe, hurricane storm should be starting soon

there is a hurricane coming; why don't you cancel? Let people go home and get ready with their families

you should come visit Chicago and get away from the hurricane

Well sandy has us stuck in Delaware for another night. Thank goodness I always over pack with clothes when I go somewhere.

everytime they get excited nothing happens. I'd love to endure a hurricane as long as noone got hurt

These hurricane sandy accounts are so gay #shitlikethatwillruintwitter

Looks like #Sandy already hit the inside of our house. Time to do post-party clean up!!  :)

So many tweets about this hurricane. They're now calling it a 'Frankenstorm?' Haha sounds serious. #Sandy

Hurricane Sandy hit my room last night when I had like 8 girls getting ready #AtTheSameDamnTime

Getting hit with Sandy tomorrow. Writer and I may not be around for awhile. Stay safe people!

tokolosh87 and I stocking up for Sandy.

This fucking hurricane is gonna fuck with my paycheck

Thank u Hurricane Sandy for the new adjustments to my schedule :D

0 preparation for this hurricane, but we have apples lots of apples

They call a tiny bit of rain and wind a hurricane every year, this is petty shit -__-

IMPORTANT: Hurricane #Sandy Emergency Contact List:  #Lindenhurst #Patch

Pls see what this unfocused boy is buying for the hurricane

I'm Tryna Play Football During Hurricane Sandy .Cheeks

Sandy's making these mountains foggy as heck..can't see anything

lmfao Hurricane Sandy called Sandy from spongebob a lesbiam squrriel. i'm too done.

Filling the bird feeders. I hope #Sandy blows in a puffin or something.

Looks like Hurricane Sandy hit the ESPN Detroit studios. Thanks to everyone who tuned in to the show which ended early due to a power outage

just in time, our delivery arrived! Nothing tastes better pre-Hurricane. Thanks to you and

Special Weather Alert from The Boston Bodyworker-Hurricane Sandy #hurricanesandy

Hope nobody in NYC gets hurt from the hurricane about to hit #Sandy

Heads Up New York  Due to Hurricane Sandy, the MTA advises they will suspend all train service at 7 p.m. and all

Thank you for that Rt. If you're in Sandy's path, be safe. :)

Frankenstorm may make history as biggest in US as it approaches mainland  #hurricane #typhoon

HURRICANE SANDY UPDATE: Union Square Worship Gathering Canceled

Hope these crazy mf-ers out here shopping during a hurricane ensure that I get my bonus next month. #JustSaying

Why is the hurricane sandy twitter account talking so hood? #WhosSheCallinNigga

Chill out with your wind Sandy. You knocked off a piece of siding off my house.

So..if the hurricane comes through, would that cancel Halloween?

Surprised the White Wing hasn't declared #Sandy and the Canadian #Earthquake on abortion  gay marriage. Divine Retribution is in vogue.

Hurricane #Sandy Storm Surge Risk   for local impacts:   enter your zip code

#sandy aint shit I was more scared of #irene

If there's a hurricane there won't be school, but I'll have to go to my rehab place tomorrow #fun

Hurricane Sandy better blow my school away, tear it down, flood the bitch, she better do SOMETHING!

Mayor Bloomberg is giving a mandatory evacuation for parts of NYC. WTH took you so long? SMDH #Sandy #wx

Thinking about how screwed I'm going to be if the power goes out for a week from this hurricane #CommonApp #PhysicsCastleLearning

Video: Mayor Bloomberg updates New Yorkers on preparations for Hurricane Sandy.

With Sandy fast approaching, we would like to offer you a few updates. Tropical force winds will begin as early

When Tavian says he's gonna die in the hurricane.  #Stfu #Noyouwont

Please hurricane sandy flood every school in west haven sincerely , west haven students

Hospitals in NYC in Zone A with patients in critical condition not being evacuated. #sandy

How the fuck does hurricane sandy have a twitter -_-

I'll run butt ass naked into the hurricane so I can fly.

I have acquired a bottle of port, hurricane prep is complete

my dad wants to leave his window open today. Dad here is a freaking hurricane coming. what the hell are you thinking.

So #Sandy is supposed to turn into more of a tropical storm when it hits my wayso it says on the weather reports.

Cool, we are a day away from flooding and winds. Kite surfing in the streets! #sandy #longisland

first its Frankenstorm Sandy then its Zombiiz.and trust i have watched EVERY zombii show needed to survive the outbreak!!!

We are tracking #Hurricane #Sandy tune in tonight on WBOY, WOWK and WVNS for a severe weather special

I had Alexa prepare the same- buy lots of un-perishables, water, batteries, candles and duct tape! (In case of leaks!) #Sandy

Bloomberg announces nyc schools closed tom. If ur going 2 do it,  pls remember 2 give folks time 2 plan. #sandy #hurrican13

Frankenstorm is to hit Philly tonight. Most of the peeps are settling down to watch the Eagles  hope for the best with Sandy.

Does calling National Grid now to report my projected Tuesday power outage satisfy their 48 hr response time? #sandy

Yooo Earth Quake, hurricane, tsunamiI'm telling you - the Mayans were right!!! WE ALL GON DIE!! 2012 WE OUT BITCH!

Praying for all of my General Store family as they face this hurricane #prayersgoingup #loveyall

feel like we would make phenomenal hurricane safety buddies. Please confirm.

Hurricane preparedness, taking the #Halloween stuff from the deck #Sandy #TheBronx #NYC

I wonder if IM going to experience my first hurricane

earthquake huge hurricane tsunami were all gonna die

Sandy I'd appreciate it if you didn't eat my beach house alive pls and thank

Do I have any weather folks out here? When is Sandy projected to hit DC?

Why hasn't MY school cancelled classes yet? I just want a college hurricane day.. or three!  #anxious #stupidwheaton #whinybrat

If hurricane sandy hits my street I'm gonna raft to

If we gonna get hit by this hurricane I at least want a good picture of it.

IN CASE some bitch named Sandy takes me on to glory Here's how I DEMAND that my funeral takes place:

That hurricane tomorrow is supposed to hit us with snow.. #earlychristmas

MY LAST RT THANK THE LORD BLOOMBERG OBAMA SANDY NO SCHOOL ON MONDAY THANK JESUS

Who else when seeing sandy trending thought of :')

I hope this hurricane misses and you guys all look like crackheads

Screw the hurricane, we lost a legend. RIP Morgan Freeman.

Hurricane Sandy's theme song: Blown Away - Carrie Underwood

This hurricane better be incredible. This is just the excitement people need. Bridgeport is too boring haha

The hurricane is about to fuck shit upppppp !!!!!!!

#Sandy is great news for #obama. Now ppl are talking about something other than the #economy #jobs  #Benghazi.

Anbody remember the wrestler The Hurricane? We need him right now.

+ liquor  you got yourself a sound #hurricane strategy. I will add some 'helpful' advice I heard during #Isaac. #HunkerDown :/

#DMCRSS Hurricane Sandy liveblog: What the storm portends for Washington, DC:  meteorol  #NEWS

One perk of Hurricane Sandy is. No power and no TV means no political ads. Yeah!

Ite, im tired of seeing the same hurricane sandy tweets.

Hoes will twerk for anything prolly twerkin for the hurricane

IF SHE LIKES THE HURRICANE SHE WANTS THE D

What's coming up? C'mon, everyone's busy thinking abt Sandy, break that embargo just a little.

Be safe, all of those in Sandy's path. Thinking of y'all. Xo

the hurricane is in South Carolina, so obviously New Yorkers are making this about them.

Were gunna have snow by Wednesday cuz of this hurricane .. WOOT

So like everyone is worried about school being canceled and Sandy coming through. But i need to know if i can still go Trick or Treating!

Waves at Point Pleasant Inlet! #Sandy is on her way!

Out of propane. Refill hopefully on the way. Stay tuned. #Sandy

Can someone do me a huge favor? I need to know whether or not I have to evacuate because of the hurricane and yeah.

Dorm Party when Sandy hits!

Stay safe with the storm approaching! But plan to get outside and exercise once Sandy has had her way with us!

Hurricane Sandy gonna cum faster now dis nigga is goin to church

Honestly I have no clues what to expect from this storm. I've been so jaded living in NYC with hardly any natural disasters. #Sandy

Thanks to for the show today. Wonderful distraction from #Sandy coverage in #NYC.

glad u aren't affected by the earthquake!yes,i just heard about it,nyc has already shut down subways+stuff b/c of hurricane.

Today, I am carb-loading ahead of the marathon and TV-loading ahead of a storm-induced power outage. #Sandy #INGNYCM

Look what this guy says about Sandy-hee hee:)Hurricane Sandy got another thing coming when it hit my house!

looks like sandy already came right through our room

whats it like to be in a hurricane TELL ME TELL ME NOW

[The Vanilla Blues News] Art Kohn reports on Hurricane Sandy in Virginia Beach.

Earthquake in LA. Hurricane in the east. Hope all my friends and family stay safe.

Hurricane sandy is just reminding me of sandy from sponge bob #thedays

I have a feeling this storm will be just like hurricane Irene where everyone stocked up on shit and nothing even happened here lol

I can't wait. It literally needs to get here because this hurricane  threat of another basement flood are stressing me out.

We're curating tweets abt #sandy from many of our stations like  Stay safe during #frankenstorm!

oh alright. I just saw the hurricane sandy account lol

New York City shutting down subways at 7pm tonight because of Hurricane Sandy. Shit just got real.

Bless the person who made an account for hurricane sandy.

im really tryna have this hurricane party lmfao .

if I die during this hurricane I want you to know that I love you so much! 3 I will still be your fan in heaven 3

Look #sandychat   FEMA has compiled a #Sandy twitter list you can subscribe to:

Hurricane sandy is fucking up my grades now I need to go to actually shit !

Can I come live with someone? Sandy is gonna destroy us

Sandy will be used by pro-Obama media to repaint his failing campaign. And its aftermath may even be used to attack the election's outcome.

i hope sandy knocks the bed bugs out of linwood

Try this one: Hurricane's death toll rises to 65 in Caribbean  [a link in my bio]

Hurricane Sandy projected to bring great deal of flooding. Check storm drains on your street. I cleaned out leaves that were blocking mine.

I swear TA GOD if I see any bitches talkin bout they tryna cuddle when this hurricane comes through IM SWERVIN ON YOU.

Don't let Sandy scare you!! We are open for BRUNCH!! #RVADine #RVA

I thought we still had like 54 days until the world ended? Way to go hurricane Sandy

Hurricane Sandy; NYC Right Now :

Sounds like we're not going to see the sun for a while #Sandy

OMG the wind is here. quick, everyone into the bomb shelter ! #Sandy

Retweet w the name of someone you know in the path of #Sandy. Lets start a national #prayer chain.

Parts of Manhattan under mandatory evacuation ZoneA #Sandy

Something so beautiful yet so dangerous #Sandy

If Sandy turns out the power while Walking dead is on tonight i'm gonna kill her #dontmess #stayawaysandy

TRENDING: Obama, Romney cancel campaign events ahead of Hurricane Sandy - CNN (blog)

Hurricane Sandy Is Here! Emergency Plan Prep 101: Earthquakes. Tsunamis. Hurricanes. Tornadoes. No matter where

Stay safe, everyone. Stay safe. #sandy

why the hell does Hurricane Sandy Have a twitter yo

Hurricane Irene was given a lot of hype and what happened? Nothing but rainfall and wind. I don't think Hurricane Sandy is gonna be crazy.

not 100% we will bring her home today because she may be scared in a new home plus hurricane but meeting her today!

Ok so what happens to a hurricane's twitter page after the hurricane isn't a hurricane anymore?

Are you ready for Frankenstorm? Shop buy your essentials #hampden  #Frankenstorm #Sandy

Darling,worried about u! Are u safe where u are in New York! Hurricane warnings  evacuations. Let me know darling.All lovex

Will the cafe deliver food or do they expect us to risk our lives during this hurricane

Preparing for Sandy!  Excited to be stuck in the house with a bunch of great friends! Scary Movie Marathon anyone?  We got 8 to watch!  Lol

Might As Well Not Even Show Up Tomorrow. I Refuse To Be Held Up At School Cause Of Hurricane Sandy.

We're curating tweets about #sandy from many stations Stay safe during #frankenstorm!

DEAD!!! RT I WENT TO HIGHSCHOOL WIT IRENE. SHE CAN'T EVEN TWERK. SHE AIN'T BOUT DAT HURRICANE LYFE.

Hope hurricane sandy wont get in the way with me watching #HellInACell tonight.

#Sandy effect on Rehoboth Beach and we still have 2 days to go.

wtf Sandy on some violating shit, bitch tryna flood us.

Subways shutting down. National guard mobilized. Hatches battened down. #NYC #sandy

Hey #EastHaven: Don't forget to gas up today. The harbor will eventually be closing down for #Sandy  that means

I'm trying to get out of NYC before the hurricane hits

NOAA  FEMA Media Conference Call: Today is the day to prep from Delaware all the way to Mass. #Sandy #dewx #mdwx #njwx #nywx #mawx #pawx

Praying for sandy to pull through so I don't have to dance tomorrow. #Alliwantinlife

Sandy or Frankenstorm? Either Way, It's a Big Deal - Forbes  Check out my latest article

wowwww my parents wont let me go to KD cause of the hurricane t(-.-t)

I'm not going to lie: My preparation for Hurricane Sandy is mostly watching East Coast friends freak out on my Twitter feed. /via

Damn! I Wanted To Get My Grill Today But This Hurricane Fucked Me Up

Damn you Sandy lol Srry ya no show today due to tha storm

So frustrated at this hurricane and how people take this way too seriously. I mean really its gonna be a rain storm!!!

All these assholes are tweeting that the quake, hurricane  tsunami are b/c of gay marriage! Not because of clima

It must really suck to be a bird caught in a hurricane.

Starting to look like a hurricane outside #Sandy

Everyone is anxiously refreshing their Twitter feeds waiting for someone to say school is cancelled. Myself included. #sandy

My sash windows have rotted. Feels like hurricane sandy is blowing through!

A full moon and Sandy. Talk about a double wammy! Yikes!

I didn't take sandy too serious, but up to 45 MPG winds?! Got damn thats as fast as cars

Had to take down all our outside Halloween decorations. Damn you #sandy! Damn you!

Sandy's just mad because someone called Texas stupid.

We used to have snow days now we have hurricane days #globalwarming

so everybody freaking out bout the hurricane..like the buses n  trains gonna stop working

Last time I checked this was a category 1 hurricane.. Yall comin like this bitch Sandy Armageddon or sumn.-.-

I have the time to go for a run or hit up a spin class now that #Sandy cancelled schoolbut she also shut down my fav workout places! #boo

really don't want Sandy coming #IIHateNotHavingPower

No clinical tomorrow?!!! I love you Sandy! #hurricaneparty #thankthefuckinglord

#sandy please close school tomorrow so i can watch little things!

Gunna be a lonely girl during this hurricane *sigh *single  bored . .

Oh my god the hurricane sandy Twitter is too funny right now

Going on a cruise ship during a hurricane is like riding a roller coaster for 14 hours straight and having food poisoning.

Air Force recon just reported a minimum central pressure of 952 mb. #Sandy  via

I'm doing good, kinda scared cause we meant to get a hurricane soon! Never been in one of those lol. Yourself?

Its nothing but this hurricane sandy shit on my tl .. Annoying

I can usually guess the severity of a storm by how many voice mails I have from my mother. #Frankenstorm #Sandy

chips and beerfuck it, hurricane party essentials lol

Ain't no Sandy storm stopping me from my blessings! Amen to that.

It's a beautiful day today :-) Hurricane Sandy is long gone! Just pure sunshine  warm air! Love it :-)

Last year Irene, this year Sandy. I thought the names switched between boy and girl each year?

Day 27: Morning - even with a hurricane looming, we brunch. #fmsphotoaday

NY under siege! Sandy blowing strong

Well, that's all a hurricane is. Severe wind and rain. Have you seen the radar? It's pretty much hitting us strait on.

deadass if this hurricane is as threatening as the hype suggests, I'll be in my bed watching netflix. if the power is on.

PHEW! I beat the rain and got home safely on my bike, from church and back! :) #sandy

A 2 swirly storm  Cool shot of Hurricane Sandy and the entire planet

Last chance to grab your hurricane provisions AND enter to win a $15 iTunes gift card! #sandycantstopyoufromwinning

There's a massive hurricane coming and my baseball game isn't cancelled yet, what the hell is going on

My tv is already acting up and the hurricane didn't even happen yet

Hampton acting like it ain't a fucking hurricane

I'm in Walmart ain't nobody here #Sandy scared everybody away

MT Important info for anyone in the hurricane path who has breastmilk in the freezer:  #breastfeeding

thinking of you guys. Stay safe from #Sandy!

i know i am ready for sandy tell me your sandy plans

ahahaha sandy can suck it lmao

Stay safe Devna.don't mess with anything named Sandy.lol

Hope George Clooney and Mark Wahlberg are doing the sensible thing this time and heading back to shore now #sandy #perfectstorm

Ugh this fucking storm is complicating work and my personal LIFE!! Fuck u #Sandy not here for u #immad

idiot neighbor, are you really raking your leaves right now? #windyasfuck #idiot #sandy

- I Need To Get My Eyebrows Done ! What Do You Mean I Can't Go Out Because Of This Hurricane  ?

Ran 4.27 miles in 29 mins and felt good. Just wanted to log a few easy miles before the worst of Sandy hits. Already

Hurricane Sandy about to wipe out Jersey today #staysafeeveryone

I hope everyone is taking all the necessary precautions for Sandy.

if hurricane sandy cancels school ill rev my engine in the school parking lot with

12:20 PM EDT 10/28/12 | Forecaster IsaacsNewest Graphic on Hurrican Sandy

Sandy better not knock out the power at Old West like that bitch Irene did last year, because I'd be tight!

You ever notice that when there's a hurricane or blizzard approaching, you can never buy D batteries?

News anchor just pointed out lots of public housing in flood zone A. Must evacuate. Elevators shut off pm. #AnotherShocker #Sandy

Crying RT I'M A INDEPENDENT SASSY BLACK HURRICANE WHO DON'T NEED NO MAN.

Hurricane pfff. im still hunting tomorrow!

I need to find out what time my Aunt Sandy touchdown today

#CleanEnergy: Hurricane Sandy Has a Clean Power Message for Mitt Romney

Doom and destruction heading our way! So I made soup and filled the fridge with beer. #Sandy

Romneys next commercial is going to be on how Obama planned Hurricane Sandy and that he can prevent it from happening next time.

That's good. Because a fuckin hurricane of piss, is goin to catch up with a few of these cunts. And that's a fuckin promise

Even with the threat of hurricane expediting my routine, still don't think I could eat a meal on the subway.

are you ready for the hurricane? Looks like CT will be hit hard. #Sandy

I wish Sandy's name was Chris so everyone could be like A BAY BAYYYYYYY

outside of church and orepin for Sandy, nothing. Lol no life

He thought of #Sandy the dog from Annie. Now I keep thinking of the songTomorrow.

am i reallly the only one whos not stressing thos hurricane at all ?

DC - don't do this! The 12 Worst Ways New Yorkers Prepared For The Last Hurricane.#HurricaneSandy

Fuxk dat Hurricane we out chea #TrapWeather

case and I are having a mini hurricane party because I'm scared of my house

I love how they made hurricane sandy I twitter lmao !

Is Sandy serious?? I ain't taking any chances getting my re-up straight before that bitch comes rolling thru here and turns it up!

I wish i had a shorty to get trapped in the house with during this Hurricane tho.

Lol this hurricane sandy person has me weak right now

I got on this SLUM ass hodie on Boutta go up HM before this bitch SANDY come and imma go get another Hodie

They made a Twitter page just for Hurricane Sandy? You can't be serious! Isaac ain't get that much love!

Being forced to shopping for emergency food in case of the hurricane. ugh. Bet you it's just gonna rain a whole bunch

If Sandy cancels school she can be my new best friend

All this hype about #hurricane #sandy just a government stunt to get you to spend money in the stores. It won't even hit NY

Been waiting 2 fucking years and the stupid fucking hurricane decides to come now

These dry ass leaves in the wind sounds like rain. #sandy playing mind games

If the concert gets cancelled Tuesday ecause of some rain ill be pissed #sandy

city is saying to prepare for the hurricane. Shelter in place. No mandatory evacuations #Hoboken #njsandy

Hope all my family and friends in the nj/ny area are safe during the hurricane

While the northeast is prepping for #Sandy, we thought a dose of something positive was in order.  #photography

CBS News: Air, train, transit disruptions from Sandy

Due to Hurricane Sandy, our offices in NYC will be closed on Mon.Text RESPONSE to 80888 to give a $10 donation to s

hurricane sandy, please take down the school that is all i ask

Damn they cancelled school for two days because of this hurricane!

But really, I'm from Nova Scotia. I survived Hurricane Juan and White Juan. I have matches and board games and stuff, shoul

Here goes my mom talking about hurricane david in 1979. Same story every time

I wish i was with #oomf during this hurricane

Beautiful fall color at the farm, before Sandy blows all the leaves away!!

In addition to storm surges from #Sandy, heavy rains can overwhelm subway pump systems, which are configured this way:

I don't party like that but I want to go out tonight when there is a hurricane watch smh

Going to the barn when hurricane Sandy might hit #judgeme

thank you! Honestly it's scary long islanders are dealing with another hurricane.

come at me sandy, you aint shit

I hope this hurricane hits with in the next hour so I don't have to go to work.

I think hurricane will end up being a blessing for Romney/Ryan b/c they're going to storm Ohio. W/recent military talk, VA is theirs, IMHO.

Umass Dartmouth has canceled classes for Monday#hurricane

I love going down to the beach when a hurricane is coming and watching the waves

Guys, the Hurricane Sandy was not that bad. I didn't had to go to school, its like a vacation.

It's Sunday. Football is on. Buffalo Wild Wings is a ghost town. What is going on? Is there a hurricane coming or something?

Watch Sandy just be a bitch ass drizzle

You guys ready for sandy tonight ooooooo man

I wish the hurricane came and took out all you annoying fucks

Hurricane Sandy is trending, it's real out chea. We gonna die!

CHOOSE YOUR OWN ADVENTURE: Sandy Edition!

My TL is filled with stuff about Woonsocket  this hurricane .. o.O

Cold, rainy and preparing for #Sandy here in #Ohio. If you'd be so kind to spread the word, #SandyChat is a great resource

My mom has a friend named Sandy. Best believe Sandy called her and pretended she was the hurricane 'coming to get us'

Because my dad just gave me a hurricane preparedeness speech straight out of a Jerry Bruckheimer movie.

Mandatory Evacuation Zone A - gotta leave. Don't want the cars to float away. #Sandy

I want to get rained in with people. AIN'T NO PARTY LIKE A HURRICANE PARTY.

I'm just ready for mikey to come home  snuggle me.  I'm really starting to get nervous about this hurricane.

Fears that a chunk of Boston will break away from the mainland and be set adrift at sea. #Sandy

Rt New York: All Bridges and Tunnels will be closed on base to base cases as Hurricane #Sandy approaches.

SANDY I COULD KISS YOU RIGHT NOW

sandy your my gurl for getting school cancelled for two days

RT For storm surge, ground zero will be Long Island, NYinexcusable that there is not an official hurricane warning there

hurricane commin and people worried about if theres school tomorrow psh im wondering wtf is for dinner lol

If Halloween is cancelled because of Sandy, I'm gonna be pissed.

No work Mon and Tues bc of Sandy!  Bring it bitch!

yeea these hurricanes be havin some soft ass names. how t'f we scared of sumthin named sandy. -.-

Hurricane Sandy is global warming!  Think Science

There's a hurricane on its way to the east coast?! Super glad and fortunate I moved back. #Thankful #LoveMissouri #blessed

Wow thanks Sandy I get to babysit my best friend's kitten. #sohappy #meow

It's a scary football sunday. Not because of Halloween or the hurricane. Because it's a divisional game lol. #NyGiants

FUCK I NEED HURRICANE MUNCHIES

Omg now I'm getting a little scared they're saying Sandy is going to be really bad D:

bought some pistachios and pumpkin seeds in preparation for #sandy yay healthy snacks!

hurricane sandy reminds Aila, poor experience for telecom

flight back from SF originally scheduled for later today, was canceled due to the hurricane. Got a redeye on standby last night

probably won't be as bad as hurricane Teresa!

TechRadarUK: Google Android event cancelled due to Hurricane Sandy: The threat caused to the U.S east coast by H

Get ready, East Coast! Hurricane Sandy makes its way into the US

This hurricane needs to GTFO of New York I'm there in 4 days. #butseriouslythough #aintnobodygottimeforthat

nahh jp its your hurricane but I gotta finish building this great wall to protect all the asian ppl

photo editing marathon before Sandy shuts down my iMac for a few days

If you are trapped somewhere during the hurricane remember Richard Mourdock knows God has a plan for you do not evacuate

I really hope Kendall went back to LA. I don't want him to get caught in the hurricane!

idk where my cats aretheyre gonna be blown away by sandy. are you kitten me right meow.

So.it's true Sandy is coming with her Hurricane custome? She gunna knock on the door and be like trick or treat. Whyyyyyyy?

HEEEEYYYYYY WINDY LADDDYYY OPPA HURRICANE STYLE.#HurricaneSandy

- My mom baught so much for this hurricane o.o

HOL' UP. if this hurricane comes between me  my money oh hail nah.

Retweet if you're ready for storm #Sandy and have your stock up!

Uhhh Isn't there a hurricane like ripping the world in half this week?

Re Sandy: Consider keeping a leash, food, etc for your pets in the vehicle in case you have to pull out fast. Now is the time .

Baltimore city schools closed Monday. #Sandy

went the store for hurr. #Sandy prep. bought 2 cases of water, toilet paper  #WINE then declared to no one in

I literally laugh at every single one of the hurricane sandy tweets! LMAO

Extraordinary storm, extremely serious threat says Wx Channel. #Frankenstorm #Sandy

Hurricane Sandy? Talk about going in the hot tub with his boxers and then out to the bars in the same boxers

shit chillin, its bout 2 be a hurricane in philly, im bout 2 stack up  dip

and remember the hurricane/tornado that was suppose to hit our area? And I was stuck at your place?

I iwsh real people were as funny as Hurricane Sandy's tweets LOL

So guys This hurricane Some crazy shit. I now believe the world will end.

I hope hurricane sandy take it easy on Jersey Philly and NY

I Need Somebody To Cuddle With When Sandy ComesI Dont Wanna Be Stuck Alone 3

This brother standing on the beach looks like he's ready to take flight.even without the hurricane force winds.

Hurricane Sandy is talking all this shit but where you at gurllaaa. I'm at my house waiting for your ass your faking

Wonderful dim sum brunch with old and new friends. Now it's time to batten down the hatches for #Sandy.

This hurricane storm is suppose to be epic, NJ Gov declares state of emergency and shutdown of casinos

Wait to see where the hurricane stands on abortion.

if hurricane sandy leaves me without power for a weak i'll probably be dead by the 2nd day

Sandy just wants to be here for my birthday.

RTAirlines cancel more than 3,000 flights ahead of #Superstorm:   #Sandy

Welcome Pastor David Brene, Los Pinos Nuevos in Cuba. Pray for people hurting after the hurricane. #NorthshoreCC #fb

they eat potato chips and watch the roof cave in  I wonder what undecided voters do when a hurricane

I HOPE NOT AS WELL OH MY IT IS A HAPPY DAY EVEN IF THERE IS A HURRICANE THREATENING TO MURDER ME

Hurricane Sandy is coming over so I better clean my room

#music #radio #Halloween #Sandy #uk The England Swings Show TODAY : October 28, 2012  via

Our troubles are over everyone. I'm going to scare #Sandy away with this!

To all those in the path of #Sandy, prayers being sent your way.  Possessions can be replaced; people cannot.  Stay safe

These hurricane sandy tweeets have me dying! Hahaha

#Sandy  Thank you so much, Chris.  :) Here's one of the calm before the storm from my balcony.

Building a hurricane playlist - send suggestions.

i just hope i have electricity. i might not bc of the hurricane :(

Honestly, why do we have to wait for big storms to start looting? #sandy

If you are in the track of Sandy, you SHOULD prepare NOW Today should be the LAST DAY!

There really needs to be a hurricane episode, or a just a good rainstorm. The weather seems to be perpetual summer.

I love Sandy only cus we have no school tomorrow thanks to her.

- Mommy is stuck in Jamaica -__- stupid hurricane canceling flights and whatnot -.- Rass lol

You know you work in Brooklyn when people take the time to look for non-interventionist wines to pair with their hurricane provisions.

Girl is blowing me, I call her Sandy

To everyone back home stay safe in the hurricane.  Id like to see you at thanksgiving

My mom never been threw a Hurricane you can tell because she doin the most and won't shut the fucc up.

Ziemlich krass was in New York los ist.  #Sandy

Hurricane Sandy = sleepin and tweetin all day

take care and all the best when Sandy hits NYC!

You can see it tomorrow and tell me what you think. Hopefully we won't have school though because of Sandy.

Nice day for a pre-hurricane recital, don't you think ?

word i just wouldnt go in either. What can they do? Its a hurricane who is going to come for a big mac lmao.

HOLY SHIT! These customers need to calm thier tits! They are acting like there's a category 5 hurricane coming

ido know sandy !! we go way back since spongebob ! thats the only squirrel ifucks wit !

Serious #Sandy question: we're about to take the bus from DC back home to NYC, should we even bother?

if i die in this hurricane, tell jack barakat i love him. sljdgoqwwo1`h

Maybe #Sandy will be a lady and drop a GIANT TROPICAL CENTIPEDE on NYC. #partyfavors

I'll probably gain 10 pounds from doing nothing but eat during the hurricane

Wow, model prediction of wind speeds Mon eve. D.C.  NYC, Baltimore, Boston, Cape Cod hurricane force winds Mon 7pm -

Get hurricane by Bridget mendler. On iTunes FREE!!

Gonna be hard to garner political will to fight climate change with so many people ecstatic to get Monday  Tuesday off from work. #Sandy

You should take #sandy seriously because it has the chance to rock you like a hurricane.

It's Sunday, we about to get trapped home by Sandy, so if you're bored, why don't you read this little blog post I

Obama is cancelling his campaign this week due 2Hurricane Sandy. Obama REFUSED help to R men in Benghazi so he wouldn't miss campaign trip!

I just realized that if I can't watch #Dexter and #Homeland because of the hurricane I'm going to be pissed.

This hurricane business is actually getting me worried. Like, even if we do live through this, I don't want all our shit to get destroyed.

Sandy probably gone punk out and not even touch E.O; just like Irene.

Sandy you're my bitch. Thanks. #noschool

lmfao you should of stayed and told your mom that you guys got stuck at the retreat because of the hurricane. WHUT!

ahahaha he knows the hurricane is coming

Dear Hurricane Sandy,See the above picture

Hurricane Supplies.Living by yourself during a hurricane warning is not fun :(

Everyone is SO HYPE about Hurricane Sandy and the fact that Monday/Tuesday classes are cancelled. Hurricane Sandy better come through. 4Real

Live Satellite Loop #Sandy  Tropical force winds stretch860mi

I'll be the only one outside enjoying the hurricane

This hurricane better be as severe as they say or ill be really disappointed #noschool #hopeful

Damn Hurricane Sandy finna hit NYC and NJ

New York is freaking out over the hurricane it's very weird when New York freaks out I hope I don't have to work tomorrow

we have a deadly hurricane coming .. So i guess your the lucky one lls

Why did #Sandy just brush Florida and keep on going? Because she wants to make a big hit on Broadway!

Gov. Malloy has declared a state of emergency for all of CT. Hurricane Sandy is expected to make landfall late Mon. night into

Stay safe MT Why Sandy has meteorologists scared in 4 pics  Thx to

is serving some serious Sandy realness.

Gamestop cancelled the midnight release because of this hurricane. What

i wanna be on the committee that names hurricanes #sandy

Lmao they said hurricane sandy need to go back to bikini bottom.

my buddy Rob Brookens, a.k.a. Barometer Bob found a list of closings in New Jersey in advance of Sandy.

there's a hurricane coming dude. Batten down the hatches.

We are tracking Sandy  we will update you with changes to our schedule. Stay safe enjoy this musical interlude:  #NoVa

Me mary molly and sandy are gonna have a great night

Good luck I changed my Wed flight for tonight. Fingers have been crossed all day that flights still get out today #sandy

Everyone wants this bitch sandy to flood or destroy their school. Not remembering that all the days you have off you

Sandy in my face i aint got no worries lmao

My first two weeks in NYC an a hurricane hits, and classes are canceled.. #endoftheworld ?

Twerkfest at my house in honor of Hurricane Sandy.

Hurricane Sandy to drop snow in East Tennessee - WRIC: Hurricane Sandy to drop snow in East Ten

New York City to shut down transit system ahead of hurricane Sandy - The Guardian

After the way the clouds were the last few days, due to the passing hurricane, seeing clear blue sky is really eerie.

Jay Bodner of East Haven walks by a measurement of how high the storm surge could rise at Cosey Beach. #hurricane

So whose house we having this hurricane party at???

Sandy is coming ! I can feel her already.

I feel like I'm not taking this hurricane seriously

Hurricane Sandy: New York governor announces transit system shut down - video: New York governor Andrew

Hope my Aunty Jill Stenning and everyone's gonnae be alright what with that hurricane Sandy on it's way to New York

I don't see shit outside, Hurricane sandy busy tweeting

If I would've came, I would've dressed up. But this hurricane shit..I ain't fucking with it.

Malware New York City to shut down transit system ahead of hurricane Sandy - The Guardian: NDTVNew York City to

I want to see two good teams play, I've seen enough of Sandy

Currently taking hurricane girlfriend applications..food is the most important factor being considered, all inquiries to my DM lol

is it necessary for you to keep rt Hurricane Sandy? LOL

Will my job be open tomorrow ? Fuck yes  Like who would bring their child to a daycare in a hurricane? Most ppl at my work

The hurricane hits at 6am. There's still hoper

Lil ugly ass if sandy won't coming her ass ull be on the way to the store!

Classes canceled Monday and Tuesday for hurricane sandy #idonthateit

Yaay my bestfriends here til wednesday ! Thanks to #Sandy

I'm so confused by all the numbers and data I'm reading. Will #sandy have stronger winds than Irene?

ppl need to calm their tits about this hurricane

, inn casee #Sandy knocksss power outt .

I'm about to get mad snacks #sandy

really wish the hurricane came sooner so I didn't have to go to work today :(

Lmao this dumb ass storm can kiss my ass real money makers don't let Shyt stop dem I'm out here me and this bitch sandy

I know! My luck! When have we ever had a hurricane the end of Oct.? The hospital is over an hour and a half away.

The eye of the hurricane isn't coming to Baltimore anymore. How anticlimactic.

Hurricane #Sandy forces the first man in line for a Wii U at Nintendo World out of his spot:  via

While you make your last minute preparations in leiu of Hurricane #Sandy, dont forget to pack important documents, or s

Football, hurricane and chillin with my boys!

Homeless Shelter opening today at 4 pm in Arlington for adults. More details at  Please RT  Share! #sandy

i really hope this hurricane gets ballsy tomorrow

doing a great job with #Sandy updates. Stay connected with

hurricane sandy. Please close my school down

Stay safe family and friends in the North East. #sandy

Lehman College will be closed all day tomorrow, Mon., Oct. 29 because of  Hurricane Sandy.

What are all my SCSU followers doing regarding this hurricane? To stay on campus, or to not stay?

last year the hurricane did nothing to hampton, NO SCHOOL. last year the hurricane killed 28374774 people in NPN, schoo

I wish I had the playstation for this hurricane

I don't wanna do anything but cuddle with my baby during this hurricane bs..

Just in: Hurricane Sandy's death toll rises to 65 as flooding continues in Haiti - Washi  By

All the ppl in the Hurricane zone god is with u! Just hold tight nd move somewhere safe enough if possible!

Woo classes canceled tm already. Keep up the good work Sandy.

Hurricane Sandy is on its way. You see, New York? This is what happens when you let gay people get married.

Sandy not messing up my plans cuase i didnt want to go to school !

Going uber Asian this Sandy. I have daikon! I have bokchoy! And I'm not afraid to soup them! (Fishcakessss!)

What's Sandy gonna do when she dies down? #nomoretweets

Lets take hurricane sandy and push it somewhere else.

People Rushing To Buy Food and Water For The Hurricane Im Saying Buy Wine, Condoms and Re-Fill Those BC Prescriptions.

hurricane sandy needs to chill out bro

Hurricane Prep: CHARGE THE SHIT OUT OF YOUR BLACKBERRIES, IPOD, IPAD, MACBOOKS, VIBRAT- Oh wait.

Stocking up for the hurricane - rum, OJ, lime juice Wait - there's a storm too?

This week on Twitter: DO you have a moral obligation to see Cloud Atlas? And is the hurricane in the Northeast really that bad? STAY TUNED!

if that hoe sandy mess my crib up she gon be da next jawnt gettin hands put on em lol

last friday i was at walmart wondering why all the water was sold out. sandy is not on mind.

Anyone near hurricane sandy's path, pls get to safety ASAP

Sitting in with my mocha latte from  Enjoying the calm before the storm #Sandy

These hurricane sandy accounts are getting real annoying

Next Joints,If Sandy doesn't blow away my connect

I'm really excited for sandy to hit so I don't have to go to work

Wind is already firece yo. Bring on this goddamn hurricane already

Office hours cancelled for tonight because of that bitch Sandy

Great field position. We need 6 more before Sandy touch down at Lincoln.

Wind picking up. ..Sandy goin be a bitch tonight but don't knock my power out

lol you don't no it's a hurricane comming?

This #sandy storm is looking kind of crazy. You guys stay safe, ok? Keep us updated on here and other social media.

Ok Hurricane Sandy. Don't fail me now. I need tomorrow off to play Persona 4. Given my power doesn't go out of course.

Just finished raking up my front yard. Hurricane, Come At Me!

#shitnobodysays I hope that Hurricane Sandy comes to my city

You can't stop fall celebrations, Sandy!!! acolice

no biggy I have classes for the full week.  Just gonna get blown over by Sandy.

Sandy where the fuck are you damn

Y'all  b careful out there while Sandy rollin thru.

Had a blast with and at the JDRF Walk to Cure Diabetes. Now to prep for #Sandy YIKES!

my bestfriend said what ever happened to hurricane chris  BOL AYY BAYY !

I hope this sandy bitch fucks us up

Thats the plan, I need the pickle ate tomar rt Meatstick a bitch during Hurricane Sandy! Ctfu

Let's hope this hurricane does not take out the power. Especially in my dorm cause if my frozen dinners go bad ima be tight !

Praying for everyone who has been  could be affected by hurricane sandy!!!!! 3

Long run in Rock Creek Park w/Andi before #sandy traps us inside

if i had a boyfriend this whole hurricane would be fun because we would like be together but i don't awkward #loner

Hurricane kit : food, weed, blunts,

I hope Sandy don't hit Richmond bad because I can't swim..

Hurricane?  Sounds like a good excuse to drink some winecome shack up with us  watch some football on a stormy Sunday Funday #sandyparty

S/o to my New York nikkas, sandy on her way wish y'all the best

you better stop playing around. Sandy coming lol

my brother just got sent an emergency alert to evacuate on his phone. all you east coasters be safe!! #sandy

that's why they calling it the frankastorm,  because it's Snow, Wind, and the hurricane

OK, so I've restocked the liquor cabinet and made hummus. That's all I need to do to prep for a hurricane, right?

How hurricane sandy come on your birthday Lmfao

What they gonna do for the niggas in jail and the homeless people, when the hurricane hit?

Waiting for The Email from Kim Smith #Sandy

thanks, we'll all do our best. same to you, isn't Sandy making her way through the DC area?

Mam just called 2 ask if the hurricane if the hurricane was going 2 hit FL as its hitting NY.Don't think she quite grasps the size of the US

I went to sleep and that hurricane page had 1k followers Gained like 14k when I woke up. And only 22 tweets. The fuck

Stay safe everyone!!! Sandy is on her way! Be smart. Be proactive. Be prepared.

- shit real sis sandy gotta chillll lol

Redskins droppin touchdowns and Chelsea dropping points because of shitty calls. Kill me now, Sandy.

Last year we get a damn snow storm , this year we get a hurricane. #SMH

I'll have to watch them. #Sandy hits on my birthday -.+

, hurricane Sandy better not knock my muhfuckingg wifi out lmaooo :)

Sandy Preps: In Their Own Words   things come from SandyIs bringing the Family together.

can't bruh all stores are closing at 7 today hurricane safety shit

I hate to make another hurricane #sandy joke, but she seriously reminds me of my ex. Blowing and fuckin anything she crosses

Only Sandy can save the Jets!

I feel bad for the people who can't come but they've known about the party  the hurricane for a few days.

Wacthing The News  They Said Sandy Bout To Hit Soon ! Oh Lawdd !

If the power goes out do we put our tweets in a bottle and toss them into the stormy streets?#sandy

OOC: If I'm not online later, don't blame me. Blame Hurricane Sandy / Frankenstorm.

This Hurricane Bouta Be Serious! Who House Can Me  Brii Go Too!

Fuck you and your shenanigans hurricane. I just want to get homeeee

I'm not scared of Hurricane Sandy. Bring it on you little bitch, I'll beat your ass.

RT #Sandy nor'easter w/hurricane inside. They're calling it #Frankenstorm. I prefer #Turduckenstorm.

This is the only time I would wanna be from Philly- doesn't have school Monday or Tuesday Thanks sandy

Some people are taking this hurricane like a joke someone could die. When we had that tiny earthquake last year someone did loose there life

Praying for a hurricane to hit as hard as possible #FirstWorldProblems

is amazing and smart to be proactive in advance of #Sandy This is why everyone loves #jetblue

Books to Read During a Hurricane  3 Salvage the Bones. Also Hurricane Punch by Ti

Sandy ki fucker Konsa wi lol

Not the only thing that's gunna flood everywhere #Hurricane #humor #sandy #dirtydan

Eagles..not the kind of news I want to hear while I'm doing hurricane relief prep

My house is like a bomb shelter , im ready for this hurricane r/s

good, good, you are on your way to proper hurricane safety. Now all you need is 17 movies and a bathtub filled with water.

Subway service stops at 7pm tonight. I'm just gonna ride the F train back and forth until that happens. WHO'S WITH ME?? #sandy

Hmmm Sandy Frankenstorm sounds like a very nice Jewish guy I dated in college.

All lanes open and the line in the grocery store winds to the back. #NYC #Sandy normal shopping for me. I slept through Fran.

If only #Sandy came last week then i could get a hand fan, squirt bottle and have myself a wicked halloween costume

My community Alexandria, VA just announced a Declaration of Local Emergency due to Sandy. Thanks Councilman Frank Fannon for the info!

Hurricane Sandy is not playin around it seems. Everyone in the Tri State, be safe!

Hurricane sandy hits tomorrow for us. *crosses fingers it hits the school so I can stay home and listen to Little Things*

Barely any boats left in the harbor #sandy

Mom No stores have batteries anymore. It's too late, can we just give up?! #sandy

#Sandy, why can't we look the other way?

Instead of sitting inside and drinking for this hurricane we're playing football in it 4:30 westville football fields. Come out

What I love about Mom: Her hurricane preparedness routine consists of going to the library to get some good books to read.

Let us make your hurricane worrying less stressful. Call the hotel for our hurricane rates 410-694-0808. #frankenstorm

I am not spending this hurricane locked in this house alone!

I'M READY FOR HURRICANE SANDY I'M GETTIN HIT THE HARDEST RIGHT OF THE EYE . WOOP WOOP.. AND SORRY IF I'M NOT ON TWITTER TONIGHT

i wish this hurricane would get tf on

To drive back to school now or to drive back tomorrow in the hurricane. That is the question. #whatdoido

Thinking of USA friends in the path of Hurricane Sandy, keep safe and in touch  #Sandy

loving this 4 day weekend because of sandy. and bc I don't have class on Friday I only have 4 classes this week :D

Anyone notice everyone's already bitching about this hurricane yet it hasn't rained AT ALL yet..?

To everyone pooh-pohing #Sandy: I hope you're right.  I'd rather you be cautious  alive/unharmed if you're wrong. Sta

Wishing all the best to my friends and collegues in the US. Hope #Sandy is not doing to much damage

Sandy taking everyone In a frenzy! This place is packed!

Hurricane today, I'm complaining but nobody's listening.

Relieved my sister lives inside a triangle of evac centers in the biggest safety zone in the city. Bushwick, ftw. #sandy

Hurricane sandy cancelled my dads flight :)))

Can we just stay in Costco during the hurricane #storehaseverything

So, Sandy Likes To Blow Trees

Stay safe, East Coast friends  family! #Sandy

You know im just going to sleep through this  hurricane

This is what I think of when people say hurricane sandy

FUCK YES GET TOMISS MONDAY AND TUESDAY THANK YOU HURRICANE SANDY3333333

Hurricane beverages with my buddy.  [pic]:

Wishing Godspeed to those who are in the path of Sandy

cross your fingers sandy doesn't get bad till later so we can have a once party!!

Woohoo work abd classes canceled for tomorrow. Everyone be safe and dont let Sandy make you go crazy.

I hope the hurricane postpone school!!!!!!!!!?:/

Sandy sounds awful, but as I recall, Irene was the real bitch.

Enough with these goddamn news conferences during the football games, we get it there's a hurricane

Lord please be with everyone I'm NYC and around there. Hurricane sandy doesn't look good.

yep :) u? soo scared for the hurricane today O__O

so i guess 'll shout out to hurricane sandy for giving us this nice weather lol

This actually looks like a serious hurricane! Should be interesting

If Howard does not cancel classes, Sandy ain't real.

Hurricane party at my aunt house though!

VIDEO You Tube !! Hurricane Sandy 2012 and flooding -

ATTENTION STUDENTS, FACULTY, AND STAFF:Please read this important announcement regarding Hurricane Sandy

Sandy is not bringing us down! Sneak peak at our EnV Chica article in Bella NYC Magazine's Holiday Issue.

but a few years ago in toronto there was a tornado during a hurricane

Jets now trail Dolphins 17-0 early in 2nd. With a hurricane on the way MetLife Stadium might be about empty by Halftime.

Hurricane Party at muh house starts at 5

I'm different, yeah I'm different Pull up to the scene with your ceiling missing when sandy done !!!

Wow! Fox News just reported that meteorologists say that Sandy COULD BE the biggest storm to ever hit the Northeast!

nah..I'm a ride or die hard New Yorker. Some trick named Sandy ain't gonna run me outta town!

that sandy on the map thing is so funny to me lmaoo! idk why.

These trains are running horribly today! Well before Sandy's arrival. Wtf  Subway - Manhattan Bridge (B/D/N/Q))

I will, thanx :) plus Sandy ain't ab the destructive life *kanye shrug*

About to pack a duffle and hit up My shortie crib. Camp this bumbass Hurricane Sandy out

Don't thank me for holding.Get your ass back on the line and SERVICE me. #airlines #sandy #holdmusicwillmakemelosemyfuckingmind

I bid my followers on the US east coast a smooth and uneventful encounter with #Sandy storm

Happy Sunday!  A little too much fun last night! #halloweenparty. All you east coasters, stay safe!! #Sandy

Calm tf down its a hurricane ya acting its a motherfucking earthquake or something its juss a storm with alot of wind

top 10 reasons to visit us during the hurricane: 10) free wifi and electricity 9) 300 square feet of windows

I am in NC and due to the hurricane I understand that I may be able to cancel my trip and get a refund.  On hold for over an hr

If Hurricane sandy don't hit they better not call back sayin we got school , It's over for that !

now i gotta buy a week supply of cookies since Hurricane Sandy cummin

heyyy sassi! Well I'm at rehearsals seems like I will be caught up in this hurricane smh!

New Yorkers are boarding up windows for the hurricane.IN NEW YORK!

Hurricane Sandy. Go away. :( (Although we are not affected.)

im mad he got to go to wcmf and im up here waiting for sandy to pass by -.-

Did surprisingly well in pre-hurricane stockpile run. The only thing I didn't get was liquor.

Everybody shut up about Sandy it's Football Sunday

To all my friends in CT, Sandy is bout to fuck yalls shit It's gonna stay for at least 4 tide cycles so hunker down and keep safe

Someone please update me on the current school sitch as I am aboutta get on a plane and fly back to DC and have no clue what's up with sandy

Sandy hasn't even gotten here yet and already I don't have work til Thursday.

I'm At Target . This Store Is BANANAS . . People Taking This Hurricane Serious . In Other News . I Start Working Here TOMORROW ^_^

Signs of apocalypse so far: hurricane, NBC on top, Charlie Sheen Dog, Rape/Muppet campaign platform, no new Gravity Falls, DC Nation moving

Hoping this hurricane doesn't flood my third floor zone a apartment and ruin my suede shoes and leather handbags. #HurricaneSandy

Yo that Hurricane Sandy page got me ctfu

I heard there's going to be a hurricane!

Heres some #trivia  I was born during #hurricane Elena in '85  before Doppler radar! JK  there was radar. #weathermen get no respect!

LONG ISLAND: If you need a place for your #pets due to #hurricane #sandy we have room. 516-746-1566  via

G+: I thought this was interesting based on the aricle I just posted regarding Hurrricane Sandy-Hype or truth?

Sandy needs to take a seat I have better thing to worry about than another bitch #HurricaneSandy

David Simon getting started on show about NYC hurricane that sounds great at first but is really crazy boring except when TV chefs show up.

Click LIKE if you are either preparing for Hurricane Sandy or if you are totally sick of hearing about it.

i swear, i will be the ONLY pissed bitch.and will go outside and fight Ms. Sandy my damn self

Lmaao this hurricane is gonna be exactly like the last one.. Bs

I hope my New York and Jersey fam is safe until Sandy gets off the rag.

Asked my mother of I should be concerned about Sandy, an she just laughed at me #thanksmum

Hope all my East Coast friends are safe #Sandy

Last min tips on where to pick up a hurricane boyfriend? Suspect Target has more in stock but in the mood for overpriced Whole Foods type.

sandy is huge its raining in pit

Just went doomsday shopping at tops #sandy #wontdoshit

Nobody's even concerned about the hurricane all we care about is no school ~

Shit Another hurricane! And its a hybrid Mega storm what the hell is that?

Somewhere the Republican think tank is churning around how to make responsible for #Sandy.

Tonight the all free Hurricane Sandy Halloween costume party at Bentleys  your only spot for Sundays rain or not we part

Remember what we during hurricane irene last year ??

I know there is a Hurricane coming. That's why I'm drinking one. #hurricanesandy #outtawater

How ironic is it that once the gas prices drop, a hurricane comes causing gas prices to rise again  The government is corrupt #illuminati

Wht time sandy comin thru, anybody knows?

SANDY STOP IT RIGHT NOW THIS IS YOUR FATHER STOP IT RIGHT NOW YOUNG LADY

I gurantee you if the hurricane come some dummy gonna say 'this cuffing weather'

Surprised Gov Christie SO publicly effusive with kudos to POTUS for FEMA presence and personal call ahead of #Sandy. Must expect worst!

Heard on twitterverse.No (NYC) schools on Monday. Is this true? #Sandy

Food is scarce in the NY/NJ area before the hurricane. This is from the AP by my house. #fb

The hurricane sandy tweets are funny lol

This Hurricane Sandy Playlist should get you through the storm

Earthquake in Canada, tsunami warning in the caribbean and hurricane sandy World is ending #casual #2012

I'm starting a pool as to when the GOP will blame Hurricane #Sandy on Obama. Each box will represent each 5 minute mark of the next 72 hours

ShopRite Is Really Packed ! Ppl Gettn Ready For Sandy !

I just want an adult hurricane day.

Give your neighbors a call who might need an extra hand getting prepared for #sandy especially those w a disability, student

@highlight

Hurricane Sandy lashes Bahamas with wind and rain.

@highlight

Hurricane Sandy is churning up the waves! Expect peak wind gusts in excess of 50 mph on shore.

@highlight

NYC is getting a hurricane, many flights to New York are cancelled.

@highlight

Megastorm could wreak havoc across 800 miles of U.S.