Remember back in 2010 when Obama was terrified of a potential Huntsman campaign? #justsaying

Elections have consequences-Barak Obama

Romney isn't perfect. And Obama did face big problems from the get go. But how blind are people to history? It doesn't work.

Regardless of wow was to have bee elected yesterday, they were inheriting a much bigger financial mess than Obama inherited in 2008.

RT : Everyone who voted Obama wasn't black, on food stamps, on Medicaid, on Welfare, rachet or ghetto so the ignorance is

Since Obama won again I wonder how many ppl moved or in process of moving to canada n shit Lik that

I'm so happy to wake up know that OBAMA Won Yeah bitches everyone that gave up on him screw you!! Yeah buddy OBAMA #4moreyears #Obama2012

I think it's stupid all the Obama fans are happy, 99% of them are black, fully dependent on the government, or gay. Get a job!!!

Ole Miss Students Riot Over Obama Victory

Oh yea Carson didn't you say Romney was gone win lol

I know, I just found it funny. Lol Did you stay up to watch Obama's speech too?

4 Strategies Businesses can learn from the election -  #obama #election2012

all of Wall Street and large investors favored Romney? Why would it be up? Watch gold skyrocket. People will look to stash $$$

obama won d election. I read a related article yesterday of what kind of influence US presidential election bring to d world.

I've lost followers since last night only because I was for Romney.

Lick it! In Middle East, relief not euphoria at Obama win  [a link in my bio]

If you think Obama is worse than Mitt, look closer. Both suck. That's how politics work.

So now that Obama still is our president, who is joining  moving to Canada?

Say, I wonder if #Obama 's #election2012 victory last night means he's eligible to win the #Nobel Peace prize again?

Middle class mad n if Romney would have won we all we need the stamps

I'm still amazed Obama won w/his horrible record, he's a liar  has our washed up media always covering for him, they are dirty scumbags!

Best of luck to President Obama. Hopefully the country can rally around his hope for America and turn this thing around. #Election2012

US chose Obama once again but there are 2 questions remaining: The Fiscal cliff n' how to deal with the majority of Republicans in the House

Well guess what dumbass, Obama is takin away American oil drilling, and giving it to other countries! Yea good luck with your future!

Mitt Romney tells confederacy not to succeed but get over racism it's 2012 not 1862

We should just run her out the school building. For one she's mad because Mitt Romney didn't win President. Like Rea

White people at Nash SALTY cause im wearin a Obama shirt ! Lol

Every country has a rise  fall.  I just hate that the fall had 2 ome for my  my children's generations. #obama  #beginningoftheend #scared

Victory for Obama: A Mandate for Clean Energy

#Obama wins second term, #Romney concedes defeat - Yahoo! News  via

Im childish lol pissin all the people who hate Obama off lmao #PhuckYoRomneyDream

One question, will Obama blame himself the next four years like he did Bush the first four years?  SAN

I did it for Obama proud to get up and wear my badge for my president ! #welldone

Obama re-election reaction and the impact on US-Egyptian relations

No, Money can't buy this kind of Love! Four more years! #Obama   #FB

Congratulations to our American friends south of us (Canada) to the re-election of their president, Barack Obama.

The first Obama tweet I see will result in my twitter being off for a month.

Ed Rollins put it well. Romney became a viable alternative to Obama - but not a better alternative.

Dallas voted 70% Obama. Fort Worth voted 70% Romney. Can anyone take a wild guess where the blacks live!?

Congratulations to Barack Obama..Too bad you didn't say 'satya ko jit bhayo' like our politicians do.  via FB

Madonna turns gig into election party as stars hail Barack Obama

Obama won here is a 30% off sale

Well, some of us had to turn in our Obama questions today. So I was wondering where am I supposed to turn them in at. lol

Lmfaoo all these white ppl SALTY as shit Obama won in my marketing class I want to laugh at them but not tryn to get skeemd on

People tweet about Obama like he is the dictator. He doesn't control everything, do you remember that thing called

Congrats to obama!!! And for you romney enthusiasts #maybenextterm #obama12

Obama failed to win a majority in the popular vote--and may even have lost the popular vote outright. Damn electoral punk!

S/O to Obama for 4 more years..Yall link cards are safe!!!

- STILL SAYIN OBAMA BABIEE . LOL

i congratulate to barak obama to his great winning. i hop this will make better relationship between india and america.

He didn't even raise his hand when the teacher asked who voted. But a month ago you were proud to say Romney had your vote. You sad boo?

Tired of the #election  #Obama  #Romney? Medical Crime Thriller #FREE today on Amazon!

All the white people that didn't want Obama to win mad today Lmao

US election night tops Twitter record: Barack Obama's victory tweet becomes the most popular ever while Donald T

Today really is that day where we really looking towards the future. We got Obama back in office and he tryna get this nation right.

Now that president Obama has another four more year let's be sure to be ready to do our part to help move this great country along

Thankful that Obama provides me w/ a superb example of how NOT to manage $ when it's time to teach my future kids abt fiscal responsibility

This Romney supporter in my psych class is about to start bitching.

From CNN and NBC:95% of the black population voted for President Barack Obama.

#TopStories President Obama's 'Four More Years' Becomes The Most Popular Tweet Ever via San Francisco Chronicle

Obama still wt the gay shit

Rick Ross should of came out during Obama's speech like he did at the awards lol

It's not Obama who is dividing this country, but the hate  fear mongers who refuse to come together simply bc the

NialI am so glad for Obama, and you?

It's safe to say it was mostly because of the young and black people made Obama win.. :)

lol i wore mines sis and EVERYBODY lookin at my funny blahahahaha #obama

So now that Obama is president again, now what are u gonna do to better ur life?

My teacher seems salty this morning! #Obama

So #Obama now has 4 more years to shut all the #republicans up and prove that he will #change the modern era Better times are coming!!

My teacher has been tlkin about Obama since September -__-

Enjoying watch Fox this morning - Herman Cain said President Obama ONLY won the election because he's popular. Sharp analysis there.

Michelle obama really should run in 4 years

Is it surprising to see all these celebs (that are rich) excited to see Obama win again?

Honking at people taking down their Romney signs #winning

I so struggled to stay up through President Barack Obama's acceptance speech. I got the majority of it, but I did

#Foxnews MITT ROMNEY'S presidency bid failed because voters saw the man was a political chameleon

My daddys boss said if obama elected he would close shop so i guess my daddy just lost his job.

Lmao u hoes couldn't wAit 4 Obama To win smh!!! Just another excuse to hit the Club  be Ratchet !!  Haha #TurnUP see y'all

white gurl talkin shit bout obama #shehatin

riots after the election results. Some people were burning Obama/Biden campaign signs smh

I see the stock market is reacting to Obama's victory. Congratulations, America.

This Obama Romney debate in this class Fucking get over it, Obamas the president. En of story, damn.

White ppl lowkey going ham on obama. So you madd??? Why tho???

oh ok but America is her home too so Obama is her.President also,why do you care tho just report the gossip from your Island

A yo shout out to Bruce Springsteen who lost over a million red neck fans supporting Barack Obama!!!! All good he gain

If you're in CHI, Volois restaurant in Hyde Park is giving away free Obama breakfast.  That's where our dude likes to eat when he's home.

Also I find it funny people are saying how bad Obama is when it's the Gop pushing gloom and Doom Fema Video's Their Comical!

God puts people in Charge for a reason !! He chose Obama For a Reason !!

As sceptical as I am of any politician, I glad they picked Obama. If Romney won woulda start countdown to the Mayan calendar ending!

Today is a beautiful day! Obama's our president, bigots got knocked down, equality is edging forward, AND I'm on the front page of TCJ! #yay

The love Obama has for his wife is too cute!!

On a scale of french fries to the ocean, how salty are you Romney supporters ?

I tweet atleast a hundred times alone win Obama won.. That's not counting the tweets before and after!

I voted Obama won now back to bein a savage

My president is black #salute president Obama

FOUR MORE YEARS! Review the election map showing President Obama's win

Obama proved if you want it bad you can get it  He didn't need EVERY vote  You think he slowed the campaign down at any point?

Congrats to President Barack Obama for getting a second term in the White House..

India at 9:Four more years:How and WHY Obama won the race to the white house?10.30 pm: watch Obama's victory speech. :)

Are people still complaining that Obama won? Shut the hell up. Your bitching and sorry attitude about it ain't gonna change anything. You

These election tweets crack me up bc whites voted mitt and blacks voted obama. Y'all are retarded

Sophie sleeping in after the victory party for #forward #Obama2012 #Obama  Church, VA

It was obvious Obama was going to win; once you go black, you never go back(;

You bitches that Voted for Romney  hahaha

President Obama says he can do the Gangnam style dance.

As Obama picture said on FacebookLOOK ME IN MY FACE, I AIN'T GOT NO WORRIES

Election 2012: New Voting Tech Caused Some Headaches: President Obama was re-elected on Tuesday, but n  #it #news

it talks ab cher that fully support Obama n twt something ab Romney

What I'm hearing: Obama won all the cool places I might actually live. Romney won all the shitty placed I'd never live.

Obama won now every one isn't a politician until the next four years lol

The whatever 'recovering' the U.S.  financial markets have done thus far has been in spite of Obama, not because of Obama.

My reading and science teacher Madd cuz Romney aint winn

Lol what policies from Romney do you like?

'We've given our all,' Romney tells supporters

Professionals who should know better: Suffolk polling pulled out of FL and VA a month ago, called them for Romney.

Start acting like Michelle instead of Rihanna, and u ll find ur Barrack Obama instead of Chris Brown #ododo oro#

Part of me was looking fwd to going back to Africa if Mitt Romney won tho. lol

What!? Obama won and the world didn't explode?

The problem with Obama being re-elected isn't healthcare or the economy it will be his choice in Supreme Court judge appointees #notgood

Via Russia's Putin Welcomes Obama's Re-Election  #NH1074Ward

Just because you don't agree with Obama it does not make you a racist you morons. Go away already.

10 Pics of People Around the World Celebrating the Re-Election of President Obama

$cmg does not care about politics, or Obama owns it?

WOW!! I posted this 42 weeks ago and lookey lookey here. #obama #biden #nostradamus

healthcare until you're 26! Thanks, Obama! 3

Hey guess what guys! No matter how you bitch and complain, Obama is still the president. So stfu :)

Mitt Romney need his ass whooped #ThatsHowImFeeling

Only 32% voted for Obama in Lake County. Cant rely on Lake County for shit.

Romney was a decent and honorable man Nobody is willing to give him a chance. Yet youre willing togive obama one?

#Obama campaign: $923M. Democratic SuperPACS: $100M. Karl Rove meltdown: #Priceless

BTW, congrats forecasting Obama's 303 EV victory  on the nose! U were among a small handful on my friends who got it right!

Obama to visit Myanmar this month: Government official  | etribune, World

Too bad I actually voted for Romney. But I will deal with Obama and adapt

Mitt Romney a man yall started berating and bashing not even 5 minutes after his loss would've pulled you into a brighter tomorrow?

I really don't like the Obama #Sux comparisons! If it's true, election season was the All Star Break  come 2015 we are screwed.

since everyone think Obama is tryin to legalize pot, then how about everyone just go out and smoke on the street and lets see what happens!

Thanks, but I don't buy the #propaganda. I look at the facts of where this country is today. #Obama didn't earn a 2nd term.

Only upside to this is that in 4 years Obama won't be in office.

just seen obama nutting on romney.. lmao

The new Bond film 'Skyfall' is going to make a killing with the Romney supporters.

Dude. We still have a president who gets #sopitted bodysurfing. #Obama

Thank God For  President Obama And his first  4 Years   He made His  Days Count That's  Why God Bless Him

I love how 104.7 is integrating clips from Obama's speeches into all the songs. It actually sounds really nice

Do you have any evidence that Obama is lying? I find you bothersome.

HAHA If Romney could read some of tweetsi think he would overdoseon pain meds

Romney didn't get votes from his own state..that's like a bitch slap. #damn

And yea I may tweet about Obama all day !!!!!

Congratulations for all your efforts and analysis over the past several years. You certainly were a major part of the Obama team!

obama  romney was up  down my tl lastnight but now everybody back too basketball ,talking bout niggahs  females, at wat they be smokin on

4yrs ago Obama won the election, JibberJobber saw unprecedented surge in signups ppl very concerned about their jobs. Again it starts.

Yeah unemployment does stink. But guess who caused it? Obama.

well as much as you want to turn this into a political debate. Obama won.

But for real dho. How u gonna get that Romney sticker off?

tai said fucc all you hoes obama won bitch

They still debating about this Obama  Romney shit just stfu Obama won damnnnnnnnn

If I Speak To Yu And Yu Ignore Me.. Ima Assume Yu Voted Fa Romney

yall complain about #romney and #obama THEN YOUR ASS SHOULD HAVE VOTED #GARYJOHNSON #muthafucka #murica

God elects our leaders. He's probably just chastening us with Obama. Ain't got no worries #jesus2012

President Obama wins second term.. We are to pray for him.

I think I'll just skip work today. After all, I support Obama, so I must not be a productive member of society. #sarcasm

Congrats President Obama, you haven't hurt our small business.On another note, Colorado has legalized

Romney campaign puts binders full of women back into storage. #Christie2016

BUT Obama won! So pull yourself together!

There's a reason Obama won reelection. Stop being bitter. Some of you have your nose so high you'd drown in a thunde

Church leaders congratulate Pres. Obama: The First Presidency and the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of The Churc

I thought the political ranting would stop after yesterday, guess not! Seen so many racial comments toward Obama  it makes me mad! #Shutup

Barack Obama didn't tweet that personally his campaign did nice try though

#4moreyears I wonder when in the 4 years Obama will blame Bush?

Congrats to - Obama not only got the votes - but he got SWAG! Happy in Canada today.

When Obama Won, So Did America#8217;s Future

R Obama's victory tweet sets record

Obama should legalize weed everywhere : I'd move there quick tingz

Obama is president, pots legal in Colorado, and a bunch of gays can get married. Maybe everything is gonna be ok.

tf?!  bitches just better be glad Obama won !

My car was just deemed as a total loss by the auto shop and insurance company. Oh well. Still, that can't ruin today! #obama

Dear Romney, you got like 20 nil in the bank.you'll be ok!

If your a Romney supporter you can seek comfort in knowing that the world will end next month. #myans

Obama's Kenyan relatives react to White House win: Waving her walking cane and smiling broadly, the step-grandmo

I'm glad obama won cuz with mitts ass thinking the middle class makes 250,000 a year i would need 2 more jobs to live off of.

Ten Flagrant Examples of Obama Lying During His Presidentcy

Me whenever someone brings up Obama's race or religious background as a negative. O-Ren-Ishi-I in Kill Bill:

Ciye Obama the number one of trending topic

Now That Washington Has Legalized Pot, People Are Really Excited For PAX:  Screw Obama: the most exciting news f

The Obama women are stunning ladies!  Sooo proud of our country! #Obama

Obama can take Fine Fine pictures.

I've noticed how mch people from other countries love Obama. I'm sure they don't know his policies well but he is cool :)

Look, everyone, I don't buy these turnout numbers. The enthusiasm for Obama was not there with his demographic and he does better than 2008?

In addition to Obama and the Senate, we made real progress at the ballot: #MarriageEquality in MD, ME  WA and pot legalized in WA  CO.

big news story today? Obama's recession landslide or marine dories in an Aussie jungle? Lol

Well done US of A - you choose well #obama You could have had this guy! Great new coasters from

im lowkey richer than romney lmfao

This is not cool!  Why do these people want to discuss the election. Pres. Obama won! Get over it

Obama's Presidential Inauguration is on MLK Day!!! how fitting

Yes. We can. Nice victory the Obama versus Romney.

Obama won electoral and popular vote looks like ppl like him hmph #4moreyears

Since Obama has been in office, the stock market has been up on average about 4000 points on a whole

YIPPEE!!!!     OBAMA   OBAMA  OBAMA      YIPPEE!!!!

I'm jealous of the theoretical nap Mitt Romney is taking today.

Who wants to be my Michelle Obama? Have a bright future by my side?

Weed legal in 2 states, Gay Marriage legal in 2 states,Obama is PresidentConservatives heads are probably exploding

Given 2nd Term, Obama Now Facing New Urgent Task: Given 2nd term, Obama now facing new urgent task

Obama won't wait for chaos to declare Martial Law; radicals create the chaos!

America really screwed up. I voted Romney. :( This world is going to hell in a handbasket with a big ass

still super heated about last night.. I just hope obama gets his shit together for the better of our country and we can thank him in 4 years

Blaming obama for this economy is like blaming a firefighter for a house catching on fire; He didnt start it he's jus

DGAF ,  str8 thuggin round this bihh today w/ my Obama shirt on!

I ain't tryna hear the words Obama, Romney, ignorant, racist, black, or swag for atleast 72 hours

niga we need Obama shirts haha we could were them bitches to the game

Song for today as I ride pass the Romney supports: My president is black lol

Your friend said that Romney was using the same slogan the KKK used in the 1920's. (cont)

I'm glad Obama won cuz now I can listen to my president by young jeezy for four more years and feel good about it. That song bumps.

People still talking negative about Obama winning

John, you may have lost mePlay some Queens of the Stone Age in honor of Dave Grohl returning #Obama.

One more status about Obama and Romney

Idc if people were for Romney. Good, you have an opinion. But You just dont have to be racist or say stupid shit about it

Good Morning I'm just celebrating for Obama

PRESIDENT OBAMA WINS SECOND TERM (PHOTOS)

i wish black people would understand that all white people arent racist and that the vote from white people kept Obama in

Ikr? I'm not very political but the Romney/Obama jokes on Tumblr are HILARIOUS! Made my morning. Lol

HAHA!!! Donald Trump Goes On An Epic Rant On Twitter After Obama Wins   via

Fiscal Cliff looms over Obama election win. argues with me about how to fix it (vid)

Wtf is that racist garbage about Kaylah Romney?

Here in Port Elizabeth, Eastern Cape SA, many here are celebrating Obama's re-electionand the American public

WBOC producer Robyne McCullough asks: With President Obama reelected, Democrats retaining control of the U.S.

Akin lost by 16% in a state that voted 54% Romney

I got carded buying halo 4 because of Obama

I'm still trippin over the fact that Obama won Houston Texas (Harris County) by two votesout of 1.2 million cast

Hard to reconcile the fact that some of the closest friends I've made since living in Louisiana voted for Romney and are

NPTimes Blog Platform For The Nonprofit Sector: With Election 2012 now over, and President Barack Obama official

Once you go black you never go backyall mad as shit obama won.

People of color, women, youth and allies we can put the hatred out of business when we stick together! Congrats President Obama

How my obama voters feelin ! #we outchea

Four more years of gridlock! I mean Obama Eh Same thing

interesting - Inside the Secret World of the Data Crunchers Who Helped Obama Win

#Saksi: US President Obama gets second term, vows to work across party lines

Ms. Kathleen, yesterday was awesome. Halo 4 AND Obama!Mostly Halo 4. #ObamaIsFreakingSweetToo

Obama back in office, it ain even been 24 full hrs and ppl townin already haha. These ppl downtown #doingthemost

Pleased to see #obama getting back in. I hope he can function with the same senate profile!

It's amazing how #Obama truly makes you feel as if we, the people, were/are truly apart of his campaign and administration.

It shouldn't be lost that Romney's website broadcasted Obama's speech last night. Another show of class by Romney has his campaign.

I think it's pretty cool that Obama plays basketball on every Election Day. #thebasketballLife

Hey I NEED a new cellphone I mean nothin wrong with this one but I need a new one common obama hook me up why should I have to pay??

I'm all for Mitt Romney, but I'm not gonna lie, I wouldn't mind having a libertarian president #whyaretherenotmoreliberta

LOL RT: Siaya mum names twins after Barack #Obama and Mitt Romney  #Kogelo

Jay-Z wore a peacoat at President Obama's Ohio rally the other night

Ppl at work are sooo MAD!! Obama won I work for old mormon white ppl that should say it all

Obama was destined to win. You can't run a country with the nickname 'Mittens'.

Back to being an Obama critic again. #neverstopfighting #changestartsfromthebottom

Watch:  Election Results 2012: President Obama Re-Elected - Matthew Dowd discusses what the president's victory wins

I never once said that I didn't like Obama cuz he was black. That's ignorant to hate someone because of race or color. I just don't agree.

Obama's troll army is out in force this morning.

My Obama Uninstaller crashed now my economy won't boot up. :( #tcot

I think I was more entertained by Diane Sawyer than I was with the actual Romeny and Obama Speeches.

Yes we did and I'm forever grateful for him! I love you Mr. President Barrack Obama! Cincinnati we did our thang!

Suppose to be doing school work..*turns on Obama victory speech*

The market is just tripping on a stone Bush left unturned.  Not #obama's fault at all.

Stayed up last night watching this Fell asleep during Obama speech tho

Obama has little time to savor election triumph - Reuters: CBC.caObama has little time to savor electio  #GoogleN

it seems clear-theres no way obama is ordained of God and God is in control. God is saying there is more for us to do dont hang your heads

ahhhhh u feel shitty as hell dnt u we knw team OBAMA BITCH

Im sure all Obama supporters are throwing down hard tonight because welfare or a new stimulus plan will repay them tomorr

Holy shit! Obama re-elected! Voter ID voted down! Marriage definition change rejected! Marijuana now legal in 2 states!

Brilliant Clare - we must keep up the momentum until next Thursday. I heard Barack Obama say that last week and see it worked!!

I bet Obama get assassinated within 2 years #Romeny

i'm pretty good. relieved that Romney lost!

Do you think Idk that? but Obama does the arab world no good either

Still haven't done anything today all I've done was talk shit to the Romney voters

I hate it when I wake up and Obama is still the president.

#OBAMA he handle ish like a BOSS

President Obama's Historic Photo Steals Twitter Record From Justin Bieber: A pic of the POTUS and First Lady hugging has ear

what's so bad about Obama. I'm no politician

Good to see the popular vote is in favor of Romney. That's the actual election. Actual, personal votes by Americans a

LOL you shut up??!! Obama's the best !!!!!!!!!!!!!

This President Romney neck tattoo I just got is gonna be real awkward now

OBAMA, legend in the making! Wish he was our priminister:( #jealous, #GODBLESSAMERICA

Ok listen everyone is bullshit about politics it's over just because people have an opinion for Obama or Romney #ItsOver

like they all say, once you go black you can never go back! obama 2012!

Romney is still unemployed.  Maybe a music career?  Mitt Romney Style:  via

Barack Hussein Obama!  I salute you Mr. President!  The Michael Jordan of politics.  Did I hear someone say MVP (Most Valuable Politician)

I don't like Obama, therefore I'm a racist. #facebooklogic #sogladimnot15anymore

Will President Obama Continue To Not Care About Medical Marijuana Patients?: President Barack Obama has been ree

Video: AFP - Asians divided over Obama's re-election: Pakistanis, Afghans and Indonesians react to the US electi

No yawa! Victory for  Mitt Romney in 2016. Amen.

did anyone seriously think Romney was gonna win? i mean #lezbehonest #getreal #nowshutup

See good things are already happening because OBAMA won, we shall enjoy

Great overview of why last night happened21 Reasons for Obama's Victory and Romney's Defeat | RealClearPolitics:

well it would have made a lot more sense for Democrats if Romney had won than it would for the Republicans, given Canada's laws..

Then I saw another status about somebody not voting for Obama bc he is for gays getting married but have you researched Mormonism my dear?

I guarantee if Obama was white, he would've won by a landslide. Its sad, but true. #YouKnowImRight

and I'm not cause I don't like Romney haha okay. End of conversation.

I hope the got Obama well secured because I kno he got some death threats coming his way  Sad but true !

Romney Lost Alot Of Money Last Night. I Bet He Wish It Was In a Different Situation Like Poor Nigga Robbing His Bitch Rich Ass Instead Of TV

Finally got my power restored and President Obama is still the President! Great day, indeed!

Our Obama Congratz~! Republicans(anti-immigrant) can not win for 10 years in future if they don't follow Ronald Regan's pro-immigrant policy

Okay, Romney didnt win but you should still be respectful to Obama. Whether you like it or not, he is our President.

The election is over  Obama won. It doesn't matter anymore if you like him or not. He's our president so give h

Obama wins, gay marriage passes, Senate holds. What does it meannnnnn?

i was no joke gonna go back to korea permanently if romney won.

This lady at my ortho. keeps telling me only 'blacks and gays' voted for Obama. UhI am neither. Sorry. You are misinformed.  and mean.

2 election observations: 1) nearly ALL major US cities are blue 2) brand is everything - Obama has redefined candidacy

right , just let Obama be great lol

You Must See This Victorious Obama: 'Best yet to come': US President Barack Obama pledges to reach across the po

I dont know what im more scared of..the next four years, or the fact that America voted for Obama.

Sittin in class so sleepy cause Obama kept me up last night, but thats ok cause he got #4moreyears !!!

Re-electing Obama, sad to say that this country is on the right track towards Socialism.

i def feel the same way. It was def s tough decision. I don't think i was as much pro Obama as i was anti Romney

lmao im sorry i have to share some obama jokes with y'allthey're too funny not to share

Now we know why Obama been in Colorado so much latey.. lol

No, I am not removing my Romney pins from my backpack or the Romney signs from my door for a long time.

Big win for math  science: Nate Silver is 49/49. He has FL to Obama, but it was the closest probability with a 50.4% chance of BO victory.

I wish I could say feel confident with our president. Honestly I'm pretty damn scared that Obama will still be in charge once Im graduated..

How high do you have to be to marry someone of same sex?#gaymarriagelegal #marijuanalegal #Obama #tcot #lnyhbt #YesWeCan #sarcasm

Obama is AFRICAN lol .. Yeahhh, that nigga flossy (:

So Obama is the President, right ? That's so cool ! Sadly in France we can't vote for him. #OBAMA

If these people don't stop yelling about Obama i am about to get crazy

covers the highlights  wonders if Obama's victory is bad for comedy

they hangover over Obama's victory? Either happy or depressed.

LMMAO these white people up here hating on my nigga OBAMA cause he won

Making the re-election of Barack Hussein Obama one of those restored-my-faith-in-humanity events.

The (Non-Existent) Tweet That Helps Explain Obama's Reelection  via

Iowa City Election Results 2012: Obama, Loebsack, Incumbent Supervisors, Stutsman are Winners; Jail Measure Defeated

Obama won the electoral votes and the popular vote   #allsmiles #teamobama God knows what he is doin by c

Obama? Romney ? - they both not that great ! Daniel Levenstein for president !!!!!

I love president Obama He's so humble

JUST REMEMBER_Ohio Voting Machines Only Allow Vote for Obama:

I bet Mrs. Obama got THE best D of her LIFE last night/this morning..

The #US presidential #election comes to an end with #Obama edging past Romney for a term of another 4 years at the White House! Good or bad?

Boing Boing - Particle physicists not yet willing to call the election for Obama

I'll bet 20 dollars right now that Obama is in either Colorado or Washington right now.

I was so right about obama. #Ahhshoot

ALL HAIL TO THE COMMANDER IN CHIEF PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA!!!!!!! MUCH LUV!!!

I don't care if you like Obama or not, he is still our president.. Have respect for him. You just sound stupid ass hell

Soooo, have there been any spontaneous combustions due to Obama being re-elected? No? Alrighty then, let's get back to life as usual.

especially when you have people walking up In school yellin Romney or Obama .-. It's like really stfu.

Four More Years!! :-) Congratulations President Barack Obama! I love my P.O.T.U.S #POTUS

Props to Obama! Lower  middle class citizens can continue to have hope!

Yeah he went way off the deep endlike when he said that shit about Obama and Ghana. I was like damn..had to research that shit.

Moneycontrol.comStocks plunge one day after Obama reelectionUSA TODAYPresident Obama clapping at his acceptance speech on Nov. 7, 201

Businesses are already letting people go some business are packing up and leavingway to go America! U Obama lovers are fucking regarded!

Speaking of american politics, I find this victory a lot more amusing than Obama's:

Well Barack Obama is our President for the next 4 years but he has alot of work to do thats for sure.

Obama's re-elected  marijuana and same sex marriage are on the risescratch #4moreyears how about #4evermoreyearssans drones.

At least Kentucky was smart enough to vote in Romney. Good job kentuckians.

o_0.at least he loves Obama lol

yes we are, but most of the economic growth has come in the last 2 years. Even if Romney won we wouldn't have a government

Hispanics put Obama over the edge. Lets see you keep your promises. #JSA #dreamformore

That's where I would bet my % for sure. I'm not optimistic, but Obama still may not come down hard, didn't campaign against it.

Justin, it also means a lot of very dead Jews and Obama will not lift a finger to stop it.

That happened to me last nightright as Obama won. I was irate!

Savannah went Libertarian for Gary Johnson and Selina went for Obama.

To the ppl who voted Obama because he was black, what are you gonna do in 2016

It's a great day to wake up in the US because everyone worked to together as a whole and re-elected President Obama for 4 more years!!!

I love how the people in my class are arguing about Romney and Obama. -_- Just shut already. The elections are over.

Lmfao everyone walked Ito my science class all pressed cause Romney lost.

ICYMIS: Here are Obama's ( and Romney's ( speeches from last night.

Cant wait to go to first period and rub it in ms ponces face that obama won!

Lmao y'all Obama haters wanna know why he got four more years? Demographically look at what makes up your party and its supporters..

Obama got a second term, Niggas need to start some businesses or some shit this time around.

gotta admit no matter how cocky mitt romney is, he conceded like a man.

Obama's re-election secures health care reform - Nov. 7, 2012

I blame Obama for my bad day.

you right about that.  I voted for Obama..but what are those ppl gonna do in 4 years if there isn't a black candidate? o_O

Newshour: US re-elects Obama 7 Nov 12. Owen Bennett Jones with the latest analysis and reaction to the US election.

All the raggedy bitches was super on last night cause OBAMA won. Lol they happy the keeping the food stamps

Victory of Obama! Another four years for US Presedent.

Chris Christie is a piece of crap. He DIDN'T have to suck up. He had Obama/FEMA by the balls, but played his hand ALL wrong. Dufus A-hole.

GROUP HUG CUZ WE KICKED ROMNEY'S ASS AND SAVED AMERICA.

I guess I have to like Obama now

Thank God for waking you this morning and allowing us to see a great election!!! Congratulations Barack Obama! We can make a difference.

Niggaz dat ass thought Obama wasn't gonna lose

Excellent ! Top 25 ratchetness on Romney by the Hood !

GeorgesBay's Positive Outlook: Divided U.S. Gives Obama More Time -

obama doesn't have much better of a record on abortion, but does on the rest.

Best thing out of the election is that if (when) Obama fucks up well have a conservative president for the next 20 years #GOP

Ms. Enrique said she voted for Romney -_-

Obama's reelection only proves once you go black you never go back.

haha i get it!!! bcs obama is dark :O

Obama won, yeahhhh. Congrats USA :)

because you love Obama do much you should just move too America. Or California. Or my bed. Whatever floats your boat.

Simon Schama for on why Obama won:

In my opinion, Romney's indecent stance on immigrations was his worst mistake. I hope O undertakes serious immg. reform.

Look y'all ! Just ignore all the negativity from the people hating on Obama  ! They got 4 years to get over it lmaoo

My President black  back for 4 mo/now me  lil man can watch Elmo/ My nieces can look up to Michelle Now Romney can stop lying  go to hell

HISTORY WAS MADE LAST NIGHTNot Obama being reelectedWASHINGTON  COLORADO LEGALIZED MARIJUANAWhether u smoke or n

absolutely. We already see the aftermath of Obama +4 on Wall Street.

President Obama's election victory tweet becomes most retweeted ever (TNW)

Yall romney voters have to deal with MY president for #4moreyears

Did y'all catch Obama grandma in Kenya on the news lol

Okay Obama, you've been reelected. Now, let's do something this time around.

3 classes cancelled ; Obama won ; Tuskegee football going to the championship ; Tuskegee basketball won they first gam

I thought Romney had it, I ain't gone lie ..I'm so thankful I was proven wrong

I swear nobodyyyy on my TL or my fb sedd anything bbad abr obama !

Lady Gaga has called into a radio station to talk about the US election and why she has voted for Barack Obama. Liste

Romney, nice concession speech you phony! Can one person be more insincere? #shitonmitt

My advice to President Obama fire Valerie  czars, team up with learn business, US his

Obama is president for 4 more years so i dont think the world will end

If Romney woulda won, i was gone cut my dreads and go str8 to the service on everything..

yepp. And if it was the other way around Romney would be pres right now

Smh didn't even stop and talk to me this morning I think cause Obama won

Shortout to my sexy husband OBAMA :)

I nanny 3 beautiful children, in a huge house, nice neighborhood, for 2 employed parents with great jobs and they voted for Obama #pointmade

Irony for the day, everyone is happy that obama will give rights to women, pro choice and gays, has no issue (cont)

No man Lucy, Obama being re-elected is good for England!

Ha glad I don't own stock right now. It's obvious that the market doesn't like Obama either

I fuck with business, Obama is not about his business

Romney spent more on search advertising, but Obama more on mobile and social media.

These Obama post on Instagram  Facebook are awfulplease stop it.

[ Press Release]What will four more years of Obama mean for the tech industry?

NYT: For dissembling and distortion, nothing in it or in past campaigns, for that matter, has equaled the efforts of the Romney campaign.

Congratulations to Barak Obama on a job well done. My best wishes to him and all the family.

obama said we cant move forward looking backward,my president

Someone PLEASE inform the public that Obama also won the popular vote. People on my facebook apparently forgot how to read.

I love how 4 years ago I was in a school that had a chant for Obama, and spray painted his name everywhere. And here there's an uproar riot

burned some signs and started a riot after they learned Obama won..smh

Obama won!!! I am so grateful that I don't have to move out of the country now

Wake up in the mornin feeling like Obama!! #obama2012 #fourmoreyears

Romney instructed me to borrow money for college from my parents. They don't have $100,000 either.

Getting told to kill myself being called a cunt and not worthy and a bunch of other shit because I like Romney. This world is a sick place.

World leaders hail Obama victory, pledge cooperation - AFP

FTSE rise after Obama re-election removes uncertainty

Hey! instead of talkin $hit about Obama and his Birth Cert., why don't you donate the $5 Million to #Sandy Victims! USA!

fuck yessss, i knew obama would win!

Mitt Romney's real first name is Willard. That pretty much explains it all.

I just feel bad for all those unborn babies that are going to die in the next four years #obama

Obama fans can keep on partying, it's not like you're doing anything tomorrow anyway

My Spanish professor told us that her 8 year old daughter this morning cried this morning when she found out Obama won #aww

Statistician predicted all 50 states for Prez Obama, while every single major pundit was wrong  No opinions, more stats!

It was sweet to see Obama with his daughters when he came out to give his acceptance speech. What an awesome family.

ConGratulation My very Good Friend.. President Obama of the USA. ..smiles..

i think black men everywhere should be dicking a bitch down today! Obama is our president again! its only right!

Woke up dis mornin  1st thing I can think about is Obama n da White House lyke bitch hit yo ricky

God I thank you for waking me up, starting me on my way, in good health and strength, a loving family and Obama as my president. #blessed

not saying Romney had all the answers but it's going to be a scary 4 years.

Look I'm glad Obama won nd all dat but these streets ain't gon change

Barack Obama you did it for me and all your people!! #Thanks

Obama HUGE among single women, proving he is one cool mother fucker!

they think Romney bad wait till that man comes along

Watching Obama speech in american gov :) he beasty

Barack and Michelle Obama are the cutest married couple ever

its gone be a big ass arguement in my goverment history class Next hour #OBAMA

and I am guessing that the re elected Obama is wishing the British Prime Minister would do more to end civil war i

Romney shoulda just given me all that campaign money he wastedhisss!

Florida messed up by voting this bum Obama

Tammy Baldwin Elected as First Openly Gay U.S. Senator: Barack Obama was re-elected as President of the United

just like how Romney wanted to ban abortion?! Get real that wouldn't pass congress same with banning gay marriage.

Post Obama Win, Tea Party Not Backing Down -   via

maybe I should make a 20 minute speech to tell her about why Obama won. And present it next time I'm home #BadIdea

Awe y'all don't like everybody talking about Obama? Well get over it bitch. Y'all would've done the same thing if Romney ass would've won.

Headlines for November  7, 2012: Obama Re-Elected to 2nd Term With Convincing Victory, GOP Retains House Control

ah, that's not true!  #HollyRobinsonPeete says Obama CARES!!  what a dumba$$ she is.

And my fellow North Carolinians, Romney won by less than 100,000 votes. We are getting there, slowly. Keep the hope

I didn't like either one but do not think this country will survive another 4 years of Obama. Stock up food and water is all I have to say.

Our professor was on time, Obama is working hard already

Good morning, ladies! What a fantastic day this is. Did you miss #Obama's victory speech? Enjoy!

None of the Romney supporters came to class today! They're hurt lmaoo!

Stop talking About politics , we are all one country, let's unite not split over this. Obama is president , respect that! Stop tweeting!:)

BBC reports Barack Obama victory tweet most retweeted ever  #Obama2012

Twitter bout to be full of Obama tweetsmost of yall voted cause he black and throwin out somethin random like education lol

Ready to hear people bitch about romney all day #obama

I KNOW! RESPECT TO OBAMA :D I can't sleep tonight! they are in Moscow and I'm too! aaaaaaaa

Okay, onward American. And remember, you cant blame Bush anymore, in 2016, the last 8 years will be a product of Obama. #waitsee

okay Obama you see there's a lot of division in the country, now let's see if you can get everybody together to pull the rope same time.

Hat low  in kuwaitWach and learn what OBAMA said

Is Obama win best choice for Canada?

Obama hits d bomb on romney

The market is down almost 300 points after the Obama re-election. But wants you to believe he turning around the economy. . .

If anything, the big strides made for LGBTQ Rights, Women's rights, and Obama's reelection should show you: democracy IS worth it.

And the Oscar for best dramatic actor goes too.a portion of Romney supporters

Obama voters are very unaware of this.  good grades in high school+good/decent SAT/FCAT/ scores=almost FREE or FREE college tuition #simple

Amazing Cept I called that 4 months ago. To many people reaping off the Obama plan for him to lose..

Obama is president?! I'm moving to Puerto Rico.

Forgot the word 'I' RT Conservatives spent '12 laboring under delusion that Obama was a certain loser h

And so the Republican voting young lady expresses her disgust in Romney losing the election. *Waits to tell her to STFU*

Romney thought he was on his way to sending us back here! Hahaha Think again Mitt #TeamObama

Kudos to EBR  #Shoutout to EBR for voting for Obama tho!!!

When I saw pictures of Obama with a noose around his neck and photos saying don't re-NIG, I have a right to be excite

In a recent poll it was found Michelle Obama is uglier than Martha Washington, 230 years deceased.

For all you Romney people that want to bitch.  If you really think shit would of been better think again.  Romney is a fucking joke.

Good morning to yet another great 4 years with Obama

Rebuilding my follower count after my electoral opinions from yesterday made Obama supporters unfollow me

As a conservative, I did not vote for Obama. But do I support him going forward as the President of the Country I call home? Absolutely.

Now that #election2012 is over, I pray all negativity from both sides stop. United, we are one! Help Obama be more successful than 1st term

Would like to remind all of you with the nasty posts that we are all Americans and take your cue from gov Romney

Here you go President Obama Delivers Victory Speech After Winning 2012 Election - Full Video

Aye Obama won the popular Vote also

Finally get to read all about the US Presidential Election. So happy with #Obama winning.

Beyonce Celebrates Obama Win And Joins Instagram: In the days leading up to the election Beyonce made an extra

Your Turn:  What do you think of President Obama's victory?  What's next?  Where does the country go from here?

CNET: Obama faces piracy, privacy tests in his second term

Because she voted for Obama. She to young to vote but she did it. Jose knows, Jose sees all.

New post: Stock futures drop after Obama reelection, EU gloom

Let Obama be the president of United State of America  Bravo and good luck!

Now dat Romney lost 2 Obama,can America pls borrow us Romney,2 become our president 4 d next 4 years?Hw Naija go be like afta?

Congratulations, Obama! I for one applaud the fact you even want to do another 4 years of super stressful Presidency. Huzzah!

I take it you mean today? im on a double. I'd sad face that, but OBAMA WON SO EVERYTHING IS MADE OF AWESOME.

Ok! Obama won, now lets get back to our Commission Charbonneau, mafia murders and resignations So much more fun! #ceic #Montreal #polqc

I agree, I wish I could be calling Mitt Romney my President today!

Obama's win made this a good day for launching latest Opening Doors Shadow Scheme programme with

people act like obama wasnt gonna win anyway you should know how the government works by now !

He looks like Nelson Mandela  Businessweek's new cover shows an aged Obama: 'The Next Four Years' http

so of course your gonna defend Obama your brainwashed just like republicans were during bush's presidency .

Obama gettin hella ass this week!

The evangelical Christians jumped in the trash with the libbs, unregistered, didn't vote, voted Obama. Look2their leaders.

History as it happens, barriers can be broken! #Martin #Luther #King #Barack #Obama #POWER

Why These Bitches Can't Accept The Fact That Obama Won ??

in my delano voice obama won boy ya need to stop hatin cause obama won lol

Michelle Obama got that presidential uhmerca dick last night.

Obama! :-P a big belated congrats Mr President.. My mum Loves u! ;-) Greetings from the UKx

Mitt Romney and Medical Marijuana. That's all I wanted out of this election. #MaybeNextTerm

That is why the system stays messed up Vote in BO in elect Rep. Should have voted for Romney/Ryan if they wanted Rep represented

if I could vote it would be for Obama but I'm not American so I can't vote

Another thing that makes me smile today is the realization that Mitt Romney is now essentially  unemployed.  Tasty thought.

So just get over the fact that Obama is the president and enjoy life and the changes he tryin to make. #joinasone#supportem

I thought the Obama supporters would be the ones with something to say. Obviously I was wrong.

Lol view host who is a republican  look disgusted as the other hosts praise obama for winning.

Political scientists have said Obama loses about 5% of votes because he's black.

LTE: Obama Wins, America Loses  she just disproved her point by using free speech to spew hate and lies

Obama Faces Test of Ties with Koreas New President: With US President Barack Obama winning reelection no major c

News flash: This morning both President Obama  Governor Romney woke up filthy rich and powerful. And we didn't. #it

#MSNBC World congratulates Obama - but challenges loom. LONDON -- World leaders from London to Mexic

yeahh that's right!! I don't like Romney.. He seems too.. Evil ;D

my TL is filled with people complaining about obama  wanting weed legalize. #Retards

Ok obama won now can we get on with our lives!!

OBAMA:Would anyone like to share some of these pizzas? You know I can't eat them OBAMA self!!

I kinda wanted Romney to win just so they could see how fucked up everything would be

Funny part you can easily tell Romney and his wife had cried their eyes out

All hell gone break loose if they ATTEMPT to assassinate Obama.

Such a great analysis  celebration by Simon Schama -  renouncement of Mitt  the Republicans: Why Obama won |

To the girl crying right now because romney lost, chill out. #attentionwhore

Much more to do with Euro problems. Not Obama.

Lastnight was too fckn funny! S.o to obama cause we got free drinks for voting lol

When do you think Obama will reveal that he was born in Kenya, Before or after inauguration? I say after!

Raise effective tax rates 3%= socialism, more Obama =1000years of darkness, Hyperbole from the right=fear  misinformation?

Obama won both the popular and the electoral vote #winning

he loves loves obama, though.^_^

People can be so mean. I am sick of hearing those stupid blacks  Mexicans that voted for Obama I am Mexican with a college degree #educated

#G8M Vladimir Putin Happy: Flexible Obama Still in Charge  via

I am glad Obama won but y'all were killing me with all those caption pictures ..

Will Obama's second term free him to take bold action on climate change?:      The election results indicat  #io9

his anti-outsourcing rhetoric is just hot air. Obama nor Congress will do anything to harm PH BPOs.

Downward: Stocks Crash After Obama Win

I think Britain is more happy about Obama winning than the US itself

I want a woman like Michelle Obama. Not base on looks, but what she brings to the table.

When you spend that day having conversations with people about how awesome Obama is!

Yo Obama I'm really happy for you and I'mma let you finish, but damn it all these Republicans be invading my country now. #election2012

Those who support Obama, now that you voted for him, I don't want to hear about how you can't find jobs and taxes are to high #yourfault

Obama won get over it, complaining wont change anything #proudamerican

Did Obama's Slogan Cut Mitt Romney's Chances?

Obama likes Follow me by Maje, Elephante likes Obama, donc Elephante likes Follow me by Maje  #MAJE #FOLLOWME #YESWEDID

will #obama end the searing injustice and free #pollard after 9848 days and counting in jail?  #Israel #Jewish

Great word!// Whether you voted for Mitt Romney or Barack Obama here's a great post by - ht

there's more white ppl on food stamps, unemployment is going dwn, and Obama gave me more money to go to

It funny listening to all the Obama haters who  have no real fact to this like him. Most of the things you are mad about is Republican fault

Butterfly Effect? In America, Obama gets reelected, In Sweden 1550 people lose their jobs.

What's Obama's favorite vegetable? Barackoli. Hahahahah. I'm funny.

Will there be an Obama-tablet to go with the Obama-phone, now that he has a second term

only reason obama won is because once you go black you never go back

Here's the stats. 93% of African Americans and 73% of Latinos voted for Obama. 68% of whites for Romney. Come on America. That's terrible

la2 obama won I can't do tht to his son!

Am disappointed I didn't see an election analogy last night comparing Obama's moves to throwing a water bottle. #election2012

Obama definitely got his hole last night off big Michelle

Our neighbor told her dog to stop barking when everyone started chanting Obama last night 'don't bark for their celebration' lol salty b****

right on..can't we the people impeach Obama for lying to the american people about sooo many things.

Romney will be glad he lost before this is over -  FSA Capture crates of SA-7 outside Idlib

So I'm in line and this white girl with a Romney sticker on looked at me and her face turn red LOL

I went to bed before Obama's speech last night. Now reading about it is pretty funny.

and forced obama to spend more to end that shit

Barack Obama and Mitt Romney supporters crowd out the American Bar in London and stay up through the night as US

Pleased that Obama won regardless but even better news that he's going to sort out immigration for tech workers

Obama-Biden win Catholics by a slim margin. Will Catholic Dems hold party accountable for consistent life ethic?

But I prayed for Obama to return so i can get my education'

Obama Campaign and 2012 Voter Fraud -  (via

I'm thrilled for President Obama; but recognise that many americans wanted Romney; the best way forward is cooperation across the divide

Lula in Brazil = Obama in the US. Win election by squandering tax payers' money

Jus wanted to tell everyone who wanted Romney to win suck my dickkkkk 2x

Mitt Romneys last twitter update was 17hrs ago. Someones mad. Lol

That was the main ovjective Thanks obama for side tracking the shit out of my plans lol

Congrats to President Obama on another 4 years and to hoping Obama-care will eventually cover massage therapy!

(Reuters) Obama triumph raises hope of fresh start with Africa

Obama is so thoroughly indoctrinated with left-wing ideology! Agree/Disagree? Check thi  #4moreyears

Comparing Obama's 2012 victory speech with his 2008 speech (graphic):

I found a breakdown of votes by county. In Alabama, Macon County has the largest percentage of voters who voted for Obama! 82.7% !!!

No Obama sticker on my car.trying to dodge my shit getting vandalized from theses mofos out here!

To all those moving out of the country, send me your address. I just ordered some Obama Christmas cards. :)

A week before the election 200 junior workers lost their jobs on the railroad. Ask them how Obama feels about the middle class.

Voting fraud for Obama cop blocking Romney!!! And tellin people who had not voted at all that they already voted and turned them down!!

_they mad cause Obama won. Get tf over it. Obviously there's alot who think differently from u.

People trying to bring color into the election  grow up . Regardless Obama won .

It was a bad night. For creepy old white men. Not only for Williard Mitt Romney, but the old white creeps competing against smart women.

The election is over, Obama is president for another 4 years whether you like it or not GET THE FUCK OVER IT.

good ! That is wat Obama did and eventually won but he can do many buh he is not going to win??lol

Wohooo gongrats obama!!! I'm so happy

Hope Obama will forward to lead a peaceful world .

Remember that time Obama was re-elected the President of the United States? Yeah, that was pretty #awesome

Guess Obama ain't got to learn his job this term so he can just get straight to work at least

Obama's president. My firs class was cancelled. I'm just chillen waiting for my day to start. #GoodDay. So far.

IM SO PROUD TO BE AMERICAN..I LOVE MY PRESDENT..CONGRATS  PRESIDENT OBAMA..WE DID IT.

well Jesus nd Obama called me last night nd said tell that nigga John to watch his back!!

If my grandpa was alive  pretty sure he woulda voted for Romney lol even my grandma said it lol

Thank goodness all this political mumbo jumbo is over. In case anyone is interested I am neither against Obama OR

Many Ignorant Americans Were Fooled Into Voting For Obama Twice.I Pray That Their Children Will Someday  Move Out Of Their Basements.

Being here and watching Obama win a second term has, undoubtedly, been the highlight of my stay in the US.

I want Obama to do well, I pray he does, now thinking he will do well is a different story, I have my doubts

Romney wanted change.  Will HE change?

there will be more of the groups that voted for obama in 2016. So I agree gop really needs to rethink strategy.

Obama, gay marriage, weed  new focus on climate changeWelcome to Liberal America! Republican Party has to adapt.

I'm tired of people coming up to me talking bout how Obama sucks. Obviously he doesn't suck cause HE'S in office.

How do you feel about the election; mitt romney !! WON! i mean obama won. -_-

Obama  and Senate Ds; House Rs

Hey young people 44 that voted 4 Obama, now that gays can marry and single women get free birth control,how are you

I still want to know what the logical reason to vote for Romney was

Obama aint even ate pancakes and took a piss this morning yet and niggaz already askin bout gas prices

this proves that you are in the minority, and your minority has been silenced! Stop the hate, join Ameeicans ans support Obama!

I spent my day yesterday saving porn on my flash drive just in case Romney got elected.

Not that my math teacher just said we made a bad choice picking Obama that we can vote a better person in four more years

Lol at free shots at the bar for President Obama last night.

If romney ass woulda won she woulda neva announced no shit like dat !!

true let me be an asshole and post a parody video of Obama

My mama said she going to tweet michele obama and tell her to run for election cause they cool like that lmfaooo

These Hoes These Days Be Acting Like Thy OBAMA.

I think Donald trump was more upset about Romney losing than Romney. #election #Romney #Obama2012

Cause at the end of the day, OBAMA is still in office and burning a sign ain't gone change shit! #imdone

Fuck mitt romney its all about BARAK OBAMA

I think it says something that Romney's own state didn't vote for him

Obama: Tonight in this election, you, the American people reminded us that the road has been hard, we have picked ourselves up. #com110elon

Woke up and remembered President Obama is still president. #PraiseTheLord

A prayer for #Obama; God,thank You for His triumph,guide Him into fulfilling His mission  Vision,as well as working closely with all. Amen!

Strange reaction from markets to Obama victory. FTSE up 20 pts this AM on election news. Down 80 pts this PM on news he's still in power?

I'm actually kinda happy for the Obama family.  Moving really sucks.

Obama Interesting Stats: In a Twitter first, Barack Obama has celebrated his victory, announced earlier

Told yall some producer's gon make a track about that obama speech,, Here in Rsa

Lls prolly got something todo with Obama winning

i really wish mitt romney won last night!! #nobama

Fuckk no . Obama is not taking my guns . Sorrry . He will have to get past the bullet firstt . #CountryProbs .

Union members are informed voters, we know who's on our side #1u  50% of voters voted Obama but 65% of union m

Obama up on Romney in Harris County (Houston area) by 2that's 2 votes, not points. Houston going purple makes sense, though.

who won california hollywood romney ha ha he can only dream that eastwoods lil chair skit failed california hollywood dems won

somebody outside screaming OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA .. aha i love it ..

voted Obama.She didnt want a jokesomeone that couldn't answer the questions he was given to run our country

Maybe Romney should've gotten in office. Then he would've sent more jobs overseas and you bitches could really get out of the country.

Totes happy Obama won, now the legendary Ginsburg can retire in peace knowing SC's complexion won't change!

Mr cares now.What'S so different in Obama's way?! You are a specimen Sir. So much money, you don't know what to do with it.

Thank you brother Corn for courageously and diligently reporting the now infamous surreptitious 47% remarks of Governor Romney.

Since i was sleeping last nite, im watching it rite now BBC News - President Obama victory speech in full

When president obama reach over 270 I jumped out of my seat!  What did you do?

I wonder how VSU would of looked if Romney would have won. Niggas would of rioted.

Even the Latinos looked out for Obama.

And so it begins Obama May Levy Carbon Tax 2 Cut the U.S. Deficit  #tcot #election2012

Guys I have a funny joke! Obama should practice what he preaches and share his electoral votes tehehe. Funniest thing I'v

Obama retains American presidency in a bitterly contested election. No changes in economic or foreign policies need be expected

Obama won I get to keep my job

pretty sure Obama beat him in that too!! #Sorry

Aren't those some classy Obama supporters????! Wow

As an Englishman, I like #Obama. But this American actually knows what he's talking about.  #usapolitics #demandmore

EVO Republicans Grapple for Answers After Loss - Disappointed supporters of Mitt Romney waited for his concession sp

Okay, for those who are saying Romney's concession speech is good, know this, you are encouraging procrastination. #Elec

Half of Romney's support grew up thinking his religion a cult. #gop #tcot

Michelle Obama picked Kors for Election Night: As Michelle Obama stepped on stage with her husband in Chicago early

Naked Obama on His Victory Unicorn- Dan Lacey, Obviously.

Barack #Obama's election 2012 win: the world reacts  #news #p2

Let me congratulate President Barack Obama for winning his second term in office as the President of U S A, on

Obama will get little time to celebrate: It hardly seems fair.

MEDIA: Bloomberg Businessweek Imagines What Obama Will Physically Look Like by 2016

I am a Canadian and I HATE OBAMA this is gonna screw up our allies. Obama screwed up America like George W

#Nigeria Obama Sets Records For Most Liked Picture On Facebook, Most Retweeted Tweet: Minutes   via

Obama wins again the elections, i hope it will be some progress in the next 4 years.

I think Obama put it best, If a corporation has money to buy its own private jet, it can support itself just fine

#romney You Republicans must be eating your hearts out. But you will always lose if you back the wrong horse. Let that be a lesson to you.

If Republicans can peel off 10-15% of Obama's Latino coalition and stop talking about uteruses (sp), they'll be back in the mix in no time.

In 2016 instead of letting another Romney type bastard be elected, Michelle Obama should become president

Y'all hoes betta thank God Obama is still our president. Cause if Romney won birth control would be no more.

I think everyone should research Socialism and Communismsounds like the Obama plan#nervous.for.our.future

like guys Romney didn't even win the state he's from  the state he governedif that doesn't say anything than i dont know what does

Loving Mr. Venezias Obama shirt for losing his bet. #iseeyou

Watch President Obama's Entire Victory Speech | Unicorn Booty

Yet these kids talking about why they wanted Romney are backing their shit up and giving examples on what Obamas done wrong

Maine and Maryland Vote to Legalize Gay Marriage - Tuesday night was a big night for Obama and an historic night for

There were Black people that voted for Romney just as well as there were Whites who voted for Obama!

Chris Matthews on Obama win: 'I'm so glad we had that storm' - IAMINPOLITICS NEWS  via

'Be as a Romney when you are in Rome'.Not in America.#okaysorry #fb

Obama Won! Wont take long to destroy country now! Dow Jones Drops over 200 pts. Update: Down 300 Still fallin #chicago #nyc #freefall

I bet the markets would be up 2.5% if Romney won. #drippingsarcasm

that hoe a Romney fan. Sucks to be her. : ) #TeamObama

Biggest takeaway from last night's party: the #GOP did not stay to support state candidates when Romney lost. Troubling future?

This was on bay meadows road at a shell service station President Obama hanging. Thats fucked up!

I live in a Romney loving state

there R too many frickin things linked w president Obama which have huge red flags  he is just sittin there waving at us

So happy Obama is president for a second term #EqualRightsForAll

Romney wanted to make it virtually impossible to make it from rags to riches. How if your mom fucked up  you shouldn'

Last night was too much! I'm still rocking this Noles for Obama shirt lmao.

RT    If it wasn't for Obama  Bin laden would still be making home made videos with the AK-47 . #remember x

Yay Obama! Seriously though, was it really even a fight.

Dollar Declines, Euro Rises: Dollar-Declines-Euro-Rises.jpg The news of the President Obama's victory was follow

Obama Win Promises Heightened Push For Product Safety  RT This will further destroy business #hewitt #radioblogger

Your sick comments about #Obama and his family , just shows what kind of person you are and you have no home training &a

Cold as hell bundled up in this office drinking my coffee and watching Obama's Victory Speech #4MoreYears

I'm so happy Obama is president and I am not even from America :L

Next person to say Obama is black ima smack he is mixed

Obama. Rolled. Up a fat ass L .after he won

All i have been seeing/hearing about today is  Obama this Obama that..

Tired of these ignorant stupid people talking about Obama. He's the reason our nation is crap. So shut the hell up.

Why Yo Job QUIET ? Is The Ppl U Work With Obama Supporters?

See all the good things that happen when Obama gets elected?

most whites didn't vote for romney because of him being white. They voted for him because of what hebelieves

Obama deserved the win. And the votes proved it.

Obama is president. Get over it. Neither would have made this country any less shittier. #forrealthough

Well, considering Romney had a binder to choose from

Obama tells us the best is yet to come, thank God for that, if things got worse we'd be in real crap!!

If people say obama is not a smart man, how is that he persuaded the majority of the most important men in the US to side with him??

Lol jessica left cards lastnight cause romney didn't win. What is life

yes.  most of the dems that voted for Obama don't know what PE is.. They just know this guy screwed the poor..

Romney didn't even win Massachusetts . And he's their governor. 'Nuf said

My manager was crying this Morning .lol kill yoself. I can't wait to c the black lady that was wearing the mitt Romney tag everyday

GOP compromise with President Obama is not surrender: James Varney |

Tho I'm a Finn I think I'm gonna watch and listen to Obama's speech once I get home. I find good rhetoric skills fascinating!

With the final hurdle cleared for President Obama's Affordable Care Act, business owners across the country must

If Romney hadnt theived all of Ron Paul's Votes we could of had a President we could of been proud of instead of a Pos

When I grow up I want to be like Obama :-) He is blessed!!

GOP obstructionism was purely political. Result? Obama re-elected, Dems +2 Senate seats, +7 House seats. Chances they learn to compromise?

K even if Romney did win nothing would get done because he has a democratic senate that wouldn't pass any of his suggestions

Obama First President Since FDR Re-Elected With 7.9% Jobless  via underemployment 14.6% #woolpulledovereyes

It's weird how I live in a very republican state but I'm afraid of being made fun of when I go to work for supporting Romney.

When Obama.won everybody on campus was running round screaming I get to stay in schoolI get finical aid.I get food stamps they crazy

25 most sarcastic tweets from the night of U.S. #election2012:  #obama #romney

Im done talking about it. All of you idiots can keep talking about how good romney is cause it wont change the winner #thankgod

Glad Barack Obama won the electionRomney donated money to an anti-gay charity and bullied gays!!! :O

a qualified black man would've been Herman Cain someone with intelligence and economic brains not Obama the dummy

Peter Orszag says that now, for Obama, comes the hard part: a Debt-Limit Deal.  via

Anyone know where I can get screen protector or my Obama phone?!

Hey Romney- I dont see how you can hate from outside the whitehouse- you can't even get in! Leggo!

This is what I don't like about parties Romney was never even a republican lol. Changed his views to have the parties support.

Goodbye, Mitt Romney.  Thank you for awakening the American people.  Thank you for your shortcomings.  Thank you

It says something about the Republican Party that even the most die hard Tories I know are thrilled with Obama's re-election.

They (the media outlets) wanted you to believe that Obama was losing to Romney so that you would keep tuning in. Ratings is their #1 concern

The sad thing about #Blacks4Romney is that they believe they are educated.. I hope Obama improves on the education in this country..

I'm from Argentina and I'm actually really happy that Obama won again :)

As I said before, If Obama won I would move my hedge fund to the island of Cyprus which I will now do and operate from there..

Forex News: UPDATE 1-Harsher energy regulations coming in Obama's second term: * Tighter rules expected for oil,

Despite Obama win, health IT efforts still face heavy scrutiny -

In 2000,DRAGON, Florida needed recount, 2012,DRAGON, Florida needs to recount. Can B Romney after all.

What Obama's victory means for technology companies - a big tick from 4D Data Centres

UmI didn't vote for Obama but isn't Europe to blame for some of that crash? #letsbefair

Romney plans to spend the next couple months sitting on a sandy isle. what do you know Obama does too! he's spending your tax $ to do it!

New Video: Britain, France back Obama after re-election

We'd like to congratulate President Obama on another term in office! Check out the link for some water news from

I lied, one more political tweet:  Marijuana is now more popular than Mitt Romney.

- I was playing with an SNL sketch about this. First Romney, then Gary, then the Greens, down to Roseanne.

The Muslim Brotherhood that controls Obama made sure that Nation of Islam voted.

Obama Wins  -Awesome political cartoon that tells the tale! #election2012

Nd for all the ppl who was down talking bc I voted Obama just know your comments are locked in my memory so please keep it moving

Had a dream that and I hosted a crazy celebration for obama's reelection. I feel like this should be reality

Obama is so inspiring, I wanna just listen to him all day long

Reading all the mean  obscene tweets from Romney supporters is almost as bad as people yelling #YankeesSuck after they won the #WorldSeries

Nylander needs to STFU about why Romney should have won  quit arguing with students

noo bushes idea that carried over put us in tht debt obama is slowly taking us out of it

The tea on The View today : Barack Obama, Legalizing marijuana, Gay marriage, and porno actors must wear condoms in flicks

Went to bed early, so apologies if it was covered on tv..how much does Romney regret not expanding map much earlier? If for no

Congrats to Barack Obama, 4 more years how the president of the USA

How the fuck did we go from Obama to Whitney Huston

Kwaaaa  Obama wins the US elections and here at home we got new bank notes with Madiba on em. Not a

Get the hell outta here with the Obama shit! #AmericaHasBeenScrewed #damn  #fuckobama #appreciateit

Mitt Romney supporters can go ahead and be mad because I would be upset if Obama would've lost but don't bring ignorance onto Twitter.

Believe it or not the southern US was where Obama saw most of his vote gains compared to '08. Great maps by the NYT:

I'm not putting Obama over God BUT I can tell u with certainty that HE chose Obama for a reason.. Just like he chose MLK  others.

OBAMAObamaOBAMA..Obama..OBAMA.Obama..OBAMA..Obama..

hello! So, we're very excited here in the uk about the fesult. But Obama seems like a saint to us. What are his failings?

Too many people getting free shit for Romney to win. #simpleasthat

Obama re election was the main event, but there were several other compelling developments last night

If you miss President Obama victory speech you can catch on RWOC by clicking on the link

Also, it's worth pointing out that Obama actually writes a lot of the words he reads off the teleprompter, so it's sort of like he's talking

Wow, Obama's speech is so strong and sincere. He deserved to win!!

haha LOL pero Obama wins :P it wasn't a close fight.

Gunna drive around shooting guns in Homewood tonight because Obama.

Another 120 rounds of golf for Obama. No change with the Repub's and Dem's fighting at the expense of everyone. Get to work plz!

I would have sex with Obama

Obama: Romeny I'm Appalled to how you thought you could run against me.. You said F the 47 Family Gym

Congratulations to #Obama #Biden #Election2012 No please retroactively re-approve WOTC and all other #TaxCredits!

From Deadspin: 76ers Forward And Romney Supporter Lavoy Allen Didn't Let Last Night's Election Results Stop Him

Listening to Obama's victory speech in the library damn, even I want to start shouting USA! USA! USA!

How the hell my granny sending me this funny Romney and Obama pics?? She sent me the one w Maury..lol

I should probably take my Romney sticker off my car :(

lol my phone got no love til obama won! Lok but. Ok thats coo i get off at 5:30

The black people will get what they deserve in the next four years.obama only wanted your vote with hand outs he will have to take them back

I dont vote,so i dont complain. im in the Marines. If im getting paid, im happy. Dont fuck me obama. I kill for a living.

Us english people are stupid instead of worrying about the dick head who's in charge of our country you idiots just keep talking about obama

This bitch really just said shes gonna move to afganastan because Obama got elected, FUCKING IDIOT

Im not mad Obama won he's a smart guy but now the democrats  still don't carry  the house we are stuck in the same position #stalemate

ROTFLMAO! #obama2012 Key  Peele: Obama's Anger Translator - Victory:  via

HAHAHA are you happy bcuz Obama won? ;)) I really am :*

Clearly. Had to give my older sisters the facts yesterday and I won! Obama!

Now that you voted,believer, you are required to pray FOR all who are in authority--whether Pres. Obama or had it been R

and you know this how ? Obama has done nothing, and is no fan of the UK !

Did everyone get the email about damage to Romney posters on campus? Why would they assume we care.

Obama beats Romney, says destructive warming must be addressed -  in ClimateWire:

Michelle Obama's dress out of stock  #FirstLady

i'm so relieved and glad that Obama won and not Romney.

It's amazing how fast the Romney signs start to disappear. Haha thank god.

#Obama four more years racists bitches and haters . Get over yourselves and yes he is black still black and will be tomorrow

I wonder how Romney coping.

So last night i said obama's mentors scare mealso it scares me that countries like russia, iran, china, and north korea wanted him to win

Shimon #Peres: President #Obama will serve a future of peace and prosperity. #Israel #USA #Zionism #Election2012

Lowkey Some White People Prollie Voted For Obama But Don't Nobody To Find Out

Obama will avoid reengaging on Israel/Palestine issue but it will come back and bite him some time during second term.

Just in case you missed Pres. Obama's election night speech like I did (because NyQuil knocked me out), here it is. :)

I didn't vote for Romney because I had a dream I used the bathroom behind him and he didn't flush, wipe, or wash his

I think I've reblogged obama like 10 times now lol

Mariah Carey Celebrates Obama's Re-Election By Debuting New Song!  Listen To Bring It On Home  #celebrity #gossip

Obama created jobs and the economy is trending up. Romney's plan that would not benefit anyone who wasn't already rich

I understand a vote for conservatism more than I understand a vote for Romney.

The unemployment rate is just going to increase since Obama will pay you for sitting on your ass..

After last night it's only right!!!!!! Obama #2termz

around the corner on thorton rd.. he took me to ihop last night cause obama won! :) thats all I wanted from him tho

I'm hearing this fool talk about Mitt Romney nigga stfu

so Obama is still in office ..  we all are going to go broke.. Welllllll, HELLO CANADA ! see ya soon!

I think we are better off picking up someone off the street and making them presidents rather then obama or romney.

What Obama's Victory Means for Tech: Barack Obama's victory last

Y the fuck is the stock market dropping like that cuz Obama won dat shit cray don't sleep on 2014 we need the house back getitback

So I'm not trying to be funny or nuffink but does it bum anyone else out that only 19% of Americans elected Obama?

I'm glad obama won the elections again!  #ObamaNation #Obama #Obama2012

Obama the president still so obviously the majority beieves in him still. Romney didnt even win state he was governor in. #wtf

Dear Lord not even close. Lets stop acting like Obama is more than a crappy president.

You people are way too pessimistic. Enjoy your doomsday theories because apparently the world is going to hell cause Romney didn't win

I uploaded a video  Beyonce Joins Instagram, Pushes for Obama Celebrity News

Obama didn't win a single county in West Virginia last night. Huge shift in a once solidly Dem state.

I think i'm starting to get sick. I blame Obama. #ObamaProbs

At least I can swim better than Obama

Agreed  Barack and Michelle Obama show us that no matter what crap happens at home,

Some people barley finding out Obama president.

You predicted Obama would win quite awhile ago. Do you have a thought about whether Congress will finally work together?

I may not be American, but Barack Obama winning the election made me happy hahah.

President Obama wins the Re-Election 2012:  via

it wasn't bama. It was the free willed Americans that live in those states. Obama will try and shut them all down though

best part about Obama winning more key and peel Obama/Luther sketches

Me singing a song for Obama :-) a llittle funny 2

Congratulations on the re-election #Obama! Loving the #BBM statuses about the re-election! #Gobama #YesweCanPart2 and #Bara

Congratulations to Barack Obama for winning his re-election!

DOW down big which makes sense because Obama was so hard on Wall St #sarcasm

Hope Kenyans can learn from the just concluded elections. The aspirants too, the margin so small on the popular vote Romney conceded defeat

Tough coming into the office today listening to colleagues gloat that Obama will save the world from right wingers

Republicans seek scapegoats: Let the bloodletting begin. The defeat of Mitt Romney, the Republican challenger in

Although I knew Obama would win, I was hoping to be wrong,  for a Romney victory

Awesome animation showing how Romney shifted the U.S. to the right

next week you'll be injection heroine into your eyeballs! Thanks a lot obama!

obama became wealthy through being a senator and president, before he was a senator he lived in his car so ya

Harper congratulates Obama; Transport minister: path clear for bridge; Teachers will delay job action; #onpoli

National Interest - Obama's victory Tweet becomes biggest Tweet ever: The most popular Twitter message before Tu

And fuck, he's better than Romney on a bad day.

So sleepy thanks a lot Obama for giving ur speech at 11pm

57 Presidential elections where pop vote counted. Only 30 candidates have secured over 50% of the vote. Barack Obama twi

DOWN RAUL CASTRO Y BARACK OBAMA

It's important, I think, to just remember how important an Obama victory is with regard to the future composition of the Supreme Court.

Got a little more respect for Romney after he conceded last night. Very tasteful, very respectfula lot unlike him. Lol

Majority wants govt to control their lives education, healthcare, etc and drugs are fine. Obama won BIG on that message. Fact

hahaha I can see you're on tha obama style.

follow me! if Barack Obama can.. then whats stopping you? YES YOU CAN! ROFL

Big thanks to everyone who voted for Obama, I really love it when my rights are taken away and my country is on the

Obama has 3, Romney has 24 .. Obama gon take it pokemon style and use bide.

Some people who endorsed Obama feel they are they reason he was elected and not the people.

Obama won and now niggas is swimmin?

Dems deny God at the DNC. BHO denies help to our military, gas is so high, UE is so high,etc but the left loves Obama! WHAT DOES THAT SAY

One more time, Congrats to President Obama for re-election

Bitches is realllllll mad Obama won. Get over it! hahaahahahhaaha

Constitution Party should have done WAY better, considering evangelical uneasiness with Romney. Didn't happen. They may be kaput.

Now that this ELETION is over and President Obama has WON; it's going to be a GREAT THANKSGIVING this year for ALL AMERICANS;#INGODWETRUST

The Dems just had so much ammo against Romney he never had a chance. They went way too extreme this election.

Hopefully the house can hold back the Obama Socialists. If not, get ready for the Liberal implosion over the next 4 years.

They don't, but Obama's attorney general already sent out threatening letters awhile ago. We do as we please.

How Ben Bernanke Helped Obama Win: Aggressive monetary policy has helped many voters feel a bit better off, whet

Hey, Obama, there's a Ben Ghazi waiting for you. Put your jumpsuit on.

With his reelection, do you believe President Obama will push for Federal recognition of gay marriage?  via

- everyone who voted for Obama or Romney is ignorant with no special categories.just subconsciously igno

can't believe you voted for Obama, you were the only republican in film school!

Romney wasn't any better. Both of them suck and quite frankly I'd be a better president.

Endorsement of Billy Graham for Mitt Romney :: Believers Journal

Obama is the most radically pro-abortion president we've ever had. I don't understand how anyone can justify abortion.

Ion care if any of the celebrities I respect endorse Romney its fine with me. As long as Romney isn't president ion care who they like.

If Rom won it's not like the Mormon church was going 2 rescue us either after he pulled a Bush/Obama kept the big gov party going

Harlem Celebrates Obama Victory: African Americans bolstered Obama at the polls and screamed, danced and wept as he

This White Girl Salty About Obama Winnin .

This girl just said she voted for Obama cause she needs food stamps.

Republicans are contesting Ohio  Floridahold your horses Commie presstitutes. Obama had empty events but won. YEAH RIGHT.

i used to blog about politics but then obama raised me from perdition

At Obama's last election, I was still working at Netflix, the movies still came from a datacenter, and my dad was alive. Lots of changes.

Could u imagine if Mitt Romney ended up as President, I'd get tired of seeing Pregnant Bitches.

Obama,  Danny out, our pets heads are falling off

some white nigga said he's upset bc Obama won ,

What Re Election of President Obama Means For the People of 2012

Not all people voted Obama cause of color? Have ya thought that maybe Mitt was just the wrong choice. #HeLost HisOwnState!

F**k you obama.Markets down 316pts.I have water pouring into my office from this second storm in new jersey.This really feels like the end!

barack obama won for the second termcongrats obama:-)

Man I'm out in Texas where the bitches be racistbut let me tell you something bitches Obama is still head shit

Obama won Harris County (Houston) by 2 votes. wow.

Of course Obama won. He had Morgan Freeman narrate one of his ads. That's practically cheating.

calling it, Obama's going to get assassinated in the next 2 years. Biden will take over and were all fucked for sure then.

Wait so Obama was reelected? As in he serves another 4 years as president of the United States? I couldn't tell

#WAR against people in the GOP that think they lost this election because Romney wasn't conservative enough

So many people died fighting for this country.. It will all be for nothing now. Obama will run us into the ground with

Congrats to Herbert Hoover, whose 1932 record home state loss by 18% is shattered by #Romney's 24% loss in MA. #election2012

Will Obama have had to pack his bags just incase, like Big Brother housemates do?

as always the First Lady looks stunning! Obama was right America is fallin in luv w his leading lady

#OBAMA finna take over again! He's #blackinoffice #2termz !!!

Because I've been sleeping all day, I haven't got to say. Congratulations Obama! I am veryvery happy! xx

That is a man. President Obama understands. st:  via

I will have something soon this people keep making me mad about Obama

Seems like everyone's stopped complaining about Romney having the 'popular vote' this morning Ohh, because he didn'

I done seen the same obama tweets over and over damn people its gettin old yal ain't even being creative

Because you can't spell Romney without Money

I WILLED OBAMA TO WIN. I WILLED IT. #obama

Obama added more debt to the US debt than every single president before him COMBINED.

I have two questions:1. When do the Obama 2012 Champions T-Shirts come out?2. When do the Romney 2012 Champions T-Shirts get to Africa?

holy mother of romney, i didnt expect that kind of memory #mukamerahpadampersisbungamawar

Obama got weed legalized lawdddd.

I didn't !! Obama all day

When people realize they don't have a job and they voted for Obama don't blame him blame yourself for voting for him

How can you even say Obama's not black you FOOL

Isn't it a right given to everyone to vote how they want? Why then are companies threatening to fire those who voted for Obama?

The truth is out there somewhere~the truth will set u free~always tell the truth~lessons #Romney/#Ryan can chew on maybe~

If I was Obama right now I would be laid back, getting my joint sucked, hitting a J and laughing at all the Romney pi

you're right. I just feel like Obama has done nothing but put us in more debt.

Instead of focusing on Obama, we should be focusing on why WE lost.

All the black people are wearing Obama shirts

I expected as much. I heard all of your kind had pledged to move to Canada if Obama won last night.

Regardless of your political affiliation, the Obama campaign's use of #bigdata and #analytics is amazing.

I understand we have Obama for the next 4 years but y'all don't have to ramble and complain about it every second of the day. #JustShutUp

bahaha. so reports saying that ppl were scared blacks would have rioted Ole Miss if Romney had of won. WELP,he didn't soookill that!.

It's a beautiful day for all America!!  Congratulations, President Obama!!!

Mfs Thought Food Stamps , PORN ,  College Was Gnee Be Taking Away  We'd Be In The Cotten Fields Right Now if Obama Didnt Win . Smh . Lh.

Mrs. Ellzey mad cause Obama won the election, so now she taking it out on us !

Obama for the next 4 years, cool Are u niggas gonna actually TRY to get a job now?

Watching a news thing about Obama winning the presidency and I'm welling up.. I love him

i'm so happy Obama won. He's freaking awesome.

overheard at #senecacollege: super creepy looking dude bitching about romney losing. yeah, i know why you wanted hi

obamas sexier than mitt romney so that's part of why he won? The ignorance of some people in my classes is shocking

Virginia still out of the DMV anyways , yall koons wanted Romney to win. #DM ! Fuck the V

RT: Romney received 2,669,077 less votes than McCain. 0bama got 9,516,969 less votes than in 2008. Repubs didn't

Lol so who's still bitching about Obama

Obama's statement: we're doing more 2 combat #humantrafficking which threatens public health

Barack Obama 2012 victory speech -- high point

These elections jokes are getting old They are not funny. There are unprofessional. And they make Obama look dumb. #waituntil4moreyears

Biz News: What Obama And FDR Have In Common  Via

what I was trying to say was that I hope you didn't vote for him cause he was black. I didn't vote for Romney cause he's white. I

lol me n janice in class laughing at this mad teacher cause Obama won

My fellow American if u still have a mitt Romney sign in your yard we ask if you word please remove all trash and

In other news, congrats to obama winning elections #cantwaittomeetyou #futurepm

I just love watching Fox News after the election, to hear them talk the end of the world is near because Obama won

today is a sad day not because Obama won but but how misinformed Americans are and how the media takes advantage of it

Oh yeah..Congratulations Barack Obama.Not as close as everyone thought!!

Things that come to mind with Obama re-election: Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement and cutting #Socia

Obama is not the anti Christ, everyone likes the anti Christ. No one likes Obama.

I think its dumb how black people think whites are racist for not liking obama #getreal

So I guess Obama is the devil? Good thing I don't give into conformity.

Canada's push for dirty tar sands oil is out of step with an Obama administration second term: Danielle Droitsch

- My President STILL BLACK BITCH ' #SCREAMiNG OBAMA All DAY BiTCH !

I understand Obama winning. What has me totally baffled is how/why this became a wave election for the Democrats. Any thoughts?

Just icase you missed it. Obama's lease renewed despite tough economic times - Yahoo! News  via

Obama wins!  Maine  Maryland get it right!  Akin gets a legitimate loss (must have been God's will).

how great is chris christie today? Running out to by default indorse obama days before an election?

Half of America is really bummed that Obama was re-elected and I'm over here like - how is Gangnam Style the number

hope on S/R 2nite, u point out that fat ass Christie caused Romney's loss by frothing mouth over O few days b4 elec.

AHHAHAH FOLLOW US OBAMA YOU'RE A GANGSTAR AHAHAHHAH

Romney winning woulda had black people mad  maybe making a change themselves. now they'll be content with shit again formaybe 4 years..

I don't follow american politics but if you don't like obama than your most likely borderline racist haha

Not all people voted Obama cause of color? Have ya thought that maybe Mitt was just the wrong choice. #HeLost HisOw

i dont even live in america and i was happy when i heard obama won

Obama won the Elections, Jared should me happier than ever now!

Obama bust by Angelbert Metoyer, one of our favorite artists!

Complaining never gets you anywhere.. I mean I didn't get my way but you don't see me talking about how bad Obama is

Obama re-election: Afghan Taliban tell him to focus on domestic issues.

What a day!It's my birthday, Obama is re-elected, my uncle came over(a 300km trip)everything else is just fine! #Obama #family #birthday

I'd choose this man over Obama anyday..

- don't blame you. Obama wonlets move on. The world isn't going to end today. Lets move forward and get

The president has had no effect on the Dow falling you idiots. This is a free market country. Ppl looking for excuses cause Romney lost. Lol

Did romney hang himself yet ? lol i know dat  cracka madd

Is that really how you Romney supporters feel? Angry enough to say fuck all of you and call us n****rs?

Well I guess you know now. #Obama

no problem, Romney is King of the d-bags, luckily tjings turned out ok last night.

Obama Wins! Can We Come Together Now, America?

I figured a way out this morning. Romney is Republican because they both start with R. #learningcentral

Thanks to everyone that went on the Cools and got some #allamerican socks!! #America #socklife #Obama

President Obama Gets FOUR More Years  Instagram Goes Wild!! (PEEP THESE PHOTOS!!!)

Why the NYT announced Obama's win 49 minutes after Obama did (Laura Hazard Owen/paidContent)  #12DC

I just heard Obama speech on the radio and, I am so fired up right now for no reason

President Obama's acceptance speech. Great:

Wanna let know only reason Obama won was because I wore my lucky jersey. Jk love the political agenda Spike #4moreyrs

Congratulations OBAMA 4 years encor for you here that you think is your little family o Kenya GOD bless YOU

Just for the record, as Obama supporters we got up in our house today to go to workI'm not living off anyone's money so shut up

Big Storm heading for damaged Nu  NJ - I wonder if #Obama will come to hug Christie -

Regardless of your politics, let's all agree it was *sweet* that Michelle Obama  her daughters all wore #cardigans last nite. ;)

Keep the faith. No re-election for Obama. Full court press now. Only way it happens is if the #GOP pushes it.

These people r pissin me off talkin bout this election. Obama won get the Fuck over it

surely the true African American deserved it cons obama

Surprised the #GOP didn't get more of the Horrible Taste in Movies vote with Atlas Shrugged II. #election2012 #obama

DJIA and NASDAQ tank less than 24 hours after Obama re-election. Discuss #labour #dannyblanchflower

yes,  and I volunteer for Obama's re-election. And it pay off.so excited!

Ben  Jerry's + GOOD: Obama and Romney are Big Money Ballers

My word, #Obama's public speaking is inspirational! #GoBama

Gold Hits New Highs On Obama Victory: Steve Watson | Investors warn that slide toward economic depression will c

All of you uneducated assholes got what you wanted. Get over it Now that Romney lost you can stop talking bout it.. Haha dumbass ppl

Obama is in for his second term! Congrats!In other news it's only 8 more days until #FuckEmWeBall drops

My favorite Obama pin yet.

woot! Listening to Obama 2012 Official Playlist by Mark Taber on

yep and Romney finally came on for his concession speech.  the tweet only made since at them time when I posted :)

Can I be honest w/you- as a friend. What you just wrote is insane. Obama hasn't nationalized the economy. FACTS matter

from canada's standpoint, the only thing that changed due to this election is that obama's  nightstick is even further down harpers throat.

White boy n my class mad Obama won LOL

The only people in My twitter that are celebrating obama winning are black. #theonlypeople

Interesting: the difference in Florida between Romney and Obama= Gary Johnson's votes.

Obama wins election, sun comes out for first time in weeks Coincidence? #UWOsolutions

i sure hope for all our sakes that Obama called Bloomberg this morning to offer him the Secretary of Commerce position.

Romney didn't have a concession speech. Businesspeople always have a backup plan. Unless they're not too sharp. Or arrogant. Oh #p2

I know I made a lot of Romney fans mad af last night !

Fascinating. Inside the Secret World of the Data Crunchers Who Helped Obama Win  via

Everybody showing there true colors after they found out mitt romney lost going to be a interesting day!

93% of blacks voted for Obama ln.. I mean its not about race, but its clearly about race..

Why do people think obama supporters are all lazy unemployed people? Are all republican supporters dumb rednecks? no but most of them are ;)

Uncomfortable watching Mary Bono Mack video. Wish she could have been as gracious in defeat as Romney.

I have to say as excited as I am for #fourmoreyears, I am going to miss the weekly emails from the Obama family.

haha people feeling some type of way about my OBAMA shirt. (:#damnnn

Im still upset about my Obama shirt -.-

Wait, Obama won this kini sha

I hope President Obama puts a lot more effort into these next #4MoreYears. Please don't let me down! I was happy in 2008!

Well i dont know if i wanna work anymore.. I mean if obama be givin money to ppl who to lazy to work i think im gon join them

I'm making a pledge to work my butt off to the point where my wealth can be distributed. #election2012 #Obama

The Bollywood way of expressing that Romney lost would be: Romney ko ladki nahi mili.

Waking up this morning knowing that Obama is still president is a great feeling.

60% of people thought economy most important issue voted for Romney 51-47obviously something is different

more headaches for the obama administration, more headaches for us as well.

Many awkward moments like these for Bibi to come during Obama's second term

These people in my class mad because Obama won #getoverit

lol I'm just fucking around how everyone is going blame Obama for everything

I know some white people wit cake they didn't vote for romney cuz he racist and you black n broke n voted for romney ? Dat don't make sense

lol im kidding but OBAMA WON3

Secret data crunchers who helped Obama win. Insight/Analytics behind Jay, Reddit, raising $1B, predicting turnout, etc

this shit funny Obama's Anger Translator - Victory:  via

I wish that the Americans that voted for Obama knew what they were doing..

And that is very sad! How could they when Obama's God is of murder and hate!

Got a question for the streets ? Who hotter than Obama? Lol

oh well I guess I can throw away the list of jokes Romney asked me to write him for his succession speech

Romney concession speech has his best speech ever ( joke appart). It was eloquent, positive and well done. I almost felt sorry for him.

Obviously crime pays. Doesn't it Obama.

News Flash: Obama wins the votes of the 1%.  99% confused!

Obama Wins.. Lot of excitement here.. ????? Am I missing something

Romney supporters still bitter.. in attack mode n shit.. SMH.. he never had a chance homie.. shoulda picked a stronger candidate. #getoverit

From - Romney Camp Regroups After Setback

My party? Last I checked, I wasn't registered with any party. Romney had a chance at my vote, but ultimately I couldn't do it

Another chance to buy gold! It's going up with an Obama victory because it increases the chances will serving another term.

[IN THE NEWS] US Presidential Election results 2012: Comeback kid Obama headed back to White House for 2nd term

yeah to see Romney's crappy losing speech was worth the 3 hours sleep !

America divided. Blacks Latinos Youth and Women vote Obama. Whites and older people vote Romney.

OBAMA WINS !!!! SOON you'll be able to yelp a PRESIDENT! BETA COMING SOON

Agree with RL- worst thing about last night- Romney staked it all on traditional routes to prosperity and it was rejected.  Tragic.

Seriously! Then I wondered if Romney WOULD win and I only thought Obama would because I only talk to 20somethings.

Obama is not equipped to Intelligently Bail the USA out of Debt,Create good jobs, small business and Handle f

Obama congrats his family and praised his wife and 2 daughters,called em they will grow up as 2 beautiful young women.

President Obama Wins 2012 Election: Victory Speech | Watch the video - Yahoo! News

#youcantbe saying u want a LOVE like OBAMA N Michelle wen you cant even Support UR man,or stand by Him thru GUD or BAD

Marijuana has been legalized today in Colorado for recreational uses, just like cigarettes!!!! Thanx to Barack Obama!

Obama is reelected. I think God's got thisokay? Okay. #bematureplease

Barack Obama and Mitt Romney Singing Hot and Cold by Katy Perry:  HAHAHA

Breakdown of vote by religion and no religion - Catholics broke for Obama, evangelicals for Romney  via

If Romney would of wonI don't think I would of been this mean to his supporters

There are jobs out there I have one and my parents do too! #OBAMA All you people blaming someone else bc you'RE jobless SAD

Regardless of how much people complain about Obama, he is still our president and he deserves to be respected #thisiswhyihatepolitics

10 year old with two male parents writes to Obama about being bullied because of her 2 dads, Obama writes back

Will President Obama ever let Sasha and Malia date? - WTVM

White Hoes That Voted For Obama Are All Of A Sudden So Attractive To Me

so if Obama wins or loses his ppl will eventually riot. Never felt more justified to call a whole class o

Michelle Obama wore a full-length, off-the-shoulder dress, while her bridesmaids coordinated in black off-the-shoulder dresses.

Binyamin Netanyahu faces risk of 'payback' after Barack Obama victory: Judging by the swiftly delivered official

he was paranoid that military helicopters were spying on Him and he was hardcore republican calling for Obama impeachment

#cantstopwontstop #teamobama #obama4moreyears Im puttin Romney down allll day.. Dont like?! UNFOLLOW

If you don't live in America please don't comment on our fucking presidency or how much you love Obama. You don't know shit.

Some of my facebook friends are making Obama's consistency in his speeches a bad thing. Y'all really were on that Romney train huh?

CNS top stories: Pope sends Obama telegram with prayers that freedom, justice flourish:   #CNSstory

Stop bein coons talkin bout fuck romney u look ignorant thats why white people look down on us now cuz u coon ass niggas dont kno how to act

Vicces a steaem, most latom csak, hogy mara a Democracy 2 volt a daily deal. #obama

Disappointed in #California  more so #Monsanto for tricking people once again. I'm so happy #Obama won, but we also lost a lot. #Prop37 /3

The right wing did a good job of tearing down Romney during the primary. Don't blame him for being a damaged candidate, th

Regardless of your stance, Obama's campaign has the best music. Is that earth wind and fire i hear?

A mutt for Mitt in Perkasie - Mitt Romney seemed to have the canine vote in Perkasie, or at least the support

You missed my tweets/blog. I said Obama had tons of votes left out in Wake County, despite everyone reporting he was losing it.

The fact that people are still sitting around complaining about Obama winning  #STFU He won. End of story.

OK who is the Romney shawty on my TL cause she actn real ignorant right now .

(During #Election2012) - NSA whistleblower exposes #Obama's secrets:

Reactions around the world after Obama's reelection: As soon as Obama was reelected, plenty of rea  RB121/ SVP RT

Real intelligent discourse coming from supporters of Obama  economy will fall flat on its face along with

Obama needs to dye is hair.. LOL

Got home to find out obama won and I'm randomly happy even doe I'm not american -_-

The first time I ever voted was yesterday.Knowing I was part of history was unreal.I can tell now my kids, I contributed on Obama's 2nd term

you know considering you are unemployed and they are outsourcing your job you should be happy Obama won

Special Story on Barack Obama - Barack Obama, an inspiration for many Americans

I dnt give a dam what white ppl or black ppl are saying .that's not goin to change shit obama is here for 4more yearsdeal with it!

McNasty  shed fuck Mitt Romney

Just imagine, if Obama lost and I said no one cares I'd be an ignorant conservative or racist, I complain about Romney's loss and I'm an ass

Support Obama like the Bible tells us to. #romans13 #divisonhelpsnoone

Last nite, i bet romney was cryin in da carlol!!!!!

Unwinding of the Romney trade can explain some of the yield drop but aren't bonds simply telling us that a nasty recession is upon us?

Obama for another 4 years.shit I'm scarred

My Professor NEVER Cancels Class Under Any Circumstances. Now All Of A Sudden She Cancels Today. She Must Have Voted For Romney, Lol.

John Terry celebrating with Barack and Michelle Obama:

#Epic? #EpicSaturday ! With Who? With #USSSSS ! #Twilight? All Black Scorpio Explosion ! Obama? Yeahh Come Celebrate That Win #FullBlastEnt

I Bet Y'all Didn't Kno Obama From The SouthSide of #CHICAGO

Ready to get back to work, After a successful outcome of our voters for president Obama

RT Congratulations to President Barack Obama for his 2nd term!!! Today's Trending is #MyPresidentHit us up!!!

Obama honestly deserved to be president of our country. That's the bottom line. #election2012

Obama won? Then what? Obviously nothing to do with my life.

OBAMA NUOVO RIELETTO PRESIDENTE  DEGLI STAI UNITI D'AMERICA

I find it odd that #Romney supporters were so suprised that they lostI said #Obama was going to be reelected since the beginning

Voting Machine Turns Obama Vote into Romney - A voter discovers the mechanical malfunction and caught it on video

Turnout machine, modern coalition lifts Obama to 2nd term: THE SEQUEL is never as entertaining or   #philadelphia

Obama so Loves the Poor, HE is Going to Create Millions More!! #tcot

Tech Updates Mitt Romney Loses Election, Wins at Singing Concession [VIDEO]

News Analysis: Obama Wins a Clear Victory, but Balance of Power Is Unchanged in Washington

TJ pretty sums-up my feelings here:  So Obama Won  from

Obama wins bigDems gain in Congress..Gay marriage passes.. along with legalization of pot. Conservative country my ass!

no it was the GOP who backed Mitt Romney..

Obama  left will blame republican house of reps. for ALL evils and problems in America. 'Compromise' will be only w

Just realized Obama 4 more years = Big Bird LIVES!!! Hooray!! #BigBird#Obama

Obama winning shouldn't come as too much of a surprise..but EQUAL MARRIAGE RIGHTS in like 8 states is something to t

What an amazing day for America. We have four more years of Obama, marijuana has been legalized in two states and gay marriage in 4. #proud

DO I HAVE ANY ROMNEY SUPPORTERS IN MY TIME LINE ? IM NOT GOIN TO DELETE YA, I JUST WANNA KNOW YA OPINION ? SO ALL

What's this about supporting Romney?  I thought you were supposed to be a socialist.

Maybe NOW #Romney will tell us what his 'tax cut' plan was?  snark

LMAO, too good Romney's First Draft of Last Minute Concession Speech  via

I love 2 b a fly on the wall of Mitt Romney house rite now # TEAMOBAMA

because obamacare took all my DAMn money and made it illegal not to have insurance oh its good thing Obama signed a stupid and

Hahaha, we're gonna give Obama a mulligan presidency, a do-over #Rush Perfect analogy for this disaster

Proud today to consider myself apart of the United States of America, more so then I ever was to be a citizen of the United Kingdom. #Obama

Appears Obama morons out to get revenge on conservativesASKING ALL FOLLOWERS TO BLOCK THIS A-HOLE NOW

Mitt Romney's Concession Speech  The end of a journey

I'm glad Obama was elected as president again, I think Romney wasn't ready yet.

Lol the fuck if I know. Just another Obama hater

Conservative radio hosts are such idiots,they say Rep's will NOT work with OBAMA to solve any problems facing this country SORE LOSERS

Tom Tancredo deserves some of the love MT In updated national exit poll, Obama won Hispanics 71-27 over Romne

Other than Mitt Romney being unfit, if GOP want to change course, for starters get rid of Rush Limbaugh and Grover Norquist  #NoBrainer

Romney was all about getting the rich richer he wasn't about to help no one but himself

well using statistics I accumulated by the year 2014 Obama will make a dramatic change in the economy.

4 for obama you go obama and none for romney boo you whore

Obama said that if we get 100 Subscribers by December he will Legalize Pot everywhere!

Glad to see Barack Obama back in house for 4 years again! Not American, but Mitt Romney is a twat.

#FUNNY #LOL #LMAO Biden jokes: My whole town didn't make as much as Romney - CBS : CBS News video: Bid  #JOKES

Victory! Four More Years for President #Obama !

Have a look at your #TT for today. Did you notice that Obama is not trending anymore? Do you think #Mittens would be if he won? #TheWhitmans

Obama is concerned about the controversy between

Madonna turns gig into election party as stars hail Barack Obama | Campaign 2012

I'm tearing up when obama spoke to his wife  daughters :')

CNN Advice for Obama: Why not appoint an all-GOP cabinet? - Democratic Underground

I'm sure Ann Romney is secretly relieved she didn't have to move into a smaller house.

The guy who was there the last four years has made progress. Made Obama's job easier. Keep up the hate radio talking points.

They talking about Obama nd Rommney

The Republicans created Obama's 2nd term by publicly stating their agenda of getting rid of him as more important than the our well-being.

unfollowing. Never seen so much ignorance and bigotry. This country needs Obama, it doesn't need people like you.

Why do they call Barak Obama big bird #idontgetit

How come you never offered 5 million dollars to Mitt Romney to show his tax returns?

Finna Close My Eyes Now Goodnightt #Obama (:

With an Obama Victory, Wall Street Pivots to Plan B: With President Obama having won a second term, lobbyists ar

I love the Romney supporters saying they'll leave the country, to go to countries that have all the things they want to run away from.

Congratulations Obama on your second term!. #TeamObama

Impossible unless Rove-Romney release their death-grip on the GOP.

Obama maintains an almost 3 million vote lead over Romney for the popular vote. #TeamObma

SHOPPING FOR OBAMA GEAR  PLZ SUPPORT THX #BC

It's OV for getting a job.. Thanks OBAMA they ain't fuckin with us black folk

Puerto Rico Narrowly Votes2Become 51st State (And What Has Obama Said About It?)  via

Even try to support Obama to help better the country, instead they do whatever they can to make him fuck up the cou

Biggest national trend that worked in Romney's favor was public distaste for more expansive government

Obama in, markets drop like a (small) stone.

HIPHOPWIRED President Obama Victory Photo Becomes Most Popular Retweet Of All Time: A photo of P  #teamfollowback

Good always prevail over evil, why you think Romney lost humm?

I know some people actually feel smug cos dey are black and hate Obama..they get to feel rebellious cos dey are opposing the 'status quo'.

The election is over.  Obama is president ; Fck Romney. Get over it :-) thanks

GUESS iLL WAtCH AMERiCAN DAD UNTiL tHE BEAt lUNCH MiX COMES ON..i kNO tHEY GON PlAY SUMN PERtAiNiNG tO OBAMA WAtCH.!

New Obama tax. How much did you make? Send it in. We'll send back what we think you need.

Wow Thank you Ayers An Open Letter to President Obama from Bill Ayers

The awkward moment when the Africans asked you if you voted for Obama. *crickets*

Obama is what you get when MTV, Family Guy and the jersey Shore are acceptable entertainment.

Yea Obama may hav won but the Parkers still on tv smh

Bad Luck Obama just can't catch a break.  #meme #popularmeme

Michelle Obama recycles Michael Kors dress election nite Austerity Chic Is here. Well, for 4 more years..

God Bless you President Barack Obama. Prayers were lifted up and He heard us!

Yea I voted for Obama. So fucking what lol, yo ass should've did the same smh..

I'm so sick of hearing about President This President that. Romney this Romney that. Your focus should be on he who is really IN CONTROL.

All these people in these Obama shirts is nice but can yall go to his website  buy one instead of these cheap ass faded shirts smh

In a season saturated by poll tracking, did faith in Project ORCA delay Mitt Romney's concession speech?

Photos: World watches Obama's victory -   [superb #photography]

The fuck weren't u voting for mitt Romney?  So inspiring, dreams do come true CONGRATULATIONS MR. PRES

Obama takes the reign yet again! Despite all off America's problems, Obama represents culture and ethnicity which this world needs!

Lol people are sooo ignorant..its done and over with..Obama won for a reason you stupid fuckers.

Am I the only one who doesn't care about Obama winning the elections? :/

My Romney yard sign will stay long enough for all my neighbors to remember who I voted for as America descends into

I would like to know are the republicans more like labour or conservative , and which one is barak Obama , glen stuck on a406

Listening to President Obama's victory speech right now! Arguably the best orator in the history of American politics.

I'm not really into politics or anything but man I'm so happy that it was Obama who won and not Romney!

I'm so sick of hearing about the election. Obama won. There's nothing you can do to change that. #StopTalkingAboutIt

Yeah from what I can see - looks like the whole world wanted obama

Obama kpilih jd kacang?  Congrats BigBird, Elmo n friends. Hopefully no funding will be cut with Obama r

#LT Whoever doesn't like it, who gives a fuck? I don't and neither does President Obama because he is still #winning!!!

Obama speech was interesting, time to deliver a very apt song Winning the election is one thing but its about getting things done. #obama

So glad that Obama won that DICK  Romney is a racist

I'm digging up all kinds of fun facts about the election - like twins named #Barack Obama and #Mitt Romney!

Obama Win Effect: Cash-Rich Companies Will Lead Economic Boom  $AAPL $CSCO $GOOG $MSFT $BRK.B

If was actually how Mitt Romney behaved he would have won this election. Worth reading

I bet Mitt Romney still getting bitched at by his wife lol

Let's take Richard Carmona and put him in the Obama Administration. Please RT, AZ,

The old man won again. Wait, old man? Cover of Bloomberg Businessweek Marks Reelection of President Obama  via

your job now is to support the Pres. Your guy lost.  I did not vote Obama this time but I will support him.

Ahhhh, yes. And now the onslaught of OBAMA IS GOING TO TAKE OUR GUNZ!!!!!!!!!!!! again.

#Romney lost!?!?? I'm moving back to the USA!

Obama Middle-East - Iran Nukes  Muslim Brotherhood

President Obama Re-Elected President of the United States!!!! So Proud of be an American, God Bless America and Obama!!!

Fair analysis from on what Obama's victory means for action on global warming

Congratulations to Mitt Romney! Silver Medal! Wait, there is no silver medal? #toosoon?

why not obama won already! So spill the beans!

5 Things Obama's Budget Does for High Ed. [Please no political comments or bashing.  We are sharing

Calm down everyone It's over obama is president SADLY

I understand why Romney believes the earth is 6000 years old. I mean, why should he believe those pesky scientists, with t

Bush had 8 years to fuck up this world , Obama has 8 to make it better .

so Obama is no longer extending the cuts but he is not increasing the rate how?

the amount of weed Obama is gonna smoke after sexing Michelle tonight is something as a person who likes weed am enviou

im pretty happy bout i dnt trust romney idk how u can unless ur rich so yea

tired of talking bout that shit anyways so if y'all wanna kno READ THE FUGGIN bill.anywho Congrats to Obama.was hoping for roseanne tho lol

did u c the lady behind Obama while he was giving his speech with the big hair and the flag sticking out of it?? Country

so when i was in bdubs last night it felt like i was at a football game cause ppl were cheering for Obama as if he scored the last touchdown

A love obama, hes a lovely guy

Obama is in the office for another 4 years , get over it dawg !

these two girls had a fight today at school. that's the first fight in 2 years hahahahaha we called one Romney and th

Blown away by the rampant racism I see because of Barack Obama. Not even talking about white people.

Mr. Obama you have four more years I truly hope you use them wisely We need a strong unapologetically Leader

While everybody being racist towards the white ppl ya better know dey are a big percentage on why Obama won ..

Peeps please don't post hate comments about Obama or Romney. Its over and that's life.

5/6 of America's richest counties voted overwhelmingly for Obama

Celebratory fajitas with the team for Obama! (Hoping we add wine to this party a little later--knowing us, we will lol).

Mitt Romney ain't about that life. #Obama2012

And if you were, and none of those things inspired you, what the fuck was so great about Obama's re-election? Please, explain it to me.

We gonna need to find another black president to pick up where Obama left off in 4 years

It's funny to see the Romney supporters on my TL going through the stages of grief. Kudos on accepting it though, proud of you guys.

Romney! going to be a long four year. :) x

aye that it tis! I love waking up in the morning and President #Obama is STILL #POTUS

Obama won take the ICDC commercials off the air we got financial aid again we good

News is full of Obama, congrats, but what about everyone still suffering from effects of hurricane sandy, Hope the news don't forget them

Tbh I can care less about what a Mf has to say Obama still in office so fxck who ever dnt like it  oh yea fxck

Republicans maybe   College students that voted for Romney are. I don't even know.

Netanyahu congratulates Obama, offers U.S. ambassador to Israel a hamburger [VIDEO]: 'Now I'm going to offer you

I am so happy Obama won ! I have a brighter future.

Nd to top it all, Obama 's the worst 'friend' India could ve afforded at present.

MAAAAAAAAAAAAAAADO' PER LA GIOIA DI HORAN  OBAMA HA VINTO JA.

Prince William, Kate Middleton Congratulate President Obama on Re-Election in Personal Note: US President Barack

Ok then so how is Obama better than Romney? How would Romney have been worse?

So wit the election out of the way n over wit, how is everyone feelin about it??? I was for Obama all the way but I didn't care if he won

Congratulations Obama on your 2nd election. Now, America is watching and expecting results this 2nd term.

World leaders hail Obama victory, pledge cooperation | Y' news spot

Lmao RT So Romney fans, from a scale of french fries to ocean water How salty are you?

MrKuchta's HPE : Pope, Cardinal Dolan urge Obama to respect life an

George Bush Accidentally voted for Obama lmao #DUMBASS

Catholics vote again parallels national vote 50% of Catholics voted for the President, 47% voted for Romney.

apparently Obama won by a landslide over here in Britain

Well it's happening now ;)) I know that's all tight, I was shitting my pants I'm glad Obama won!!!!

I lowkey don't think Dr Mack happy Obama won lol!

Niggas on Twitter yesterday-I hope Obama win cuz he cares about the minority and middle class..today- where the hoes at

So apparently my moms boss dismissed her from work today angry at herself and life because OBAMA won again!!! #richbitchdontknowhowtoact

Haley Barour blaming Christie for helping Dems win by praising Obama is Garbage. He should get his head out of his Ahole. Haley go to Haley!

The world would have been laughing if Romney had won, Donald.

Not even gonna lie, I wouldn't have voted for Obama or Romney.

Those people who pull out in front of you as you're driving are the ones who voted for Obama.

yes the people voted for no government once the apocalypse starts by voting for Obama instead of Rick Grimes

All these opinions about the election are annoying  unnecessary . Obama is president  if you don't like it , take your ass to Mexico .

Rush Limbaugh reacts to Obama's win

Congratulations America on reelecting Obama. The world breathes a little easier this morning.

Romney's concession speech was nice, got some respect for that one, sir.

Only if Obama can/will follow through on those policies. Four years ago - he was going to shut down Gitmo. #BminusCouldDoBetter

Mitt Romney concedes defeat in US election; 'the nation chose another leader  - Vancouver Sun

Fiscal Cliff Fears Drag US Stocks Sharply Lower:  U.S. stocks plunged Thursday, just hours after President Obama

Four more years .. All we can do is believe in Obama and hope for the best!

Obama had not only inspired African Americans he had also inspired all Afro-descent people ' nation . #youcanprosper

If you're happy Obama won forthe legalization of weed, you're insane. Don't get me wrong i love smoking weed, but com

So which one of Romney's sons is going to follow Bristol Palin's footsteps and go onto Dancing With the Stars?

I wanted Obama out of TWO cause of Michel. After yesterday 's victory speech must say thank you michel for making Obama the man he is.

Obama Scotty. I think you should run hartsy. The world would be a better place #hartnellforpresident

Scott Rasmussen tells me why his polls didn't project the Obama win.

If Obama can be elected so can Arnold Schwarzenegger. #nobirthcertificate

RT Bow down and submit to your leader, Barack Hussein Obama! #Leykis #Obama

Hey Romney fans have ever considered that some people honestly need welfare. Sorry, not everyone has as much money

check out the stock market plummet as a result of Obama winning. brutal

Only want obama to stay because he's black , and the 1st black president of the u.s tbh and the other guy looks like a spare prick

EARLY LOOK: Much Ado About Nothing  via #obama #election2012 #markets #economy

Anonymous asked: what is ok are you even american? even if you where, what has obama done in all the time

in honor of Obama.. I say you should give me some of your followers so I don't have to work hard and get my own #democrats

How Obama actually won the election. - Imgur -

It's dumb that people think Romney would've actually done better than Obama. Maybe Obama hasn't been that great but

Oh. And for the record, in case anyone was wondering, I did NOT vote for Obama! I love america so much that I don't care who's running it!

Oddly enough, the stock market is reacting big time to Obama re-election. Every single thing is down! Fix this asshole! #fiscalcliff

white ppl mad bc Obama has a chance to prove dem rong

It wasn't Romney as much as it was stipid voters.

Weird question, but Obama referenced a Clinton quote during a debate, something about fist in your face. Anyone know where I can find it?

Obama gets re elected and Dow Jones falls 300 points

Now all the people who voted for Obama are going to complain for the next four years also #yourfault  ha

For all of you who want Obama to get assassinated, just think about how much more our economy would suck if Joe Biden became president.

It's 4 yrs 2 late 4 Obama 2 preach coming together  we're all 1 cntry. He's spent 4 yrs separating us into grps..

Dear Facebook Friends,Hooray!President Obama is re-elected. We all stood together and made it happen. I am

Thanx to president Barrack Obama kids started watching the election

We did it again! 4 more years. #Team Obama

Obama winning has absolutely no direct effect on my life, hence why I couldn't care less

Nan: Why did you want Barack Obama to win so much? Me: Because he's friends with Jay-Z and Beyonce.

I fully supported Romney, however people are confused why Rep turnout was not bigger. Simple. People thought Romney was a big gov Rep. #TCOT

Malia Obama is my new obsession! She's so adorable!

Crap. I just realized that Mrs. Obama might change lunches even more I just want my soup back.

From Obama winning to me feeling like shit to thinking about her, my morning sucks.

Totally. Obama saved the auto industry, recovered the DOW, got insurance for people w/ pre-existing conditions

Wow Catholic voters  n Jewish voters  much respect 4 helping2 stop crimeboss romney congress hav failed each state in ths union wit gridlock

The best part from the party? Obama in BKK?! Cc:

sending some hate to some white ass bitches, they need it as fuuuuck. bitch please, obama won so u can gtfoooo

Too much Obama shit on facebook right now

If Obama thinks he inherited a mess when he took office four years ago, wait till he gets a load of the mess he inherited this time around.

Obama photo is social-media sensation - CNN - Economic Times  Obama photo is social-media sensation

#worldnews Mitt Romney concedes defeat in US election; 'the nation chose another leader  - V

he's working for Obama mate! Can't call him!

Video: Busted: Donald Trump Caught Lying About China  Romney?  #WSHH via LOL FUCKING LIAR!!!

Honestly. Mrs. Knight is the best teacher. She gives you extra credit on a full page summary from Obama's speech. Or anything about Politics

Feels good to watch a tv show and dont be interrupt by a Romney/Obama commercial.

Yep --- President Obama's Unfinished Business  #infosec

yeah, Romney was going to make cuts by regulating the people who are cheating the system.

Thank God Obama won now we don't have to listen to Mitt Romney anymore! #FORWARD!

Hate to break it to you, but Obama has still not connected the dots or done the math. His silence continues.

Sorry to keep this whole thing going but I must rant. Romney supporters were telling us the whole time that were idiots

Yeah we get it, #Obama won..! Anything else happened in the world today?

Boosie found not guilty fuck that Can we elect Obama for three terms right now lol

It aint abt race, check the facts asswipe. Black-white-purple, Obama hasn't done #shit #RIPamerica

Obama don't even believe in Jesus Christ fools!!!

Obama-rally  proved only temporary on Wednesday as concerns about the Eurozone crisis offset any optimism regarding the re-electio

When you think that your country worthy of the president like he. For a minute, that you're worthy. #Obama'sVictorySpeech

Thought you were for Gov. Romney. I saw ur FB post yesterday.

Well, obama wasn't been that good at first . It takes time for those things to go into effect. Every president isn't perfect

Okay so if 93% of black people voted for Obama they obviously did it because he's black lmao

Nope.I voted for Gary Johnson.Not Obama:)The Electoral College and Goldman Sachs elected Obamy. #nicetrythough

Must have been super awkward for Romney, being in Boston and all. Surrounded by thousands of exes who won the breakup.

Obama won, please move on with your lives.

has all of the unedited Donald Trump Tweets following Obama's Presidential victory:

Teachers must inspires students. That's a great message from Romney.

Romney lost for president, Scott Brown lost Mass. Senate seat, and a Nor'Easter is coming! Can today be any worse!

Obama wont you PLEASE let me dobthe hump hump

How I feel driving around with my Obama sticker on my truck living in a red state -

So this morning, I hear Romney supporters being mad because we celebrated when Obama won last night? GIRRLLLA BYE.

thats was a minor reason y i didn't come a major 1 is that i was celebrating Obama's victory.hop ur day was gud depite the scarf

Obama, buoyed by election-night win, faces stark fiscal battles with Congress in  - Washington Post: The Hind

Just because we voted #Obama in doesn't mean we aren't going to hold him accountable. #Elections2012 #LatinoVote  #LetsM

shouldn't you thank President Obama?

And this is why people love Obama! :-) President Obama in 1980s, chilling.  via

obama's lip color tell me he smokes a lot of doja

The Obama 2012 magnet I hung on my locker only made it through two periods before being stolen. Not even a whole day.

#US President #Obama says he returns to the White House 'more determined  more inspired than ever' #CNN #FB

Look it up Bro. As of an hr ago Obama led the popular vote by 3Millon and is projected to win by more than that

I bet you that Obama's daughters are also directioners

On my way to work the Romney signs were knocked down lol poor signs.

Obama won both the popular vote and the electoral vote.Google it Republicans, and then shut the hell up and sit down.

Once again, social media played a big role in Barack Obama's election! Discover how with this pearltree

Romney spent 800m+ to not be president. I spent nothing for the same results. Who's the better business man now lol

um is romney going to bon the apprentice next season?

Why Obama Bush-Era Tax Cut Extension Proposal Is Bad Economics. #teaparty #tcot #tlot #ocra

Obama win has investors staring at fiscal cliff - Reuters: Obama win has investors staring at fiscal cliffReuter

SoObama won American idol and Romney is runner up? Obama gets the record deal, Romney comes out and does a Xmas album with Clay Aiken?

Take Away from Obama Win: Need Progressive Coalition, social media tech smarts  relentless ground game to Stop Harper!   #cdnpoli #LPC #NDP

The former PM, says Netanyahu might not have 'a friend in the White House' after he publicly backed Republican nominee Romney. #Israel

#tcot I hope you guys never get tired of underestimating Obama.

Hey guys. The election is over. You can stop trashing Obama now. He's our president and there's nothing you can do

The new Texas GOP senator says he's willing to work with Obama if he follows the Clinton model.

There's still far too many of us to let Obama get away with destroying our country.  Regroup, reevaluate, and move on

#GOP Neocon purge can finally begin!      #Obama #election2012 #whys

Oh naah. I hear bad news, and first reaction Me de33 Neeways, in other news Black Rasta's wife is dead. Obama is re-elected.

Americans demand more from Obama's second term: Law student Blake Rider summed up the feelings of many Demo  #CNN

But of course they don't care about Obama's lies about Benghazi. Yeah that's not important.

She is class-less and undigified just like the Obama's. Birds of a feather.

Ya'll ain't qon tell me to stop talkinq bout Obama winninq. I'll talk about this shit for the next 4 yrs. Don't like it?? UNFOLLOW ME.. TF??

With four more years of Obama, Iran is now sure that it will complete a genocide bomb to use against the Jews and the West. ~ M. Phillips

IT ALL FALLS IN PLACEI think the Dream Act [huge amnesty bill] got Obama Florida. The Auto Bailout got him

Breaking News: View from Mexico: A welcome win for Obama, loss for drug cartels

wouldve loved to see Phillys reaction if Romney won..feel like i wouldn't be sitting in class right now #angryblackppl #riots #masschaos

$100 says Obama doesn't win the next election.

Jackson, Grant, McKinley, FDR, Eisenhower, Reagan, Obama. What did _only these_ Presidents manage to do?

Some people need to calm down with calling everybody that didn't vote for Obama racist.. I didn't vote for him

Like, I just told this freshman why she was wrong to think Mr. Kee voted for Romney  she understood ! Be nice mf'ka

Never mind Obama, true triumph is being asked to turn your kitchen cooking music down by teenagers. Embarrassing dad :-)

ur such a stupid and tactless waste of ur parents time voting for Romney b/c hes hot and worth millionsgo back to stripping

Poetry in motion.  Inside the Secret World of the Data Crunchers Who Helped Obama Win  via

Dear michelle Obama, thank for wearing clothes more then once, In public just like the rest of us

Rejuvenated Obama, buoyed by win, faces stark fiscal battles with Congress in 2nd term.

Obama isn't an illegitimate president; he illegitimately maneuvers around the Constitution to govern the country.

I don't get it, why do so many people hate Obama? I'm looking for a logical reason supported by facts.

39+ students hve been sent to iss fr saying obama

I wish these Romney Riders would stfu wit the RACIST bullshxt though! YES OBAMA WON! But NOT because he's BLACK! Hel

Keep Ur nose to the grinding stone and work hard the Obama people r depending on u

I just fact checked it and it still has to be passed by congress, but OBama approved

Poly sci professor says only way economy can get better is if republicans make some concessions to Obama and if he does the same #hopefully

Michelle Obama, you lucky woman

Taking a little time to enjoy ;) love these ladies yes go Obama

look at this! Will Obama Be More Marijuana Friendly After His Re-Election?  this is crazy!

im just saying percentages. If 90% of whites voted for romney, shit would hit the fan

Gridlock in Congress will be the death of us, even if Romney had won, Dems and Repubs have to work together

WATCH: Republican strategist takes issue with early (but correct) call of Ohio for Obama.  #election2012

This girl is really crying cause Romney lost though.. woooow.

I can hear obama on the Tv downstairs #woopwoop i still need to watch the rest of his speech.

Yes, it was the right tweet. We need job Creators of all kinds to hire, to invest, to step forward Perfect Romney message.

Obama won BECAUSE of the economy, not in SPITE of it.

Our Teacher Is In A Bad Mood , She Probably Voted For Romney.

I much prefer Obama over Romney, but that's not to say I like Obama, that's my way of saying I really f**king hate Romney

Inside the Secret World of the Data Crunchers Who Helped Obama Win- I should've taken advanced #stats  via

My girls and I heard Obama won, an then we ate a whole pizza Had we heard Romney won, we still would have

Time to take down them damn Romney poster

I agree there, Romney was weak in that aspecthe's more moderate than conservative

Grateful Obama won. Pretty much preserved Roe v Wade. Thank ya, half the country.

Excellent read - Why #Romney Really Lost:  #tcot #GOP

At the county build thank u #OBAMA! Lol

Obama was re-elected. It was a disappointment, sure, but all we can do now is hope that he got to see that 1/2 of the country is against him

I keep telling them, but they keep emailing. Today, they forwarded on some ugly religious diatribe against Obama. What a mistake-a to make-a

There's so much love for Obama in the air

Neva thought id see the day black people  getting salty ova Obama being elected

#msnbc2012  What? Andrea, you STILL cannot call him President OBAMA? Sad, I see you haven't changed.

U gave us live cast via cnn,to make t worse its nt a breaking news anymore..pls summarize obama news

Also im moving to hawaii because I dont want obama to be my president #fuckthepolice

Breakfast if #Romney won? 53% of the plate, fresh poached salmon with lemon sauce and a sprig of thyme, 47% of the plate, grits. #election

Donald Trump needs to take his head out of his racist behind and smell the   positive winds of change brought on by President Obama

I'm done with him but not because of his Obama stuff.

Obama busting a Star Beltran but instead he got two bitches on him! LOL you go booboo

People keep sayin yll lucky obama won and etc sme shit i have now i woud still hve if he didnt . There is a god

ok bool shouts out 2 #OBAMA 4 doin his shyt lastnite finna b winnin for 4 mo years str8 lik dat..!!!!!

Sorry that I can't argue over twitter, I can't sum up Romney's policies in 140 characters like I can Obama's.

I voted for Obama and I'm getting tired of hearing about it already.. He won.. I'm happy.. Now let it be..

Someone tweeted about palestine being affected more becas obamas president. How though? He isn't pro Israeli romney is. Watch the news.

Obama's Updated Slogan Gets Criticism From the Right: Do You Think 'Forward!' Promotes Communism?  via

#OneUnhappyCamper :: Donald Trump Freaks Out on Twitter After Obama Wins Election (Photos of Tweets):

Romney looks like the type of millionaire who'd buy out all the good rides at Disney, then shut them down and force

#Celebrity #Music Ricky Martin and Michelle Obama campaign together in Orlando - Fox News  #Latin To

I love rolling around texas with my obama sticker on my car dont hate hoes!!!!

How me and were feeling in class lol!! #Obama

every album is going to leak expect for lana and rih THANKS OBAMA UGH

Oh what a beautiful day it is! Proud of my President! #barakobama #obama #obamawins

Gas already went up. Of course it did. #obama

well Obama got less votes than Mcain did too

im so glad that obama won, but he has a long oad ahead of him.

Pope Benedict XVI congratulates President Obama on his re-election. Leaderly thing to do.

Rush Limbaugh On Obama's Win: 'I Went To Bed Last Night Thinking We'd Lost The Country' (AUDIO)

Too bad, so sad, haters  University Of Mississippi Students Riot Over Obama Victory  via

Israeli PM Netanyahu's meddling in U.S. elections (campaigning for Mitt Romney) should earn him some well-deserved bl

The black radio stations r pumped!!! Its the Obama win!

Republicans have some rethinking to do, e.g., scorched earthed tactic not to help economy for fear it would help Obama.

The U.S. stock market is so sensitive to everything. You can tell which economic sectors wanted Obama to win and which ones liked Romney.

Obama may boost W.H. stance on cyber - POLITICO

Bush fucked up the econemy for 8 years and now Obama can clean up for 8 years

World Stock Markets Fall After #Obama Victory:

Not only that, but look at how younger folks broke for Obama. The GOP is in danger of their base literally dying off.

Finally back from school :D the amount of times I mentioned Niall and Obama today was scary aha

the thing we can do right is to follow the example set by those like Rand and Amash. Not those of Romney and Graham.

Last night Obama said we would be the leader in technology and development. Well then, let's start funding NASA again!

Keep Benghazi relevant. Obama must be held accountable. The MSM should be boycotted or protested.

weasel's Obama say:In Ball Toss, I counted up to 4. Looks like I have good sense. Tee hee!. DL: #Kawaii_pet

#Obama wins and all of a sudden this lady doesn't do #WesternUnion anymore. #PATHETIC

I'll tolerate the salty Romney supporters and let them have the next few days because we have the next four years! #obama #AMURIKA

you predicted Romney would win! Just admit you were wrong like the great American you are!

#ROMNEY Wasn't Really In The Field All That Shit He Talk About Man It's Not Forreal !

Hey why did you delete your tweet that said Romney won the popular vote??? Ohhhhhh it's because he didn't. #moron

My grandmother said the election is altered for Obama to win.

Congratulations on re-election, President Barack Obama, from I.M.I.J. Produckshunz.

In other news, Mitt Romney says he feels sad, depressed and let down. That's like being a King's Eleven Punjab fan!

Romney doesn't support unemployed lazy asses. He believes in hard work. Our country is supposed to be Christ

Cheers to jungle themed foam parties on a Tuesday night and the fact that Obama was reelected as pr

Seriously glad Obama won! The guy knows what he's doing!!

This republican killed his wife and kids when he learned that Obama won. #Dang

Rush Limbaugh just blamed the liberal left for Mitt Romney's loss last night. Funny shit is his listeners BELIEVE him. LMAO!!!!

Those rich white people should've paid folks five bucks apiece to vote Romney, haha.

I hope they carry on that enthusiasm into UK/ROI politics, because if they care that much about Obama and Romney, they should

Meanwhile, you have to give it to President Obama  all past president of the US. They've had better public persona

Viva Obama, though!!!  #VictorySpeech #ICYMI 'The Best Is Yet To Come'   #ObamaBiden2012!

lol are you serious? Probably that's what we need to name the B.S, OBAMA :D

'median household income is down 24% since Obama has been in office' #tcot #tlot #jcot #p2

Imo state governor congratulates obama on his re-election.urges him to continue ties wiv president jonathani am laffing hard!

Honestly, the Republicans should be mad that they didn't have Obama as their candidate.

good, still in my Obama bubble :))

The stock market reaction to 4 years of Obama outweighs it. Don't be bitter.

DTN Bangladesh: Four more years for Obama: WASHINGTON, Nov 7: Glowing with triumph, President Barack Obama reviv

super stoked about the elections! It was so stressful yesterday but thank god we won! #obama!

I'm not pissed that Obama won because hes black. i'm pissed because you ignorant fuckers voted for him because he i

To everyone that was SOO sure Romney was gonna winHA! #Obama

Lmaoo at people who are saying that romney should have won. Know your shit before you talk.

hopping that mitt Romney would win

#msnbc2012 It's hard enough to come out of the closet. They don't need the government shoving them in a corner. God bless Obama!

President Obama Wins Reelection - Find Results by State  via

I probably had it coming with my over the top Obama victory celebration.

Barack Obama '91 wins 2nd term as President of the United States - coverage here:  #

It's always one on the job that can't stand the fact a black person is educated. She just mad Romney ain't win! Lol!!

Should Obama, Romney camps give some extra $$ to help #Sandy victims? Would show we take care of our own. Agree?

Well I can honestly say I am relieved that Obama is our president ! Didn't wanna see Romney take the seat ! Congrats brobama !

Obama photo a social-media sensation -  | via

Can't wait for the sugar sweet speeches: #Obama to visit #Burma this month and meet #ASSK: - geo.tv  #Rohingya #Myanmar

So Much 4 Reaching Across Aisle: Obama's #Totalitarian Gvt. Y Nothing Has Been Done for 4yrs.  | #Blacknews #latinonews

You have to go away now.                              #tcot #2Termz #Obama #Obama2012 #ObamaBiden2012

For those who never wanted to see 2016: Obama's America - now you get to see it anyway. #DeliciousIronies

So people going around knocking mail boxes down if you have an Obama sign in your yard smh

If you wanted Romney to win you should've voted for him. OH WAIT you're only 16? #shutup #theelectionisover

You can thank #Obama for these dog food we get for lunch. #IAMS

Mitt Romney spotted after the election wearing new suspenders:

While I didn't support Obama for president, some people's reasons for not liking him are just ignorant.

Just look what reelecting Obama has done.

Stock market must have faith in Obama. As it plummets today

Lunch, sandwich chips  dip, thanx obama

So Buerkle has yet to concede? Even Romney conceded in a timely manner  with grace. She just wants to f*ck with Maffei. #SyracuseNY

I will be hitting the blunt for Obama 4 times today blood

If Obama walks out of the White House and sees his shadow does that mean we're gonna have a cold winter or a warm one?

didn't Obama have both houses for two years? He still had the senate for the next two. No budgets.

This broad just said Obama should be impeached cuz he's from mexico. =_=

my psych class got cancelled thank you obama

smh Stacey Dash is a joke. As a single black mother who claims to support women's rights, your vote was for Romney? Reality check please

An Open Letter to President #Obama from Michael Moore  #Obama2012 #8ReasonsWhyImOnTwitter

I strongly dislike Obama, and I'm not gonna act like I'm happy he's president. But I have my own reasons why, and none of it is about race.

iDont think so the PopularVote was relatively close. Obama just happened to win the States that mattered most

Ppl need to stop acting so up tight about Obama no one gives a fuk of he's black white purple do something for me

confused by Morris/Barone's super high Romney predictions. What did they see that made their #'s so high?'#realhopeandchange

obama won so my dad it going to kill him self

Marriage must be defined, recognized, and protected as a lifelong commitment between a man and a woman. #OBAMA

These people are crazy!! They are just mad because Obama got re-elected!

and u know this MAAAANNNN LOL. Selling kids and food stamps since obama won. Should have a sale going on out here LOL

Now that we have a re-elected Obama should I move to            A. Costa Rica B. Panama C. On the ground at the bottom o

The reason Obama won reelection. is that his coalition is a cross section of all socio-racial-economic groups.

My biggest reason for being a supporter of Obama is I feel he is a much better Commander in Chief than Mitt.  Many feel that way.

MITT ROMNEY LOST  IT'S STILL GONE BE VIOLENCE IN OUR CITY!!

All of my teachers today are salty as shittt, I think it's cuz Romney

this guy I go to school with up here at IPFW. He's an Obama fan obviously. Haha no harm intended in his comment though

I'm aware. My family's been there a long time. So you rioted bcuz Obama won? I'm disappointed. Ole Miss has an ugly history.

So pleased Obama won.  If Romney had won he'd be followed by Romulans

difference in opinion = blinders , didn't kno that fuck it let Romney cut education I'll just let all ya teach me smh !

Stock market is plunging. Investors and Wall Street must have no confidence in Obama. #nobama

you don't want to get down and dirty with Obama's people lolol

CNN: Exit Polls show 60% of voters age 18-29 voting for Obama. GOP missed opportunity to appeal to youth on environmen

My instagram got me ctfu with these ignorant Obama pics

did u drink some obama JUICE Last NITE!!!!

Romney could have won if he got Veronica Corningstone to run obamas TelePrompTer

All I can say is that last night was absolutley mind blowing!!YES!!!!AMERICA WON!!!WE DID IT!! OBAMA!!!Such a relief =)

I'm not wasting my time with someone who is as ignorant to say Obama won over romney cause of his race. Lol.

Just because Obama is reelected doesn't mean we must act like fools. BETTER YOURSELF CAUSE HE ONLY HAS 4 MORE YEARS. TIGHTEN UP

one of my teachers got so mad today just because i said team Obama.

Obama's victory photo most retweeted, shared ever | Morocco World News

This just in, Obama wins Canada!!! Oh; wait #election2012

Even tho I'm happy obama one,tbh the money he wasted making pointless wars with iraq could wipe out world poverty for 9 years:/

I just bought a Romney button hehe

Obama is still president and its freezing outside. The only good thing today is that comes on tonight!

lol yea i was hoping my nigga romney was gon get it smh

We have only one example of Romney in kenya he conceded in 2002 take that

Big Bird would have been better than Obama. You voted for Obama by NOT voting for Romney

Their disdirected affections have gone unrequited anyway:  Obama just does not care about Europe anymore  He never did.

For now on I refer to haters as mitt romney's lol

R Congratulations to President Barack Obama for his 2nd term!!! Today's Trending is #MyPresidentHit us up!!!

haha I was only joking anyway, it's kanye west lyrics! Bet he's a nice guy. Still team Obama though, he has a better voice

If you voted for #Romney - your vote did not count :)

#celebrity #gossip Barack Obama Expected to Get Real Old, Real Quick  via

i am so thrilled obama wonim also thrilled that i bought 4 bags of candy corn today for 35 cents each #AMERICA

Romney's not God sorry to church your dreams but just no.

are you listening to Wilkow? Talk to your bro,  he is talking about how Romney lost because he was to gentlemanlybasically.

The 4 year hangover 2! Coming to a city near you. #Obama

Mitt Romney standing alone, onstage, giving his concession speech is the sadest music in the world. #Isabellarosselini

that's good did you voted yesterday? For Obama Good luck.

My president is black, My vitz aint blueblah blah. Enough of Obama! Please!

It is not without sadness that I announce that I am leaving the NYTimes to take a job in the Obama admin: Secretary

Congratulation to #Obama  4 years more.. Hope for inmigrants.. And a country with dreams and wishes for humans

Racism and Romney being as popular as a gallstone made some folk there grasp at straws.

With his acceptance speech Obama showed he is a statesman, not just a politician.And a pretty good orator, as well!

Obama Was Elected President 4 Years Ago . Woow 4 Years Blew By Fast . And So Will The Next . The Time Is Now!! ,None 2 WASTE!!!!!! #GNATION

Congrats to President Obama  The Obama Family!

Romney a wealth creator? He just moves it around in private equity. Lending to sm. businesses; betting on their failure  profiting from it!

Barack obama is not BLACK . Hes mixed.

Im glad Obama won but damn hop off his dickObama this, Obama thatman Obama these nuts !

Manga/Anime/Otaku: President Obama Does Gangnam Style with a T-Rex in NMA's Election Animat  #manga #anime #otaku

supposed to be nice this weekend. We could have a revenge get together and burn an effigy of Obama

Now Fortune, I voted for Romney, but that doesn't make me a racist, I believe in equal rights for all #MLKismyhero

Can some boy plz ask out Obama's oldest daughter on a date so it can be like my date with the president daughter

Obama will take US on a expressway to being the new Greece. See Washington Times Op-Ed

So when what Obama's selling doesn't work, what then?

Everyone is sooooooo happy today OBAMA did that for us!!!!

I was secretly hoping Obama would win because, ironically, I'm not fond of change.

Immigrant rights rally, crowds of supporters assemble near Obama's reelection event  via

Sign and retweet - Add your name and tell President Obama congratulations:  #FourMoreYears. We kept VA BLUE!

Mitt Romney did NOT win the popular vote. Dang dude.

Some more perspective: during Bush's presidency (from his initial election to Obama's 1st) the NASDAQ was down 52%. With Obama, up over 93%

The market is putting a sell order in on Obama.

No one in the lab. Either they were all up last night celebrating Obama's victory, or I must be missing some terribly important meeting.

when they panned out at Romney's conv. saw white males at Obama's u saw Asian, Hispanic, white, and black. #equality4all

Star people in other countries think Bey is Michele Obama

In the health care negotions in Feb 2010 Obama told J McCain we are not campaigning anymore. The election is over. Will he change now #tcot

About to watch this Obama victory speech #2terms

Apparently, Obama is considering Romney for a role in his administration, possibly as secretary of business. Smart move.

Here we go these damn republicans in my group, I might have to go off This shit is over Obama won now stfu

I watched the victory speech last night and Obama is so inspirational!

'RINO' Boehner Kisses Obama's Ring!.    #tcot #ccot #LNYHBT

Romney Swear He Was Movin In The White House Nawww Dickhead

The world/America is down the drain. It's not Obama's fault. It wouldn't be Romney's fault. I (cont)

The people in the crowd at Obama's headquarters (White, Black, Asian, Hispanic, Men, Women, Gay, Straight, College Student

Fair play to Barack Obama - Donald Trump is one hell of an internet troll to have

During obama's first term, the had 3 head coaches. Hopefully the #stability preached by the prez extends to the raptors sidelines!

Obama don't give a fuck about any of you. Watch college tuition go up

Obama is so cute, wish I was American

CNN's #2 Story:Obama gets re-elected.. CNN's #1 Story:Weed is now legal in ColoradoWashington lol

Oh my freakin' God ROMNEY WOULD NOT TAKE YOUR WEAVE AWAY STOP IT YOU VAPID TRASH

Ahhh so sweet hearing Obama gushing about how much he loves Michelle!

90% of gay people voted for President Barack Obama - A recent poll revealed out of thousands of gay Americans, 41% s

has that revolutionary Donald Trump recovered now? i want to discuss some land for a golf course. Obama win.

Listening to those buffoons will do nothing. Everybody knew Romney wouldnt win. America is Stupid and u can't fix stupid.

i was hoping that if romney was elected that someone would pull a kanye during his inaugural speech. .  .#kwest4dawin

for two straight elections you attempted to drag Obama name in the mud. Get real and help build this country. Stop hating

Who needs Obama when you have these guys?

Check it out!: What might Obama's legacy be after 4 more years?

#Washington: Sign up for Updates from US-President Barack #Obama and Other Senior Officials | The #WhiteHouse

Since this am, 7,204 additional ballots have been counted in Florida and Obama's lead has increased with each updat

the temptations - ball of confusion  via THIS IS SO PERFECT FOR THE END RESULTS OF OBAMA RE-ELECTION RESULTS!!

Obama definitely got it last night.

Still Love this pic - OBAMA/BEY/JAY

Anyway, given the social views of many libertarians, it would surprise me if all Johnson voters preferred Romney to Obama.

That's b/c Harper has never done anything b4. Romney has some depth  experience. Harpie carrying on lobying agenda

Are you done crying like a little bitch? Obama won both the popular vote and electoral votes.

Obama's speech, the way he spoke about his wife and kidsso sweet

yes..it came in late Obama won the island by a few thousand voters..

You really have to give Limbaugh a lot of credit for Obama's win.  The whole thing really pissed off women.  Diff maker.

So did ppl (white) actually listen to what Romney said or do they jus see a white vs black?

Romney was gonna set us up for the return of Mormon Jesus appearing in Missouri ushering in the apocalypse.

My 3 and 4 year old nieces even know who Barack Obama is and they know about voting

Finally someone makes sense! Obama is more dangerous than Al-Qaeda!!!

I got good news and bad news this week. The good news was to great, too care about the bad :) #OnStepCloser #Obama #2012 #Nov20 #Chicago

#Obama 4 more years!!!!!!!!! So happy!!!! History was made today!

But Obama should have lost anyway given how horrific he is. Obama might have beaten a much stronger candidate.

Did Obama hv a 79% win chance? To know, we need to run the election like a lab experiment, doing it 10,000 times to see how often Obama wins

#election2012 President Barack Obama open up the White House got Jay Z on YouTube inviting everybody into the White House

I guess no one that voted for Obama read anything about the Benghazi attack.

Big up obama, bring the troops home soon

Romney more Hitleresque than Bush

Congrats to President #Obama on his re-election!  Loving this new #WalkingDead themed election piece by

She still salty about Obama being president

I would be a stormy sea!: OMG the thick as pig shit Romney supporters that said they are moving -

Look its fine that he won, he's much less of a jackass, but I am NOT okay with all of these Obama supporters walking around smiling at me.

Congrats Obama! Now please focus more on the actual issues in our country rather than your _march_ _madness_ bracket on ESPN

I find it hilarious and heartwarming that Romney's numbers have stopped cold at 47%. The best of irony and karma. #election2012

Coal Mining Stocks Are Overreacting To Obama's Victory  $ACI $ANR $BTU $JRCC $WLT

The economy in the States went tits up during Obama's first term, but originated in the Bush administration.

Post Edited: Chris Hall: Is Obama really the best choice for Canada?

Once again, social media played a big role in Obama's election! Discover how with this pearltree

thoughts to all the designers who spent hours crafting Romney/Ryan victory signs

omg people are so mad about Obama winning.. well sorry to break it to you BUT nothing you say or do can change anything! Moving forward :)

I see a lot of people are sayin God is my president now that Obama has won if Romney would have won God would'nt have

yea and Obama rhymes with Osama do the math

US elections cost $6Billion in all, making it possible for Obama to retain his job, the Dems to retain the Sen  the GOP to retain the House

So glad Obama won 3 I dont even live in the USA lol  :)

Per pool, Obama hanging out at his Kenwood home today. (It's in Hyde Park).

I'm glad Obama won but I still wanna move to Canada

Wore all black to show respect to my 1st African American president. #team Obama

Asif Obama got 500,000+ retweets off a tweet haha 'four more years'

Youngest's Update::: Why Romney may have taken so long to concede: The challenger reportedly only wrote a victor

yo i dead ass argued with a person about presdient obama winning lol

Five Stocks Boasting Better Charts Including RIM, First Solar: There is widespread carnage in stocks the day after President Obama's

Obama was cute lol. (Took from Devina)

CNN is about as reliable and consistent as MITT Romneys

he should have been focused on those who lost homes lost power not wanted to know whether obama was american #notworthit

A real miss at Ole Miss: Students protest Obama re-election with racial epithets  via what a disappointment

well I know they have different views. I know that much, so whatever Romney decides to do would be different from Obama.

MAJOR Congrats to for chic-ly decking out the littlest Obama, Sasha, in one of his skirts! xx

I feel so sorry for Michelle obama's pussy this morning

How Obama Wona great summary of this election season

Mitt wasn't tryin to let a brotha eat like this!!! That's Y I Voted Obama!!!

Why would a Pakistani celebrate Obama's win? Why? Akhir kion? Waja kia hay?Paraee junj Abdullah dewana,Why can't we

Can I short the stock market as a whole? Or should I just short every stock in existence. #obama

wow they said romney wasn't that mad about his loss cuz now he doesn't have to move into a smaller house

Is Chris Mathews just dumb or stupid saying Sandy was a good thing in that it helped Obama?

Very blessed to wake and see another day and knowing that Obama is here 4 more years.#2terms

how is Obama going to donate our salaries?

Cameron is our Romney and we are fooked

btw, i am a woman, i voted, but not for Obama. Kinda pissed everyone assumes i did just BECAUSE i am a woman.

Obama gave a whole nations roofies #nationwidehangover

Yo, I kinda look like Barack Obama

They should get in2 media planning:Inside the Secret World of the Data Crunchers Who Helped Obama Win  via

You must be glad Obama was successful last night. I have been following the election - reminds me of excitement of JFK

everyone thinks that Obama is for cutting taxes, financial aid, etc. but he has doubled our debt. who do u think will be paying for that? us

Shut the fuck up . OBAMA WON ALREADY .

My parents, who voted for Romney, said they felt they witnessed the death of the GOP last night.

Mitt Romney got shut up, and shut down!!!!

i'm still laughing at the fact that Romney only wrote a victory speech.

Dear Lord. I'm v. happy the Daleks voted, mind you, but a bit worried that they _like_ Obama. 8)

Personal Finance Daily: Where to put your money after Obama's reelection #forex

OBAMA HAS WON EVERYONE CAN HAVE A COLLEGE EDUCATION IMMIGRANTS DO NOT HAVE TO RUN ANYMORE AND THE GAY COMMUNITY

yes it shud!! less gang fights less people going to jail for a stupid bag!! WE ALL CAN BE CHILLIN EVEN OBAMA CAN SMOKE FREE

Triad's comment on Divided U.S. Gives Obama More Time via

Game Called on Account of Darkness, Daniel Greenfield   #Obama

Rude awakening for investors who bet against Obama  via iPhone app

The Bahamas congratulates US President Barack Obama via

JUST IN: projects that Gov. Romney wins ARIZONA

The news and tv personalities need to start showing respect to the president. HE'S PRESIDENT OBAMA NOT MR. OBAMA (a regular man)! #Getoverit

I've never heard so many ignorant comments regarding President Barack Obama..

people need to really let the fact that obama is president go too..

RT Mitt Romney look like that manager at McDonald's that tell you that you can only get 1 BBQ sauce with your 20 piece nuggets.

M.K.J commented on ChasinDatPaper's blog post President Obama Defeats Mitt Romney To Win Reelection [Video/Pi

2012 Election Predictions: ROMNEY vs. OBAMA Matchup  #2012 #Election #matchup

Second term for Obama. Expect a plethora of Obama-related rap songs to be released imminently. #predictable #old

President Obama Victory Photo Becomes Most Popular Retweet Of :

is replying every fucking republican who complains that Obama won. That's fucking Punk Rock

hopefully Obama will do something about that haha

And no, there was nowhere the campaign went wrong. It was/he was fantastic. Obama was simply not 'beatable.'

I'm not against Obama winning, but I am against Abortion  Same sex Marriage because it does not go with God's WILL It's not Scriptural many

A powerful vision of what could be Ok, Obama Won -- Now What?  via

Obama must see this o loool

YES!!!!!!!HE PRESIDENT AGAIN.LOOVE U GUYS WHO VOTED FOR OBAMA..

#TopRWexcuses Voter Fraud. Still not conceding OH. 200,000 provisional ballots. Um they're most likely votes for Obama. #tcot #p2 303-18=285

Julian #Assange: Victorious Obama 'wolf in sheep's clothing':  #WikiLeaks http

If you voted for Obama please look at this #facts #numbersdontlie #stopblamingbush

Yes, reporting the news. There's long been interest in Obama there. His books circulated in first term etc.

After all the Obama name calling - Socialist, Communist, big government creator -- the reality is that Obama still won the election.

I glad OBAMA president again!!!:)

I love Obama as well so the feeling is mutual.

and hello to a currency crisis, descent of GM, fiscal cliff and taxmaggedon. All things beyond Obama's level of competence.

The day after Obama was re-elected The Dow fell 257 points an the rest of the stock market fell off a cliff!! Wow

Talking about Obama wiff the sub I'm English. He's freaking out

Some people are tight cuz Romney lost lmaoooo sorryyy Hahahahah. Shut up and get over it. He lost.

Obama rhymes with Ohana. Ohana means family family means nobody gets left behi

Houston begala discusses way #obama campaign took focus from economy, Libyao

I dnt think Republicans would even let a black republican run for president. If Obama was white u think it woulda been close?

it's gray  cloudy  dreary outside, but it's still a good day because Barack Obama is my President

#WeThePeople want Obama to be held accountable for #BenghaziGate now. Please form a Select

RT Fox News currently blaming Superstorm Sandy for Romney's defeat. So God doesn't like right-wing, ou

How's everyone feeling today after an Obama, Biden win? #ElectionDay2012 #ObamaMix #Obama4MoreYears

Picture of Obama in a santa hat with text that reads: Have Yourself A Barry Little Christmas

Dick Morris: 'I Goofed' With Romney Landslide Prediction: 'I Was Wrong' To Question Media Polls

The most awe-inspiring thing about Obama's victory speech: a direct reference to the equality of gays and lesbians in the United States

Half the people who are mad about the election are only mad about 1% of  the thing Obama is doing but what about the other 99%!

Congratulations once again Barack Obama

The national debt by the end of Obama's second term

I should probably take all my money out of the stock market if Obama isn't going to fix the upcoming capital gains and dividend tax increase

Sooo she said like my status if you voted for Obama and comment if you voted for Mitt so I know who to delete. *Doing to much*

If that's 99% of the thristy chicks you know, then call me Mitt Romney cuz I'm in the top 1%.  lol.

It's my belief that people voted against Obama, not for Romney.

I was like dude Mr.President Barack Obama is not a construction worker he is the face of the White House just make pretty speeches relax

is Barack Obama a presidnt still? Got the electi0ns again? Way to go Obama, we believe in u

Four years of #Obama and this hat! Not throwing it out just yet.

I'm not one to throw the race card, but why they got Romney ugly mug front page on the Deridder paper?

Obama's victory speech upstaged by 'Hair Flag Lady'

This made me laugh. Mitt Romney's Concession Speech - The Subtitled Version (VIDEO)  via

-cussing Obama or all the people who voted Obama. Because by cussing everyone, you are showing America that you are a sore-

The election of our President Barack Obama was a family-clan-crew-neighborhood-we-the-people type of movement. NEW POST

that retired pastor better be glad u handled that or he would've got handled just like Romney got HANDED that LOSS last nite!!!

All jokes aside nowI want #Romney as the new Treasury Secretary since Tim Geithner is stepping down next year. #PresidentialCabinet

Mlk. Obama is the first black president but his presidency hasnt impacted the nation the way Mlk's marc

I stayed up and watched it all unfold and had the extra pleasure of seeing fox news call it for obama awesome

So after all the money they spent on campaigning Obama is in for a second term. What a waste of money!! #Obama2012

3/4 the people at Obama's acceptance speech are black.

Thanks obama loversgas went up 20 cents today.

I would imagine that McConnell's campaign strategy will consist of saying Judd really likes Obama.

damn right. hopefully obama has adopted her and shes living in her worst nightmare. tbh if i was obamas kid i would love it

Mr. Romney, please go gently into the night.

I ask my friend why she shares photo which Obama added after win and why she likes him. she said: 'idk, don't have a go at me!' #genius

is stealing my jokes, thanks a bunch Obama.

Ugh just leave me alone. It's not that you don't give a fuck about Obama being re-elected that I shouldn't be allowed either.

Our very core is rotted by corruption starting at our leadership. Obama isn't even a U.S. citizen

when the thing is Obama aint even black! lol

Obama's cuz???? Srzly? Som1's twirra handle *deep sigh*

and you lot still think Obama is the good guy. okay

Praying for Pres Barak Obama Elected to a 2nd Term #prayforObama #election2012 #obama

Newsflash: Obama is mixed people. He IS MIXED. Like the goofy cousin you clowned growin up and PSA.. so is Halle

the GOP shot themselves in the foot cuz they nominated someone so close to Obama! what was the difference? #GoldmanSachs

Why cant our PM welcome one and all like Obama did with his speech?

It's a reason Romney didn't get it! Accept it and keep on going! A new day and time to precious!

HAY Obama's a human being regardless of his position  power. STOP saying that killing him is a proper solution. #thatsall #stfu

Y are Obama speeches are admired more than those by our leaders. Is it me or does India need a PM who's good with words too? No offense PM.

I can't even be mad at the hateful comments from Romney supporters, honestly if Obama lost I would have reacted ignorantly as well lol

Twitter would have been in shambles today if Romney won though lmaooo you'd find me on White Twitter just CHILLIN.

But what about Trump/Romney? Yeah, who wants the support of a self made millionaire that's good with money?

Aim of the audience listening to Obama's speech: TRY TO CHEER AFTER EVERY WORD HIS SAYS FUCK YEAH

Mitt Romney lost because hardline Republicans betrayed him | Simon Tisdall  via Excellent analysis

Barack Obama just takes everything in his stride. He's too cool.

And obama bin laden wins, white america is so upset they have a president that actually cares about the people #NoMittens

He didn't lose n Obama didn't win. It's all an illusion. The only ones that lost are the ones that have hope in a pagan system

Obama is going to have the best sex of his life tonight.

don't know much about Barack Obama but I heard he's doing a lot of the US at the moment, props to him. #4MoreYears

So, how many Romney supporters unfollowed you yesterday? Hands, lemme see 'em!

Did enjoy bothering the few Romney parents at school today though. Your toddlers love the President.

The good thing about Obama getting four more years is that he cannot blame anyone for anything, this is all about results now.

This is why I don't watch Fox News. They're comparing Bush's lack of involvement in Katrina to Obama and Sandy

Did #Obama's Slogan Cut Mitt Romney's Chances?  Great analysis from Al Ries.

This foo is tossing candy if you went for Obama to bad I went for Hitler

What do Wisconsin voters hope for from Obama 2nd term?: Now that the Presidential election is over, what do peop

That awkward moment when Romney moves back to the state that didn't even vote for him.

Obama sure can get a speech

This boy just said he wanted Obama because he's black. Uneducated idiot.

#iNews9k Headline: Romney says his principles endure even in loss. Translation: Romney returns principles to rental place.

Well, the election went as I predicted. Obama won and everyone is happy. Now, I need to start crunching stats and analysing data

How good was Obama's victory speech - def on par with his democratic address in 2008! #ifonlydavecameronwasascharismatic

Please note that I currently have as many followers as Obama has electoral college votes. This makes me special.

Dick Morris suggests Romney landslide  via

How Hot Is Mitt Romney's Hot Son, Craig Romney? - TheGloss

Romney spent $800,000,000+ to not get elected President, I spent nothing for the same result. Who's the great business man now?

Obama's Celebration Moment Is Most-Liked Facebook Photo Ever And Most Retweeted Tweet -

Obama won the election beast yes

Where was my father when Barrack Obama was shooting in the gym? :(

It's not a racist joke ._. I LOVE that Obama won. It's just an alternative way of saying..he got his second term.

Took #Obama 54 minutes longer this time.  What a slacker ;-)

Canada's push for dirty #tarsands oil is out of step with an #Obama administration second term

#Election2012 you mean christie caring about all the people in NJ defeated Romney. Govern vs politics

Ppl at ole miss burning pics of Obama cause he got re elected.WHY SO SERIOUS

If you said you'll move out of the country if Obama was re-elected please keep your promises.

I can't believe how people r reacting to Obama winning. Some people r so small minded and there comments are almost racist.

Buddy Shot Himself  His Fam Bkuz Obama Got Re-Elected? #TRAGIK D.A.

What's this? Obama what?? Never minddid you hear Ronnie O'sullivan has pulled out of the rest of this season and may never return?!?!

A BJP leaning intellectual wanted to vote Romney. He will also vote BJP in next general election!!! You know the WINNER !

Really Stacy Dash? Romney's business savvy? can you or have u read the shit Romney did to force jobs overseas?!

They also need to stop scaring off immigrants/non-whites/etc.: Obama got 70%+ of Latino vote; beat Romney by 40%+ among Asian-Amers.

I said if Obama wins I was CUTTIN nd DYIN my hair blonde

LETS FANGIRL ABOUT OBAMA WINNING TOGETHER! 3 #canadianswithobama

Speaker Zellers says it was national turnout for Obama that affected loss of majority, turn out no one expected #mnleg #tptalmanac

Obama won and Boy Meets World is getting a spin-off. Will there be a tumblr to come back to?

Miles Kimball: Obama's first priority should be to boost immigration  WIN

OMG the election is over, Obama is president still. Can we get tf over this and move on to a new subject? #ForrealTho

I'm seeing #ToughGuyLyrics being tweeted by Soulja Boy fans .. His toughness is unbelievable like Mitt Romney campaign th

#Obama will be travelling back to the White House shortly and the world will carry on as before . #USElection2012 done and dusted.

24 more years for the Obama Camp!! Hop on the train bitches or get left!

Latest news: Exit polls anatomise Obama win - BBC News

so if Obama didn't have any supporters then how did he get re-elected?

HOLY SHIT. Obama is a LEO????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D HELL YEAH

Fuck what yo' mama say, I'm gonna vote obama's way, we good and votin', and throwing it up

we've come a long way since high school srt! :)) #Obama!!!

Seriously stfu about obama people. None of you even have a job where he impacts you what so ever, until you do cut the noise #morons

Watching President Obama's Election Night Speech..

niggas  made af that OBAMA nigga get over it we all know it was gone happen

Mitt Romney is praying for bipartisan cooperation under Obama's second term. Yeah, that's going to be effective

Gun sales set to rise, Smith  Wesson stock jumps after Obama win - Los Angeles Times

Is it just me or does Michelle Obama have something bout her that u just wouldny say no to #obamalamamingefringe

Start up funding 4 small companies? R U Insane! Ppl r closing their biz DOWN cos of Obama!WTF???

lol then i went to grab some lunch bumpin #Kelvin but no homies were there. i was #Obama self :'( lol

Obama runs the country on the Curious George principle. Causes an issue, fixes it, gets credit for fix, not blamed for prob.

Thats weird that I actually recall seeing Michele Obama in that same dress she wore last night. Not a big deal just a memory thing.

I'm glad Obama won,u think money can buy u votes?

Thank goodness Obama is staying in office! Yay America :)

Mitt Romney had a big smile in his concession speech. You know he's glad he's not President. I doubt he really cared.

#Israeli leader in bind after Obama victory   #minister via

Shit is about to be real in the white house! Congress better do their job  keep their tongues tie! United I stand.So happy for Obama!!

OBAMA RELECTO PRESIDENTE DE USA: ver info en:

Foto: politicalhouse: President Obama has won the election President Barack Obama has won his bid for

The bastards at the 7-11 are out of straight! What kind of country is this OBAMA!!

Last I checked, gun rights have actually expanded under Obama.

It must be awkward for Mitt Romney to be going back home, to a State that never even voted for him. Politics, cruel game that!

All I thought about was those Instagram pictures of Obama when he said if you vote for me I'll legalize marijuana and I'm n

I am sending my sympathy to the US which now has to suffer 4 more years of Obama.

i think all the rich 1% GOPhers sold their stock as a protest..just to show the world that as soon as Obama got in Market goes Down

#Obama's war on #whistleblowers the future of #Wikileaks  the government's attempts to #censor #America.  via

Romney was so ruining your economy, huh?

Was I the only 1 bothered by Romney giving same speech, almost verbatim, at least a dozen times over the last 2 days? Insincere!

OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA u cant change the fact that the president is black and half the white america voted for him too.#niggalovers

The CEOs of and tell what Obama's win means for health care.

even though I'm not american. congrats President Obama.

Ok.c'mon guyslet's break out our Obama phones to call mother Russia! Job well done! Comrade! Pass me my handout will ya! 'merica!

Can't the BBC find something else to talk about other than Obama.

Republicans spent $800m trying to get Romney elected. The look on #FoxNews' face, when Obama won the election= PRICELESS

Yes,I can voted for OBAMA!!I am very happy,it's more funnyI LooovE OBama!^_^ J'ACHETE#JMG

The most popular tweet ever  by OBAMA //t.co/1NPo7aeZ

And to think some work colleagues mocked me for predicting a comfy Obama win, evn after first debate

I woke up this morning in the GREATEST mood knowing Obama wasn't going no where..best feeling!

The nasty tweets by some about Obama's victory is shocking. These people should accept defeat with the same graciousness as Mitt Romney.

Plz flw The Muslim Brotherhood in the Obama Administration -  If anyone needed evidence that Hillary

So I was called ignorant for supporting #Obama I'm so lost right now? Now Voting for a lying idiot like Romney now that ignorant case closed

Democrats defy odds, increase US Senate majority: President Barack Obama's Democratic Party has increased its ma

This mutt loves Obama and am so proud of our country.

'Romney should of won so America could go back to its roots' Murder, rape, brutality and theft then yeah?

Not even americam yet i'm glad obama won!

Voting for Obama was literally voting for your own death. Literally. You humans are so retarded. Do eye think you deserve democracy? HELL NO

apparently the actual number of votes was very close but Obama won key states.

Huff Post: University Of #Mississippi Students 'Riot' Over #Obama Reelection (VIDEO) --

if a building is about to blow, the fire chief wouldn't send more men in. that's life and you know Obama wasn't on the phone

Racist white people are so mad right now lol Obama power!

if its good enough for Barry Obama then it's good enough for me #majority

I know Obama got him some presidency election sex last night

Mitt Romney would destroy my vagina because I'd be pregnant all the time.

Obama confirms that once you go black you can't go back

Romney? Romney? Who the fuck is Romney?

All these gringos complaining cause Obama won haha #bitchplease

The White House says that President Obama called House and Senate Leaders last night to talk about the Deficit and Taxes.

Ok folks Obama is the pres. like it or not. Lets all move the fuck on. Your Twitter and Facebook bitching wont change a damn thing. #MoveOn

I think that obama will do a much better job this time!

Thank the heavens! Know it's a bit late but congrats Obama!

GUESS ILL NEVER HAVE TO WORK AGAIN IN MY LIFE BECAUSE OBAMA GOT RE-ELECTED CAUSE THATS HOW THE WORLD WORKS AND IS TOTALLY OBAMAS PLAN.

So we can quit with the racist shit, bc half the votes for Obama were from white ppl, and I kno that there were black ppl voting for Mitt

Romney had more votes than Obama overall yet he stills loses the election #Corrupt

just watches Obama's victory speechwell I tried to, but the woman with the flag in her hair was rather distracting. You go Glen Co Co

Now that Obama got this second term, can he pardon Max B now!

(Including All The Races  People That Make America) Has Decided To Give Obama A Second Term And That Is Facts ,

It sad that having connections with Michigan, New hampshire, and Massachusetts that Romney got none of their votes. Lol

Obama sounds like the rock from wrestling lool

Barack Obama's reelection suggests a continuation of U.S. foreign aid reforms focused on food aid, global health

Doesn't Obama stop at your house?

i quite like Obama, he seems like a cool guy. id have dinner with him. why not!

Obama just showed America that once you go black  You never go back !!

Once again, the hero rises. Four more years. America is in good hands. I love you Barack Obama. Best president America ever had

Imagine if Romney had selected Rubio like a great deal of us wanted him to

Hope everone enjoyed the recession ccause were gotng right back into it Thanks Obama and the people who voted for him

ABC News' Cokie Roberts discusses Obama's win, changes to come: Cokie Roberts closely followed the  #dallas #news

Katy Perry Is 'Proud' To Place Her Vote For Barack Obama In Red White And Blue!  via

I rather suck Romney's dick than being in school

shoutout to hope you voted for Obama !

you just prove my point. Lol if I were to vote for Romney in WA it wouldn't matter because Wa is always a blue state.

haha except for meagan 0:) friends  Obama #apparently #howannoying

No its a racist nation 93% of blacks voted for Obama

7-Year-Old Murdered for Not Learning the Koran   #Obama #HarryReid

If you re not changing yourself or implementing change in life or in what you do. Obama's second term is irrelevant.

Obama for president and no on the marriage amendment? Good job America.

You're going to see an emboldened Obama who no longer has to worry about re-election. Perhaps he can be a democrat now.

HELL YH Wallahi, All US Presidents R all Related Expect one  its NOT Obama

People Mad At Obama, Obama Dint Win .. We Won , He Still Got Shit To Do

I feel like today is a day of mourning of saddness for our Country. Our Country cant afford 4 more years of Obama. in disbelief outcome

they have had an agenda against #Obama for the last 5 years. Every single show seems to criticise him. Worst offender #hannity

Ole Miss students yell out racial slurs in campus riot protesting Obama's reelection: A riot broke out at The University of Mississip

In an alternate universe, Mitt Romney won, and in a Shyamalan-esque twist, declared in his victory speech that he was installing Sharia law.

Romney was gon take away porn smh

Yeah guys, you're right. Obama himself controls the price of gas all over the world and that's why the price went u

Haha! This is awesome: Obama's Anger Translator - Victory:

Romney family mess up  Oops!

Congratulations to Pres. Obama in his re-election.  Hopefully he'll work more with Republicans (especially in the House) in his next term.

#prolife #personhood - read a post from a #filipino who works with the american army re: re-election of obama.

If it went below 90%, Axelrod was shaving MT Time for soul searching: Obama's D.C. vote went from from 92.4% in '08 to 91.4%.

via theogmonline: In Obama's Second Term, Shale Gas Production Not Likely to Slow Down

about time. Obama Victory Could Spell End Of Conservative Supreme Court - Forbes

Romney Will Win Decisively: The polls are using outdated   #Life

State Sen. Bob #Hedlund says the nation didn't get a true picture of Mitt #Romney -

In an alternate universe, Mitt Romney won, and in a Shyamalan-esque twist, declared in his victory speech that he was insta

Obama wins, Nate Silver wins, tech wins  via / Big night for Twitter, iPad

Barack Obama's Second Term Small-Business Agenda - Barack Obama won his reelection bid last night. See what his seco

THIS JUST IN Ted Nugent Calls Obama Voters 'Pimps, Whores and Welfare Brats': Count Ted Nugent a  #TeamFollowBack

Tea party unloads on Romney Nov 7th 3PM Ed.  via

How Did Cedar Falls Vote on Obama, Braley, Wiggins?  #patchelections #iavotes

There are folks on both sides who scan for critical Tweets and lash out. Same thing happened when I criticized Obama's campaign.

The awkward moment today when someone was like 'whoooo Tarek, Obama won!'  'errrrr, yeah  good for him' lol

It's beyond sad but I find it hilarious that Republicans think Obama supporters are crazy liberals.

If u saying u gone leave the country bc Obama won, well get the stepping

Now #npr is giving #Sandy credit for Obama's win.

Obama and Michelle are ratchet as fuck. It's awesome

Daily Kos: CNN: Romney Violating Federal Laws 'Coordinating' With Karl Rove  via

As if the last 12 hours couldn't have gotten any worse for Tag Romney, he then remembered his name was Tag. #doublewhammy

Obama celebrating his 2nd term by drone bombing innocents in Yemen! FOUR MORE DRONES! FOUR MORE DRONES! FOUR MORE DRONES!

Sad that Obama supporter are so selfish that they cut their own childrens' throats.

Why the hell would I vote for Romney? Lol

And now president Obama make a joint for to celebrate ;D

I was just forever rapping this last night mixing Obama in it! I sud post it to telly

Wine Drinkers and Winemakers Won the Election for Obama. Here is the proof:

Not all the votes have been counted yet, but as of right now Obama is in the lead for popular by 2 percentage points

On some real shit tho we love the president im throwing an OBAMA PARTY in NW on saturday

We can build a Great Wall along the North to keep Obama's Hordes out and another Great Wall along the South to keep the Illegals

Obama wins US prez elections. Congrats !! sir hope u Indo-American relations will strengthen. #USA

You can unfollow all the people you want after.last night. Obama is still YOUR President

Canadian economist expressed modest optimism regarding the economy with #Obama being elected

It's gonna be funny if Obama lowers unemployment and erases the national debt then everyone will say he's a great president #twofaces

I must point out, as much as I hate Mitt Romney or Barack Obama, I fear a Stein victory more than them or a Goode victory.

No shortage of issues for Obama's next term - Even before he takes the oath of office for a second time, President B

Obama, X, Ilyasah Shabaxx cupcakes from cupcakecutieboutique #cupcakes

Team Obama all hail the president

2 arrested after anti-Obama protest gets out of hand at Ole Miss

If you voted for Romney, you're going against Beyonce and going against Beyonce is like going against Justin and that'

Election Night 2012: Reactions in Photos - In Focus - The Atlantic -  via #election2012 #Obama #Romney

Kelly, anybody thinking Rubio would be a gd candidate is foolish. He couldn't even get Hisps. in his own district to vote Romney

Michelle Obama is an outfit repeater, what are your thoughts?

Obama just got reflected, they can get food stamps and welfare and section A, so know they dot have to work for money.

Lol ppl legit crying cause Obama won lol

Maury: Romney when it comes to America You are. NOT the president.

A cool story from a Reuters Photography covering the campaign trail of Obama.  Love him or not, left or right

We treated Sundowns something like Mitt Romney in the election, gave 'em that home ground hiding!

WHY is there no coverage of Netanyahu's bro's continuous BUllshit about OBAMA NOT COVERED ON US NEWS?

The dumb people who are sad romney lost are now asking god for help haha good luck with that one #godisfake

Mitt Romney could have solved global warming! Dammit why didn't he get elected #election2012

pretty sure Obama even won the pop vote

Ann Romney really not mad that Mitt lost the election because she would have to move into a smaller house and a black neighborhood.

If I've learned anything this election It's that playing nice gets you no where. GOP should have really attacked Obama on his past/policy

of course today I find out Meatloaf supported Romney after I voted for Gaius Baltar. #lifefullofregret

Nothing ruins my friday like waking up and realizing its Wednesday and Obama is still president.

Since Obama won the election the stock value on Wallstreet went down . Sale your shares now  Value will not go back up ever again in USA

Just watched fab HBO series John Adams where he in this episode is elected President like Obama also today. What a coincidence!

The Romney Effect | TM Daily Post

Election is over so #happy but I'm satified with #obama

Thank you Oprah Winfrey for your motherly role in president Barack Obama's election and re-election as president of the USA. God bless you.

Omg. Some guy just came in here and racist bitched about Romney losing. #presidentialelectionsaresrs

It was an act of faith that Latino voters pulled the lever in overwhelming #s for President Obama who has deported mo

i bet secretly this is obama and he's trying to make us feel good omfg

Obama leads Romney 49.9% to 49.3% in #FL with 100% reporting. So why hasn't it been called?

I'm losing Mitt Romney Followers, but Barack Obama is still president.

my point was that i still have to work hard, and nothing is going to be handed to me, so any promises obama made don't matter.

What's Going on Here? Lil' Debbie and Riff Raff Rap 'Michelle Obama'

he did And said you will still get food, phones and cars from Obama.  It's really gross to listen to.

I didn't want Romney or Obama to win. So I don't really care. We're screwed either way

So many teachers were mad the Romney lost and took it out on their students smh

Obama And Coal - West Virginia's Eyewitness News:

MT Obama authorizes another deadly drone strike on night of his election victory. 2nd term kill policy: ht

Not even American, but I love Barack Obama

Something I didn't realize: Obama won Paul Ryan's congressional district.

my bad people in class been giving looks when we cheered for Obama and people ben fussing about it in the class next to mine

Romney's Defense Mechanism Is Smiling.LIKE No You Look Like A M'F Rapists..FOH   t(-_-t)

Obama won cuz he said he'd kill all the black babies

I liked a video from  I hate Hitmarkers(OBAMA WON)

Try to keep warm with the fire of your sanctimony when Obama names 3 Supreme Court Justices, ok?

WooT!.. WooT.! ObamA 4 Your MamA!!

so I woke this morning to a ton of emailseither they were cryin in their coffee over obama or pissed..personally it didnt matter to me

Obama Re-Election, as seen in print.

Obama has won Vermont after barely beating out a 17 minute Trey Anastasio guitar solo.

Im honestly happy that mitt romney didnt win

Stocks Tank After Obama Win; What You Should Buy Now

God help us if something happens to Obama during the next four years - we would have a huge buffoon as president, even bigger than O

ann romney didnt even touch her foie gras this morning. normally she scarfs it down like a bear. i think she has the sads

Kevin I am not upset as much about keeping Obama as I am not having Romney

Barack Obama shows off 'smooth' basketball game to NBA legend Scottie  - New York Daily News  #Obama

President Obama's reelection victory seen buoying hospital shares |

can I ask why you support mitt romney.

Better enjoy these 4 years cause after Obama we're all dead.

Walked Around Harveys With My Obama Hood On !

So, everybody was talm bout obama winning today.

ok people as reported by NBCNews 4 hours ago Obama:50% of the pop. vote Romney: 48% idk why the heck people think Romney won the pop. vote

who likes obama having another 4 years i think its cool

What would have happened today had Romney been elected? Stock rally? C'mon man!

so you're suggesting Obama's a closet member of the Tea Party?!

I guess everyone that voted for Obama is gunna be partying tonight since they don't have any jobs to go to in the morning

heythisismatt: Oh, Obama-kun!I SO SHIP THIS BARACK ROMNEY

MITT ROMNEY, NAUNGUSAN SI OBAMA SA UNANG BAHAGI NG BILANGAN NG BOTO #gmctv5

Bit late to say but i am so glad obama won the election yesterday, the world is not all mad :L

Obama really.I will be spending the next 4 years in my room

I love see people talking about how much the hate Obama bcuz all they can do is talk haha #2Terms

Obama i wanted you to winn, now just dont take all my familys fucking jobs away. #coalminers #illkillyou #nolie #sorrynot

Now he's had a bit of a kip and the dust has settled, the first thing Obama should do is ban hockey lockouts.

Obama in his speech talked about Blind Optimism which I think most young people tend to oversee it and I dnt agree with Maredi

I'm just happy that Obama and Romney arent calling my house anymore.

All imma say is that Obama cant fix what Bush fucked up (In his 8 years in office) in just 4 years..

shout out to everyone who voted for Obama.now no1 wants to trade with America.! what's that gonna do now ?!

my status last night bc of all the Romney people bitching

proper crying at obama talking to michelle in his speech omfg rfhdjkfSAhdglfv

Obama let me hit 3 times at motorcity lastnight   U smashed da President?? Pimmmmmmmmmmmmp!!

Chilling In My Obama Shirt Watching Freedom Writers:)

on the first day of Obama's reelection, the stock market fell 313 points. this is definitely the right direction to be

I'm relieved Romney didn't win Those 'important' meetings with our PM would have been awkward after his last visit.#SpecialRelationship

If the right needs candidates just a little to the left of Romney they are going to have to get Hillary Clinton to change parties.

you think we can recover from the damage a 2nd Obama term will cause?

by far the most uninformed person on the public stage. Mitt Romney had no such policies  is a proven liar. I'm embarrassed 4 her

Btw, obama's not going to shut the coal mines down, he's for unions!! #retards #getitthroughyourhead

Our land is upside down. Socialist Obama  media lie about capitalist Romney  the ignorant believe that Romney

In His Second Term, How Will Obama Approach Fossil Fuels?

In a wonderful mood today! Bought AC3, first snow, Obama's reelected. Today is a wonderful day

Obama to Congress: Call Me Maybe  #Call #Congress #Maybe #Obama

Watching the Obama victory speech. He talking that real

Wao baby!  Jajaja  The difference between Obama and Romney via LMAO! #durex #Epic

some1 obviously can't comprehend the mechainics of a sentence! Never said Obama =Romney in re: to war!

It's true Obama is a socialist. He understand the only way to success is 'organise,organise, organise'.

How many times do you think Romney has used the N word today?

Without vision people perish. President Obama has a vision see what it is   Lets move everything FOuRWARD!!!

Sarah Palin 2016. Palin knew Romney wouldn't win. She never predicted a wide Romney victory.

Our children/grandchildren will be learning about Obama's speech from last night, like we learned about Martin Luther King's great speeches

Lola  her obama t-shirt is just sooo cute

Styling: And NowStacey Dash Concedes (Statement) - Stacey Dash famously endorsed Mitt Romney for President and now

My bosses flexin kz Obama won. Im fina go off again.

Plot Twist: Ciara And Bella Join The Army So Ciara Can Play In The Band And Bella Can Bomb Romney

Ann also stated on Hannity she did not care what state won.  Romney lost.  LOL!!

Obama: Four More Drones! Robot Attacks Are On Deck For #Obama's Next Term

Look we are gonna die In a month anyways, so Obama being elected isn't that bad #sike

Were all screwed Obama got elected again

Fuck Obama And Romney , How About That?

I've read a zillion reasons from the right and left why Romney lost but few of them stated the obvious reason. Romney was a lying liar.

President Obama on Donald Trump - The Tonight Show with Jay Leno:  via

Dont even live in America and I'm absolutely chuffed that Barack Obama is president again

Obama won nation but FLA still not called because of close tally.

First thing first Obama is president still so all u hates #HowYouFeeling

A Prius with an Obama sticker Double fail

Party in the usaaaa because obama is president!!!

what would romney have done with the white house b-ball court

Obviously losing the election last night is disappointing, but Romney was never a Tea Party

I know real niggas that drink real niggas that smoke real niggas that pray Romney ain't get yo vote

Listening to Obama's speech. Maybe I'll hate him less.

After looking at photo's online of Romney's wife, I get a strong feeling that they seem to think they are living in the 60s.  #2012

So you voted for Obama to get the pell grant but you aren't going to school. Smh.

I don't see how Romney can hate from outside the white house, he can't even get in! ahahah. leggo.

Obama's Complete Victory Speech: Obama Wins the 2012 Election:  via Goosebumps at 22:15

Am I the only one who likes Obama?! Go OBAMA! #ObamaWon

Obama won. I may be Canadian but i watch these things! I personally like him better then mit raumney(I Dont know

#vinb Obama should celebrate his win with a double Irishtrebles all round!

Boehner: House Will Work With Obama to Avoid Fiscal Cliff

if romney wins do u really think i want to hear a bunch of white people at my lunch table bragging just cuz deY WHITE

Actually polls put Obama ahead of Romney, just it was a marginal lead. And guess what - the polls were right!

Shamus Smith: ''Obama ryhmes with ohana and ohana means family  and you don't leave family behind :) mitt ryhmes

haha should have seen the voting tho, romney was in the lead most of the time, scary stuff :/

why do you hate Obama so much? Aren't you planning on going to a public university?

obama also entered his first presidency after the completely shit storm caused by bush.

Car in front of me got Romney stickers, woo I kno they mad! Lol

World celebrates Obama: PERSONALITIES across the world on Wednesday saluted the re-elected

#Obama Beats Back the Right-Wing Tide  via

Romney thought he would beat a Kenyan in a race. BOII ! you thought

If i wear obama,i will give rooney money to console herself

whatever, Obama is the president you know.

He might even blame O'Reilly, don't cha think?  O'Romney O'Bush O'Poo

this country is doomed nothing is going to change we are all screwed Obama is a liar

#p2b What's funny? Obama inherited the blame for the 4yr mess his predecessor made! LMAO!

I actually didn't realize how funny Obama actually was.  CRYING.

Full text of Barack Obama's victory speech - The Times of India

We are so happy, is letting me make a bong from her Fallopian  tubes. #Election2012 #Obama #spellcheck

This opportunistic hypocrisy is despicable. Associating yourself with Obama - a leader whom many consider to be a moderate

That nigga Romney said raping ppl is okay.. and damn near became president SMH!

Me: Obama is our new 44th president.Mom: well, now he has 4 years to look for a new house.lol she cracks me up!!!! #Mom #ILoveHer

lol he doesnt suck though. no president has done every last thing. obama has does what he has the power to to alone cause

Woody does rock, Donal, but Buzz has the requisite panache of a true leader. And more catchphrases. Obama in space!! ;-)

People that say Obama hasn't made a difference during these four years of presidency are ungrateful as fuck! Like seriously though?

obama can fuck this country up so bad n not care cuz he's on his last term

let's see how Romney feels when every American with a penis that ejaculates rapes his daughter#noabortion

BARACK OBAMA OHHH YEAHHH HE IN OFFICE FOR FOUR MORE YEARS

To people lambasting UK Christians such as for being pro Obama, I've got news - Jesus was not a Republican or a Democrat!

Sorry Romney but you lose.  Wait I'm not sorry at all

Congrats again to President Obama for winning! #obama2012

Northeast is suffering today Well ya bastards voted for #Bloomberg, #Obama so stuff your problems up your ignorant asses!

This is weird people say bad things about Obama but yet they go out and vote for him Like who does that weird people please retweet 2 bff

Obama as 2Chainz or Obama as A$AP Rocky? Take your pick!

I love Barack  Michelle Obama, they are such flawless human beings.

GOP mistake will be to think Latino candidates will save them. It's the issues stupid. Neither Obama or Bid

Lol at people saying Obama is antichrist and is secretly planning a civil war between rich and the less fortunate .

Couldn't have said it any better myself. Obama is Santa Claus and the working people are the elves.

Obama Wins: So Christians, Will It Be More Hate, or Jesus?  #FoxNationIgnoresJesus

Balderdash. The Tea Party GOP House won reelection because they had serious platforms. Romney did not.

If I disagree with you I'm a sinner? You're all kinds of crazy, and what u said about Obama was offensive and a bit nuts!

My Prof just got Obama and bin ladden mixed up. That should tell us something.

You know what Obama's new name is? TWO TERMS!!! lol:

..bruh that's crazy it say 98% of blacks voted for Obama .

yeah , i agree on some of the things Obama wanted to change but he didnt seem to do any of it over the last 4 days .

Today You have to vote America , and keep moving Forward !! #Obama

They shouldn't, Vegas had Obama -300+ for a month. Not quite as close as Gallup or Rasmussen would have you believe. #ItsAllNoise

Get Mitt Romney name by putting together a piece of winter clothing and your favourite place in Kent. I'm Fleece Broadstairs

Just Romney's odds falling. You can view 2016 U.S. Presidential Election odds at website:

For those saying that as Obama won they're moving to X remember that X is [various atetheses of conservative political pos

Welcome to a new America: 50% intelligent awareness of #socialism, 50% not a clue to where they are headed under Obama. #malkin

Why is it a problem that Obama is black? I mean skin color ain't got shit to do with votes white people voted for him to bitch.

Remember that time I said Obama would win 300+ electoral votes and named the swing states he'd win?  Yes, I'm still gloating.  Suck it!

(Biz) #US stocks dive after Obama win: #Dow loses 2.4pc:

I agree-Where is Obama's Fair Shake,Fair Deal,Fair Chance, Fair Fair Fair when it comes to someone like yourself?

SEALS bash Obama constantly haha

you just wait. We've only seen half of obama's disaster. Remember this convo when u loose

Obama. I guess it is better than nuclear war.

Imagine meeting Barack Obama and calling him 'mr president' though omg that'd be so hot and I'd just melt likeputty in his hands o k

Honestly I think Taylor Swift should have pulled a Kanye and interrupted Obama's victory speech pumping up Romney. I'd have died.

I like to stay out of the spotlight,ya know. Mikayla Obama at your service!

I'm not going to lie Romney did have us shook foreal

People are still bitching about the election. Stfu it's over with. Obama is the president for another 4 years, deal with it.

Free pie in the kitchen at work today. This is clearly the beginning of all the handouts I'll be getting for voting for Obama. #election2012

And Romney is a Mormon and there is nothing wrong with that at all.

just watched Obama's acceptance speechgot chills all over

wow. that's the best upside of a Romney presidency I could even imagine

u aint ass nice as my man obama lol peep this oh man

And obama is lowering the economy??? This is like telling me the browns will win the super bowl

Oh you mad cause Obama won again. Get the fuck over it

Obama rhymes with Ohana. Ohana means family and family means nobody gets left behing. Mitt rymes with shit

Someone dropped a twenty dollar bill as they walked past me, I picked it up, called them over, and gave it to back to them. #Obama

If u voted #obama and u own lots of $ worth of stocks u may regret it today Although that scenario is a bit of an oxymoron to begin with.

Isn't it funny how the gas prices go up when Obama gets reelected? #fucker

No one understands my obsession with cats or fiery hatred for Obama.

but really got a obama ball mixtape lol nice

I know Obama did the fool last night in Michelle pussy

Scary video ad: Mike Huckabee Warns Christians: Obama Vote Will Crumple In Hell's Fire (VIDEO)  via

I lost a dollar but at least Obama won!

READBarack Obama's second-term Cabinet - Edward-Isaac Dovere -   via

PredictionChris Christie becomes part of Obama admin after 2014 defeat by Cory Booker. #youhearditherefirst

if someone has a meme of them they are a celebrity. Obama and Romney have memes of them, therefore the e

For the Obama haters guess what, the community organizer won again!

What if Obama made Romney run for President to scare us to what shit used to be and can go back too..Shit scared us straight to the Polls

Take down all of your #romney  stickers  #obamanation  !

don't be mad bro. Y would you want a stiff Mormen white guy anyways. Are president can ball son! #obama

Obama is back, my day ended at 10a.m., and boy meets world sequel is confirmed- best Wednesday ever

Obama was re-elected and Halo 4 was released whoaa it was a good day :D

Hey Republicans you guys still mad.? #2Terms #OBAMA

Happy Obama got elected now i don't gotta whip white in this type of weather

I'm not Mooning tonight Obama just got re elected it might be some psycho white man on a rage n knowing all them niggas gone be sliding lol

Barack Obama. Happy for winning !!!!!!!  via

M Wonder how many of them voted for Obama.  and Lockheed soon to follow with layoffs.

Rocking out in my shirt today! #OBAMA

Photo: Did you vote for Obama???

Tea Party blames Romney, Chris Christie and of course the media, ignoring that yesterday's landslide was caused by the T

Wall st hates obama dropped the bag 300 points lol

one if the main reasons i didn't like mitt romney.

election 2012: Analysis: Obama, GOP size each other up for deals - The Seattle Times

Hi Obamacare is not the worst Obama can do-the rates of poverty/govt dependency will reach 55%  debt $2

Obama re-elected now wtf y'all gone do ? Not shit

All the pundits are WRONG - Romney did everything RIGHT, he IS a true conserv., soc. lib is no answer, he ran tough

I know the election over but FUCK YOU Mitt Romney

Please stop bitching about Obama getting re-elected. You can't change it, just get over it.

What I really can't believe, is when #GOTV 2012 so vastly outperformed GOP GOTV 2008, that McCain could outpoll Romney

I wasn't suprised at obama's victory

EWTN: 7-Nov-12 - Holy Father Sends Message to President Obama

Obama wins, Nate Silver wins, tech wins | PandoDaily  #bigdata

#Romney would have made such a great president! :'(

Why an hour pause last night for Romney concession? He was waiting for contractor to refund his deposit on plans 4 W

Thank god the political commercials are gone I couldn't stand hearing Josh Mandel, Betty Sutton, Mitt Romney or Barack Obama anymore

this is classic, talked 2 a friend this afternoon lady stopped her front door Obama gonna give us a hse we like thi

Re-elected, Obama heads back to divided government  --Full Story

haha Obama theme song should be Cheif Keef Winning

Being burned alive is not so bad compared to 4 more years of Obama #election #obama

Damn I see people still crying over Obama being re-elected like something is going to happen if they keep it up

I don't understand why everyone is still talking about the Election on tv. Obama already got it, IT'S OVER.

The Obama jewel thief ep of South Park is on xD

Divided U.S. Gives Obama More Time - Voters returned President Obama to the White House, but he will face a

In a nutshell? : Top 10 reasons Romney lost   #fb #election2012

Mitt Romney underperformed John McCain in Ohio by ~90k votes

So Obama won last night. Cheers.

Romney didn't lose bc he is a Mormon, he lost bc he didn't appeal.

How Kids Will Remember This 'Mitt Romney' Fella

why everybody got on Obama shirts but Bow Wow ? -.- #106Park

Obama speaks on love of wife, kids -  Video

i want the kind of love that Barack and Michelle Obama have

Slideshow | Barack Obama: The man for two seasons - Livemint

To be honest could use strength in the White House  I love Obama but he can use some one like Romney #TeamWork

i want to move to America just cos Obama

and how come she hates obama? he's black, she's black, wtf? get real yo.

IF you #voted for Obama, then lets DEMAND universal human rights C.H.A.N.G.E. - Choose Humanity A New Global Economy,

This is how we will win the South - Demographics.  How Obama Took The Battleground States

Obama calls congressional leaders, talks 'fiscal cliff' (Los Angeles Times): Share With Friends:  |  | Top News

Nah man, all I needed was another four years of Obama and I gotz that. PS check yo dms

both Wanyama and Obama are Kenyans! Coincidence, I don't think so !!

I want to punch this boy on fb in his face.. He only has something bad to say about OBAMA cause of the ugly bm that don't want him. #dummy

Will Donald Trump just shut up already!? Romney lost, get over it.

I know personally people who don't just THINK or FEAR Obama will fail in his 2nd term. They WANT that. I have some choice words for them

And all you Romney bitchies can suck my dick.

i do believe the Obama administration's plan was to cut the deficit in half.yet they tripled it

Obama won high school drop outs by thirty points. Obama won high school grads by one (Lost college grads.)  Stay in school, kids.

then you can open the gates for Romney!

True. 50% are women, and want rights. They woildn't get those under Romney.

Pocho Ocho reasons Republicans think Romney was defeated  via

I am so sad for our country that we will not have the opportunity to see the great things Mitt Romney would have done.

you can. And even stay in bed all day watching movies!! Because Obama will take care of you!

Obama was re-elected and halo 4 was released. It was a good day.

Mitt Romney is one man who could have done with fewer home states.

Wat Obama have to do with the bahamas

First Obama, then Celtic.I'll be inside the oven in my kitchen in case anyone is looking for me.

Yesterday, Americans voted to become a part of the CHANGE in a new America. Today, we celebrate our 44th president on his 2nd term. #Obama

I've heard and seen so many racist comments today since Obama won. SMHPeople are showing their true colors.

Nah, wait for South Shore votes to come in. MT Very surprised to see Staten Island flipped 52.2-47.2 McCain to 49.9-49.1 Obama.

So people bash obama yesterday for winning and today saying we all need to work together, it doesnt matter who the president is. Pick a side

Are you optimistic about Obama's 2nd term?

You didn't think I was done celebrating about Obama getting re-elected ..now did you ?? Haha #4moreyears !!!

#nowplaying Obama Motivation Mix by  on Fresh Radio with

Also- shedding a year or two while watching Obama's victory speech. #hope

Fiscal Cliff: Will Obama Yield On Tax Hikes In Time?

update: girl who wrote story about Horny Ghost just announced that obama sucks and i managed to audibly roll my eyes for the first time ever

hanging in there, taking a big ol Romney right now if you catch my drift #turd

If Obama was elected by #fraud that would be good news. I'd hate to think the country was REALLY that stupid to choose him properly.

To the republicans who said they'd move to Australia if Obama won the election

The truth is Romney is unelectable and so did amazingly well. America was ready for a black president it wasn't for a Mormon.

which is the real issue, not Obama's win. They're in for many more nights like yesterday if they don't adapt.

OBAMA I LOVE YOU PLEASE STOP EMAILING ME NOW PLEASE.

Bush won re-election because of opposition to gay marriage. Obama won re-election because if his support of it. That was a

Romney lost, but that doesn't mean God has vacated His throne.

Everyone is hastaging Obama like hes they best friend.

amazing ! Drank and celebrated :) I'm sure you knew I support Obama :) Had a few Cuba libres for you.

I was bussin it in the hall for Obama today. Had to stop because to many people came over there.

They had a riot.. Burning Obama signs n stuff

Congrats to President Obama on winning another 4 more years!

My parents are looking into moving to Costa Rica for their retirement because Obama is President! #PleaseDo #YESSSS

Wow Obama won and I asked for lights.Finally have power now I can get to work

Romney and his staff's shock and bewilderment at his loss illustrates exactly how out of touch with the electorate they were and still are.

Huzzah for Obama! There's hope for this country yet!

So Putin sent his congrats to Obama via telegram. No word yet on wether he also sent him a mixtape. Seriously Russia, the fuck?

Mom just brought slices of cake home to celebrate Obama's re-election. :,)

Everyone that's talking about Obama being president again is making me want to hit them with a bat .____. Can we do anything about it? #No

Officer dickhead gonna make me drive all the way back to Hanover county VA for a court date! Smh! Obama still the president bitch!!!!!

Let's see what Obama has planned for the nation, now that he's in again for a second term.

Salute to Obama  the family! 4 more years! #MovingFoward

THIS IS A BREAKING ALERT: GOD DAMN OBAMA FUCKING WINS REELECTION DAMN IT!

Ill get a grande Obama, hold the hope. Keep the Change

Who Was All Happy To See Obama Win LastNight ?

I was with you on a date and after we found out Obama won, we went and did the nasty in celebration

If you can't stand Obama now, just wait another year or two, when his horrible policies have the economy in flames! BHO still=FAIL!

Ok so Obama won the election but people voted on what they think will happen to economy with Obama and they said it would get worse

I'm all about moving Forward like Obama. Still sitting here looking over you. #KingP

Obama have a gorgeous smile #random tweet.

What I Woke Up To .. Yeessssss Obama  4 more yrs

why are you still on the air Your views are just like ratings, not so good, stop hating on Obama

You niggas need to stop cooning out President Obama. Putting his face on dumb shit, having him quote basic nigga songs! Stop it! Guapo Capo

Huh. Obama moving America forward a lot quicker than anticipated!   died

President Obama's re-election isn't the TV ratings record-breaker his first victory proved to be:  #Election2012

Obama just got reelected. They don't know if they can stop you bro.

Waiting for neighbors to remove their Obama/Romney signs. Not sure what the hold up is.

Here's a picture of President Obama SHOOTING A MACHINE GUN WHILE RIDING A VELOCIRAPTOR THAT'S HOLDING AN AMERICAN FLAG! ht

In the nine battleground States, #Obama won eight, but the #GOP dominated the #House races in the same states.  Interesting.

Forbes - Obama's Not-So-Secret Weapon: Will He Use It to Help Power His New Mandate?

Man that Obama victory speech is incredible. I know you've all seen it hours ago but I've been working! Still. Inspiring stuff!

Do you want #Obama to clean up our #elections? Sign our open letter to get big money out:  #democracy

That's interesting. Too much indifference toward Romney?

Gambit Weekly: Food Orleans: 80 percent Obama: While President Barack Obama was soundly thumped statewide by GOP

Charlie Gasparino: Obama Win Means Wall Street Layoffs Coming  via

Sports Fan Read Pippen sees MJ comparison in Obama's game

Since when did President Obama mandate the price of gas?? #PleaseExplain

Mitt Romney administration might have pushed to eliminate a cap on foreign ownership of airlines.  Federal law h

Maybe Christie  Obama can have another photo op shoveling snow.

call me mitt romney but I'm not a big believer of abortions

2012Election: Obama's Complete Presidential Victory Speech. Touching, as usual

Whoever voted for Romney, I lose ALL respect for youuu! :DD

I told Romney he should've gone with Robert Donat's speech from THE 39 STEPS. He didn't listen.

looks like it should be framed in velvet over an overweight Obama voters living room sofa

Why Obama won. 3) You can't win a national campaign when your party is viewed as the party of angry White guys and submissive women.

If we could just get it to hit/hurt Obama voters!!!!!

Fuck Obama! Fuck that Asshole-- fuck you

Mitt Romney Should Have Been #MyPresident

The Mayans were right we are going to die this year because obama is back in office

Time-share mogul, after warning workers an Obama vote threatened their jobs,

I asked him where he got it but he didn't know cause his wife got it for him haha but we sat and talked shit about Obama fotever

Obama-Biden, high five! See what happened when offered that up at a Republican election party. Hilarious!

Feels good to see Obama win again. Thought they was going to pull the George Bush, Al Gore move.

Glad Obama won - Global Warming may be taken seriously by USA now.

#11/24 Come Celebtate Obama Victory !!!! Presidential #AllBlackDiamonds 11/24 Kudeta w  w Mixtape release

Republican House says its open to higher taxes in a deal with Obama and pigs fly  #uspoli

Choosing between #Romney and #Obama is like choosing what STI you would rather have!

Celtic beat Barca, Clive Dunn dies, Obama wins 2nd term, Bradley Wiggins has a bike crash. Wednesday night in one tweet.

Expats high on Obama win - Times of India  #Expats #News

Even though Obama won, I know y'all weren't about to move to Canada of he didn't. So hush and stop blowing up Facebook with all that.

Good morning Malaysia. Is Guantanamo Bay prison close? If haven't, please do as what you promised, Mr. Obama. If yes, thank you very much!

On Bay Meadows Rd at a Shell station in Jacksonville, Fl. Pres Obama hanging.Spread the word boycott shell gas

as niall tweets his love for obama obawife's plowing his wife right this second friendzoned 2.0

O'reilly came on before elections done and badmouthing romney campaign.  O'reilly just for ratings and $$

Bradley Cooper Narrates Anti-Mitt Romney Documentary  via #Election2012 #Romney #Obama #Vote

Last night 400 white students gathered to protest the re-election of president Obama at the UM, and you're saying its not about color?

I am trying 2 go 2 see Obama get sworn in this time!! I won't be stuck home watching tv with a newborn this time

absolutely you know its bushes fault,its also bushes fault we had storm sandy,and its bushes fault obama won

I wonder what ppl gonna do if obama does good.?

this white girl in my class was hellaa mad today! she was like Romney still won the popular votes!!! but bitch who president?

I will continue to work with President Obama, Netanyahu said

Any #Austin trailers give some sweet #Obama deals today?!

Joining Twitter the same day as Obama is re-elected, feel honoured mate! #ObamaBabes

Don't blame Romney: We spent billions of dollars and billions of words on an election to switch from Preside  #p2

Look like Obama oldest daughter lol!

I don't get it that half of America doesn't want a fair health care system. Do they think the poor should get sick and die? #Romney #Obama

This just in: Obama announces plans to convert from Christian to Chinese.

Free mi nigga boosie obama bra mi peoples voted for u we made sure dat u is still in office so do me a favor an free mi nigga boosoe

I want to watch Obama speech

Randy''s wed night msg after election night. (Obama re elected) se''Re

China, Pakistan, Cuba, and other contries support Obama, probably cuz they hav the same vews as him. Were democratic. They're not even close

Gas prices go up a day after obama is reelected #shady

With all these people talking about the end of the world and obama being prez again im thinking about becoming a Dooms Day Prepper.

Talking elephant reports eclipse Obama victory.

Guys, what happened last night was very tragic, but we can pull together and get through the crap that Obama is gonna pu

obama wanted to run his campaign like a business. The Democrats this time had it down to a science.They had a really good ground game

Tonight is live from DC. He'll talk with about the #fiscalcliff and why #Romney lost. 8 and 10pm ET

Guess what? There was a major stock market crash this morning. Why? Because Obama got re-elected

I would be ashamed of myself to still have my ROMNEY/RYAN bumper sticker on. #TeamObama

Two terms four years let him see them hands clap standing ovation #obama

Video: Obama supporters celebrate in Vancouver: Aaron McArthur reports from Kitsilano, where a number of U.S. Pr

So Dorraine says Obama got a win from his home state CHICAGO!! Really now Dorraine, I expect better from u. U must mean ILLINOIS!! #tvjnews

Wait ! if obama gets impeached does that mean we get stuck with Biden?

can the Obama idiot even define racist? Doubtful

Get your PRESIDENT Obama calendar now at

Obama faces Washington challenge  watch the full news

#tcot Election over, US stocks dip on challenges to come - Wall Street greeted a second Obama term the way it greete

You supply Obama?  I supply Oprah! Lol

Obama A Little Creeped Out By How Much Everyone In Kenya Celebrating Reelection Victory (The onion)

Obama, Jay-Z and Bruce hanging out together

OBAMA ! Real Nigga, All Day, By His Self, 1 Nation, 2 Tems, Fresh Cut, White House, Mitt You Ready To Go Night Night Nigga! Lol #RT

So Obama won. Many blessings for all of the people in the United States  the World.  We are one.

Miss the President Obama speech last night? Here you go

It was a lotta SALTY CRACKERS wen obama won

Some of my teachers voted for mitt so i keep saying obama then one of them was like shut up then i was like YOU MAD lol

Feels like sour grapes. It belongs to the people, but the White House is also the Obama family home  ANY 1st fam

S/o Obama for makin history again

Obama said it's time for a change! Shiiiidddd I'm saying the same damn thang..

Pop Quiz! Q: How many counties did Mitt Romney win in the great state of Massachusetts? A: 0  #Fact #Romney2012 #WakeUpPeople

#HuffPost News Financial Reform Has New Lease On Life In Second Obama Term

Congratulations: President Obama. life and success!!

A New Era in Health Care Begins - Despite the bill's flaws, its passage -- and Obama's reelection -- ensure a whole

Pics from some of the rally's I was in charge of for The Romney/Ryan campaign  Still so proud of all the

I guess it was hard for Romney to win against Santa Clause

Uncertainty Lingers For Real Estate Investors After Obama Win

Barack Obama Is Projected to Remain President of the United States: How Do You Feel?  via  81% upset!!

needs to pipe down tryna diz my nigga Obama on fb. bush fucked us over my niggas is tryna fix a mess

MT WAHH MT Nxt time reporters ask abt his mandate, Obama shd reply, open-minded as he is, he prefers Michelle

Claire and Cliff Huxtable = Michelle and Barack Obama. #Obama #TheCosbyShow

social media 3 Ways Obama#39;s Digital Marketing Won the Internet and the Election

was crying over twitter last night. use a dollar bill to wipe your penny shaped tears. #OBAMA

We love you. How about President  asking Romney to be in charge of Obamacare?

This lady in kenya named her twins Barack Obama and Mitt Romney. What an idiot like for real.

my brother wife is a white republican and i love her to death but her stupid ass posts about Obama bout to piss me TF off.

hold on yall cnn just said mitt romney may ask for a recount in the votes this is fuck up

Can I just say right now I like Romney better than my mother

your an idiot Obama did better because his ground game started a year and a half earlier Obama didn't have to go through a primary

Remember this moron? Man gets Romney Campaign logo tattooed on forehead  via

deal. If I win you have to say that Obama is the greatest.

I sure as fuck hope you didn't vote Romney or Obama if prop 37 wasn't up to your standards lol

We Vote for Obama, We Voted for the Man himself. Not all about the issues. For the President

also all the rich celebrities in california, who supported Obama, do realize they will be tax targets for Obama, right?

What did Obama say to Michelle when he proposed to her!??? I don't wanna be Obama self lmao. #lame

dude im taller than barack obama..that's too bad. now i can't date him. #shucks

TopNews: Harlem cheers as President Obama delivers a K-O - They knew he'd won before he won. In a city of blackouts

An Obama Peace Sign Button? Never saw that.

RT: US teenager  gains infamy in Australia for her comments on Obama's re-election.   #election2012

Obama totally just intercepted Romney's Joint forever.

I heard Romney was planning on getting rid of fake hairboy that would've been a sight to see half these black girls without they're w

I don't know why y'all mad.. Obama looks out for all people . Romney wasn't worried about middle or lower class. So

Watch Miami is gonna try and sign Obama as the president of the franchise or someshit

Pres. Obama survives by a hair, with full blown collapse now possible the day after election.  Dow falls over 300

Key  Peele - Obama  Luther Victory Speech:

Obama is President for another four years. So we ain't got no WORRIES!

World leaders are vying for favor as President Obama embarks on a second term with many major issues unresolved from the first.

U know #Obama is destroying Michelle's pussy tonight #2TermZ

Lls Jay left me a voice mail laughing me out Obama won

Sorry, just confused about your tweet, are you for or against Obama?

prime example of the MSM on the pocket of Democratsits gotten worse under Obama

You think we could just ask Romney if he wouldn't mind creating those 12 million jobs anyway..I don't know, we

Black ppl in Louisiana woulda been ok with Obama losing if they would have legalized marajuana #Fact

Remarkably, 68,000 Wyomings actually voted for Obama. I wonder if they are allowed to admit it out loud. #p2

New Obama term neutral for non-profit hospitals: Moody's - Business Times (subscription)  #nonprofit

Obama doesn't deserve to be in office. He got voted in for being black #letsbereal

is a phoney, he cant sing for nothing, he likes Mitt Romney ;( . He is nobody who smells like a$$. He is a woman.

i bet you Donald Trump is blaming Obama for the weather too.

Obama and Romney should have just played a FIFA 13 best of three. Winner take all. #ConstitutionalAmendment #WeThePeople

I will Bask in The Glory of President #OBAMA'S VICTORY !

thinks the Dems assinat Mitt's character! I will call it suicide by truth! #gotv #Obama #fox

Obama gets to work on 'fiscal cliff' - from The Financial Review :

Damn right! We are rebooting! // Post Obama Win, Tea Party Not Backing Down     #tcot #gop

Romney doesn't deserve the verbal shellacking coming from the Tea Party. They are so dysfunctional and ought to switch to decaf #jussayin

so dude asked if Obama was gonna get another inauguration

I'm still happy Obama won it still hasn't sunk in yet that Obama won reelection

Romney- Asian vote-down from McCain. Kept pounding China. Any connection?  Hispanic vote-down from McCain. Kept pounding borders. Coinkydink

and yes i am happy that Obama won

Tragic StoryA man killed his family  self at the thought of Obama winning the election..RIP

Military Absentee Ballots Delivered 1 Day Late, wld Have Swung Election 4 Romney  #tcot #p2 #twisters #lnyhbt #WTF

Read ur latest FHC  concur. Exit poll dissatisfaction with issues does not line up w O numbers  Romney gets 2.5M      1/2

So Romney Said He Would Have TAken Away Pads And Tampons.So Like Wtf?' You Want Girls Too Have Too Bleed All Over Their Selfs. D:

Technically the election hasn't happened yet. The electors don't vote till December. Romney still has a chance if the electors lied.

talked to my boss today he was just as devastated as we! He goes even if we get rid of Obama after this that him  Hillary will

Local lawmakers: Bipartisanship a must in Obama's second term - Inside NoVA  #wethepeople

I'm so sick of people complaining that people are complaining! Last I heard Obama hasn't revoked the first amendment yet, so complain away!

#Obama tweets victory in 2012 Presidential Election before Speech  - a radical shift fr the usual! *thumbs-up*

#TopReasonsLindseyDidntVote Obama didn't fly his grandma to America for the election.

Just saw an old white lady with a Romney sticker on the back of her car.sucks for her lol

I would love it if we could actually tie all the major networks into all the wrong doing that enhanced this Obama Victory..

Another vision for free: The U.S. president after 2016 will still be called Obama.

President Obama gives a shout-out to Mentor girl battling leukemia on election night /via

There he is again. I'm definitely voting for that Obama dude. #EdShow

It's great to be American today!!! Obama 4 more years and Gay marriage and Pakalolo legal in Washington State Puff Puff Pass baby:)

The 6 year old I babysit requested this as her bedtime story and her 8 year old sister is watching Obama's s

My roommate is making me do my homework -__- Im waitin for Obama woman!!!! lol

If Romney was president he would cure abortions #southernprincessprobz

Since we can't win elections it's time to boycott all liberals- all ppl who supported Obama, companies, movies, tv m

I witnessed Obama leaving the crib riding down to 47th on the way to the airport. I recorded it but I keep getting uploading errors *shrug*

Barack Obama: Best is yet to come. It takse really slow people a whole lot of time to deliver the goodies.

Scary to see how close the margins were last night. Hope the swing voters decided to go blue after seeing Obama's exceptional victory speech

I have an idea.  Why Doesn't Obama (const. scholar), hold bi-partisan meetings to check the constitutionality of new l

We all Geeked Obama Has Won, But Everybody Needs To Make A Personal Change, Starting With Violence, Drama x Being L

Remember GOD is in control, there is a reason he allowed Obama to win. Wait and see. Pray for GOD's protection and f

that's because he is so busy being a shill for Obama that he doesn't realize what's going on around him.

Next: the demographics key to #Obama's victory plus a panel of Republicans on how their party needs to change #ac360

my family has 5 union members. We all came together along with friends to vote for Pres. Obama. So happy today.

I blame Obama if we have school tm with 10 inches of snow.

while we ANXIOUSLY wait for Obama's speech

who goes for Romney common know

Y'all really need to show some respect for Obama. He's the president whether you like it or not. Get over it.

Obama aint shit and he aint saying nothinnn

unbelievable. look, Republicans, it's over. your guy lost. quit demonizing Obama and forecasting how he'll destroy the country.

Dowd says Romney would not have run for president if not for his father's influence #com110

George bush is related to Hugh Hefner , and Obama is related to Osama bin Ladin fucking stupid asses

19% of white evangelicals voted for Obama. People's politics aren't monolithic by religion.

#NigerianDailyNews: Obama wins second term, Romney concedes defeat: President Barack Obama had little time  #NEWS

Obama Victory Opens Iran Negotiation Window  via

A guy on my road replaced his Romney sign with a Chinese flag. #wow

Fox news, Romney lost because he's too moderate? Actually that's probably why Obama won, he's more moderate.

Its funny how people that goes for Romney still can't get over that Obama won.

Barack Obama Singing Can't Touch This by MC Hammer [OT] | iPhones and iThings

Caceris said he mad Romney lost but Barack still Gus niggah

Those things they don't like about Obama won't even affect their lives, besides its their own choice to do it or not.

#bus355 #Dow falls 312 after #Democrat #Obama win  Presidential Puzzle paper contradicts

idk why republicans are mad about obama getting elected hes center right and gonna make damn near the same tax cuts as romney was going to

got kicked out of class today for calling Mitt Romney a pussy felt bad but ohh weell #polticsprolbems

David Simon | Barack Obama And The Death Of Normal  (via Instapaper)

ridin round yellin Obama WON Bitchhhh !

we need 2 rise up  resist57 MILLION voted against Obama  the Bush's need 2 get out

Am tired of media pundits: it's never going to be like the 1st time Obama got elected. You can only ever be 1st once. #GetOverIt

All Obama needs to do is put a foot in his wife's ass. Your HUSBAND won. Not you. Stay outta our lunch menus

Just got called a nigger bc obama won last night smh good ol IU salty bitches lol

Obama Win Gets Thumbs-Up From U.K. Finance Pros: But at least one economist offers him words of warning.

with all due respect, Sen. McCain needs to abolish his HATE first! I disagree Lanny! Graham accused Obama of treason!

Today I've not encountered anything outside of fb that elections were yesterday. Business as usual w/ Obama and no mass panic w/ Romney? lol

You're not alone! Especially seeing all those miniature American flags at Obama event last night.

Check this out quickly before it's taken down: Romney had a website set up for the transition

when people call romney voters sexist and racist #smh #youlookSOstupid

#JeremyScahill and #DennisKucinich: In #Obama's 2nd Term, Will Dems Challenge U.S. #Drones, Killings?  #democracynow

Mayfair Academy would like to congratulate President Barack Obama  First Lady Alum Michelle Oba

.I'm Lowkey tired of errbody screaming Fuck Obama like dead ass tho

my pastor is tripping me out about Obama

Lol my coworker is rambling about how Obama is the anti-Christ.. Um if that were true. He'd actually be a good president. #technically

My mom really thought she was funny telling me Romney won this morning. Giving people heart attacks

Health Care Reform Lives: What Obama Must Do To Ensure It Thrives  via

unless you're Mitt Romney's descendant

Bush screwed us over in the first place you cant blame ALL of it on Obama

Who wouldnt vote for Obama? Like really, this man is awesome!

Ha. A rising demographic? Unmarried women were 23% of the electorate. Voted almost 70% for Obama. #NJDayAfter

Follow The Daily Ticker on Facebook! When President Obama and the new Congress begin to tackle important legislation

5 major stories media will discover after election: Now that the election is over, one thing is  #tcot #obama #P2

Hahahahahahaha  Projected: #Obama has won; America has lost.

obama should srsly consider branching out into the rap career his stage name can be 2termz

I'm a 30yo married atheist who voted for mr Obama for the second time. I am what America is becoming. Dems have my back.

Pippen describes Election Day hoops with Obama  NBA Philippines  #nba

some1 w/ more business exp. 2 lead the US  the world even outta this #recession. But Obama did strike a hi note w/ Hispanics, a

romney is synonymous w/ the auto industry of old - pure muscle, no efficiency/effectiveness. Obama campaign was like a jap car

Well America, strap in for the Failure Train. Your train conductor, Mr. Obama, will be guiding us to Crapville in a matter of days.

#2termz a little late but glad this election turned out how it did. At least were not taking ten steps back. #obama #dem2012 #fourmore

Some Good Economic News: Gun Makers See Sales Boom After Election  #4moreyears hey look! Obama finally made some jobs!

Of course the unemployment rate doesn't bother Obama supporters. They're prob unemployed and supported by us hard workers ;) what a life!

Labor Unions Deliver For Obama With Post-Citizens United Ground Game  via

she said my tweet was dumb cos i asked did obama win !  her and sum other girl had some tweets abt me at 3 am

Ima say it one more time today OBAMA BITCHS! Lmao

Niggas Getting Obama tatted on them? .Really?

Even tho Romney didn't win bitchs is still going to have baby's with or with out them birth control pills

I wonder how many innocent pure angels will be killed thanks to obama  his love for abortion. RIP angels. #abortion

except for obama. i believe in this nigga 3

no report on the classy Romney supporters trashing, wishing death  violence on Johnson supporters /or Chris Christie?

It's sportsman like of Mitt to congratulate Obama he won fair  square others should be happy for him too!

Just came to the realization that maybe the reason Obama won the election was because he who made the mess should clean it up!

BANDZ MAKE HER DANCE FOOD STAMPS WILL MAKE HER TWERK OBAMA JUST WON SO HOES DONT HAVE TO WORK.

IF YOU VOTED FOR ROMNEY THEN YOU DESERVE TO continue to enjoy your day while i might not agree with ur views it is not ok to wish death on u

well I know that. I'm not being technical. I'm making a point. I hate Obama.

~I've made no bones about it, I don't like Obama because he lies and cheats. He wants to tax what isn't his and give it to his minions.

I don't blame Romney. I blame you, Jen Rubin  all those who insisted he was only one who could beat O

Lying Dems keep saying Super Pac money didn't change the election. That's where the low vicious Romney/Bain/killed my wife, ads came from.

#WhyRelationshipsEnd cause your partner is a republican .and Obama is still president

Obama win seen to affect local BPOs (Call Center)  via #fb

US Presidential Elections 2012: A 12-year-old American argues why Obama is a  - Economic Times: Economic Time

Obama and Civil Liberties: The Prospect of Four More Years, from Research Fellow Anthony Gregory.

Romney lied and beat around the bush with a lot of shit but I feel him on making these goes get up and work for once

Riding the anger of people and a series of lies and deception Barack Obama is elected.

323-206 and my republican friends said landslide to Romney ha.

So it's quite clear why you moved out of Kentucky, huh? Romney 60%? The horse whisperer?  #DUH

That man killed me this morning trying to give a speech about Obama

There's a picture of #Romney crying on the CNN website XD

I realise he wouldn't be in the job if he wasn't, but Obama's speechwriter is a genius. Victory speech from last night is fantastic.

PRAYED TO GOD YESTERDAY MORNING FIRST DAY WHEN I GOT UP FOR OBAMA AND THE U.S, AND LOOKED WHAT! GOD IS GOOD TO ALL OF US! #OBAMAFOREVER

In reality, the title of Mrs. President is currently held by Michelle Obama.

Email to #Romney: Wish You Had Won!: Hi Mitt, I feel so sad about the election results. I've ne  #Gop #tcot #tlot

I remember a littlr bit ago i said i would laugh at mitt romneyha ha ha ha ha i knew you would lose #obama

What It Is: Vol. 59 | Barack Obama Re-Elected, Election Drama, Nicki Min:  via

ALOT OF TRUTH Here. I need the Dr.  prescriptions so I am SAD to see the plan that Obama has for our country to

God and Mit Romney will punish all the homosexuals for their anal transgressions. So sayeth the book of revelations.

- Bias Alert: CBS's Schieffer: Obama Win 'No Stamp of Approval' For Agenda; Spotligh  #tcot #TeaParty #p2

if  Romney had same turn out as McCain in 08, he would have won. Dont use your position to push amnesty for illegals

For Zazzle customers Obama president of America Jewelry Boxes

im not necessarily a fan of obama either, but that doesnt make it ok to just start throwing around racial slurs.

and someone wanted to argue with me about why Romney  Obama but she didn't even know how the gov't worked period.

Love your tweets about Obama.

JUST INCASE Y'ALL STILL FEEL SOME TYPE OF WAY! #Obama

President Barak Obama! I congratulate you and your family on your extraordinary VICTORY for the white house! Stand Strong!!! God Bless you!

We ! Will Never Ever Everrrrr Have Romney For President (x #Obama

At least Russia is in reasonably safe hands. Putin not fooled easily. He isn't going to can the rearmament program for Obama.

You're no white princess, black people doesn't need any of this, and besides Obama is better at everything than Romney.

So many people throwing Romney under the bus Guys, HE'S NOT THE PROBLEM. Our party is the problem.

Obama's mentor was a communist that was thought to be so deeply dangerous that the FBI listed him as a threat to America. #thinkaboutthat

the problem with bill oreily  all those fox pundits along with Romney is that they believe that they r entitled cuz they r white.

Boil Water, Eat Barack Obama xD#NotARasistJoke #ThingsWeFindOnTwitter

Sounds good to me!!! Also, how about Romney for that secretary of business position??

I see you Obama with the middle finger up you aint slick lol #teamobama

President Obama's in need of a slow jam

My mother was bashing Michelle Obama's outfit from last night. I had to stop watching TV  shell..

Do people seriously not know or are they just stupid? Obama has brought more debt in the 1st term than the rest of the presidents combined

I can't believe Spielberg has already made a movie about Romney starring Daniel Day Lewis

The Pundits are wrong, Romney lost because 51% of America is ignorant of the truth and the American way and

'The single most important thing we want to achieve is for President Obama to be a one-term president.' - get bent, Mitch McConnell.

I am going to use Dr. Arn's explanation of what Romney could have said during the debate about regs and lawsLOVE IT!!!!

Obama's anger translator is my favorite Key  Peele bit

Obama jeopardizes and kills U.S. military and security lives and operations. They want him to shut-up. RT.

Romney used to be Sandys governer .. Lmao

Drove through Venice today.. I seen a lot of long faces..  They mad out here .. #Obama

You know what would be nice  Obama, People like me I support a family of 6 with only 1 in town I can't afford health insurance

Obama is going to move is forward and is going to do the right thing for this country.

Congratulations to Obama. He won fair and square to have a second term to be president of all 58 states.

Inside election intel: Obama support machine on election day so vast and so calculated it was scary and no way Romney c

something good happened last night, will economy come back ? no matter who is pres time is needed, but outcome w/o Romney better

Romney should have spent his campaign funds on Applebee's gift cards. Quickest way to America's heart is though its morbidly obese stomach.

Obama lovers are ignorant.  Do your research beyond censored tv.  You will sick about what you will find.

just beg Obama for a new one?

I still have obama's talking heads(with no brains) harassing me even with the election over. Shameful.

Just in case you haven't heard yet, Obama won.

Wowwww just saw a picture of Obama during one of the debates, he was wearing an earpiece!! Why have I never heard about that?!!!

I knew Obama won wen I walked outside nd saw the local neighbors drinking o wait they do that shit everyday #getajob

Diane Sawyer's odd election coverage: Relive President Obama's re-election through the best and oddest media mom

Vt. voters react to Obama victory

shes getting on my nerves omfg its like romney and obama

So, I am glad that Romney isn't our president, but I am really glad that Paul Ryan isn't our VP. #canigetanamen

Lol. Obama wants to ban hunting. Let's see how many redbecks like that??? (-:

lmao  BSO: Sixers Lavoy Allen Voted For Romney Then Used Loss To Try to Sleep With Stacey Dash htt

Yall are so happy about Obama until you see how high those taxes are! lmao

Isn't the mystery why Romney did so *well* in Ohio (2pt loss) while getting hosed elsewhere-eg WI/CO/IA? #thatstheticket

Was told a rumour that Bill is all in on the Obama campaign in exchange for their support in 2016.

- my president is BLACK , I love OBAMA .

Many of us passed that test. Now it our time to live faithfully and endure to the end. Our reward is waiting. Obama is their reward.

GUCCI NEEDA TELL ROMNEY ITS OVEAAAA..

ICYMI: Mitt Romney had his transition website prepared and ready if he'd won   #thankfullythatdidnthappen

FANTASTIC piece by Wire's David Simon: Barack Obama And The Death Of Normal

america is struggling because Bush left a flaming bag of shit on Obama's front step. #Obama

Have you ever felt like a passenger on a Ship of Fools?  Obama won the Catholic vote along with the women's vote. http

Obama's simplicity and humble background is his strength. His anti business image is a liability.

your missing the point Romney is asking for and 8year plan to save the economy so clearly he cant do it in 4 years neither

Hoes want a man like #Obama but done showed errthang but their pancreas. Just be a mistress bcuz u aint wife material. #RAS

Obama won the popular vote by 1mil+. You can stop yelling now.

No one is reporting on the marijuana thing.  Fla oh and mass .  Did this fuel obama vote.  If anyone has the answer its you. Please report

#jeffkent, retired #MLB player, just made the most ignorant statement about taxes and #Obama Glad he's off!

Ahh well he likes Obama so I dern't   Kere! we don't associate  with his kind lol jkjk :P

Updated blog post: Obama the Second - Haaretz:

Obama and his wife. Partial birth abortions. Good choice America. #NOOOOT

well Obama is what I have to deal with for the next four years so we will see where I go. Had a nice little article war with ya;)

a lady at my moms job cut her hair off cuz obama won tf were u thinkin?

In case you haven't heard: about 400 Old Miss students hold anti-Obama rally  it gets racial.

Romney - what went wrong? - New Zealand Herald

What would Obama do? - Jared D

But I'm like shut the fuck up hoe Romney didn't win #WeDGAFRadio

Obama's drones reportedly run Linux. The engineers told Obama it already has all the drivers built in [pun /]

Romney didn't lose because of Romney he lost because of the CRAZY RADICAL RIGHT IDEOLOGY!!! It could have been ANY Republic

Agree! #GOD 1st Always Sad though, #Obama believes he IS an idol to worshipNot in MY Country. Nor in The #Bible, AnyWhere

No riots after Romney looses Hmmmm

Currently reading Rep. Sessions: Country In Trouble Unless Obama 'Matures in His Thinking'

#2012election #Obama We now live in occupied America. If we survive as a nation we will look back at this as the greatest mistake ever.

East coast having hurricanes and floods, they are talking about Obama's wardrobe

guys obama killed my dog

I've come face to face with someone more cruel and fucked up that Mitt Romney! But in the end ima come up like Obama believe that homie !

Wish there was a dislike button on Facebook so I could dislike all these Obama statuses #disappointment #badpresident

My dads so on edge that Obama won that he can't even sit still for more than 5 minutes.

I know Kinda late here but dude if you think Obama is some hero he isn't. He will take us to Hell too

thats a sign of #change OBAMA was right lol

Great victory. It was 2am in Panama when Mr Obama finished his speech, excellent speech. It was touching!

I lost 3 followers because Obama won yesterday  #haters

Today has to suck for Jeff Kent what with his elimination episode airing after #Obama wins (see: his elimination confessional). #Survivor

Like omg Obama won? Like whattt? Like omg I am soooo moving to Canada. Like how did he even win? #SHUTYOURFUCKINGMOUTH #CANADASUCKSASS

Hahahahhah, people who don't like Barack Obama

This is great news, Bibi believes he is the Messiah! Obama may set him straight. Harper won't.

We have to figure out why 2 Million Less voters turned out for Romney than McCain.. Unless you know, if so, please tell.

So the people who are screwed were screwed by your side - and you blame Obama - they don't! Shows who is smarter!

With crowd turnout greater than O's first round, how is it Romney got less votes thanMcCain? Only fraud would acct.

WELL I WOULD HAVE VOTED FOR OBAMA IF I WAS ALLOWED TOO SO I AM OKAY WITH OBAMALAND.

kaybee: shhhhh. i hear something. me: mm, ok. kaybee: that nigga Romney crying. me' LMAOOOOO ! CTFU.

Victory!4 all here n the free world 4 countries who wanted 2 C us win.We R still a good world model thanks 2 Mr. Pres. Obama!!

not all But there are a lot of people that do take advantage of the govt. and with Obama it allows them to continue to.

you say it's not ok to be gay I think you're just evil you're just a racist who can't tie my laces your point of view is medieval.#Romney

It really pisses me off that these republicans losers say. That Obama gives away free stuff which isn't true .

Okay Shit , OBAMA Won Last Night' STOP FUCKING TALKING BOUT ROMNEY SHEESH, Yall Getting Annoyingg !

And birth control. I'm for free Obama supporter birth control, I do not want these people to reproduce.

Y'all racist bitches shut up real quick I can hear the crickets #obama

Niggas gon party for Obama tonight at #3daHardWay . ..

I made the terrible mistake of looking at that Wayne Obama picture you just retweeted D=

He made a big MITstake going againest Obama.

WHO.CARES.THAT.OBAMA.WON. Stop crying about it, it's not gonna make Mitt president.

Actually Obama is white! If you disagree, step up  let me know at what % someone is AA, and what makes you think you aren't?

#Politics Kergan Edwards-Stout: Obama's Victory And The Aftermath Of 'Please Defriend Me': This electi  #HiTechCJ

Bernie Goldberg is wrong.  The key to R rebound not ignoring pro-life and marriage. McCain  Romney tried that already. #DontAbandonShip

I need the Obama album right now

A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Wednesday, the day after President Barack Obama wa

The vote means that we should resist  obstruct Obama's tyranny#HannityLive

i supported him cuz i dont like obama and dont puh-lease me! and fine but i dont wanna do it tomorrow

Our bedtime story of choice tonight #obama

hahaha:'D Arizona is stupid then, because Romney wants war and womans rights would be fucked so yeah! Romneys an asshole, a big 1!

This man crazy-- i think this is a threatSore loser Trump calls for revolution against Obama

iknow obama is role model obama the election

If Romney wins let's make #FuckRomney a trending topic OKAY? RETWEET!!!!!!(:

Really hope Obama decides to actually help this country this term #godhelpus tired of hearing him say thesame shit from 1stterm #dosomething

Obama Is Going To Win ! I Have Faith .

I wish we had a president and he was obama

#Maddow Yes! We elected Pres Obama so we will not have #ACA (Obamacare) repealed or have RoevWade overturned. Medicare &am

anyone who voted for Obama may as well be a terrorist

wisdom of a child. my 4 yr old was watching obama victory speech and when he said we are moving forward jakob yells out 'backward!!!'

Photo: colfersfreckles: Obama won!! This is an old post but I promise to draw wonder fluffy klaine

not really. He just proved he was an ass because I'm pretty sure Obama didn't invent income tax.

Black Love: Barack and Michelle Obama - Black Love: Barack and Michelle Obama By Charli Penn First Impressions In th

I hope Rush Limbaugh got his shit together for his move to CanadaI hope he takes the rest of the Obama haters with him

me too! I was hoping he would win. They kept saying that the votes per state leaned in Obama's direction. It was a very nice speech!

At Cheesecake Factory and I can sense a lot of Romney voters

Somebody told me that Obama is going to be president again

Bad news is  Obama was a Marxist America-hater before yesterday  now has 'flexibility' to act without worry of ree

I bet the guy who writes Obama's speeches is none other than Bruno Mars. Most beautiful string of words imaginable.

I'm done with all the political tweets. Obama won. Get over it. You're immature complaints aren't going to change that FACT.

I see a lot of republicans wanting to move out of the U.S. since Obama was re-elected. Fuck that, I'm moving to Colorado.

What does this do?  I do not know but thanks to obama you are paying for it!

Considering Obama's record of disregarding the Constitution and trampling on personal privacy let us hope that

Well, the stock market reacted unfavourably to Obama's victory and Gold price is inversely related to stock market index :-)

Talking trash on Obama isn't going to change the fact that he IS our president for the next four years. Might as well #getusedtoit

We are so thrilled that you and Pres.Obama will remain in the Whitehouse for four more years! We need and

Can't wait for the #2016election, kinda hope romney runs.

but their core demo is no longer big enough to win. McCain and Romney's campaigns both proved it.

Romney campaign was absent from Broward County

[shared] Oh This'll Just Be Splendid:  Obama May Levy Carbon Tax To Reduce Debt, Says Bank Holding Company HSBC

GUYS GUYS!!! Remember that guy Mitt Romney? Me either!

I Want That Obama  Michelle Relationship

OMG  Obama's re-election speech reminded me of moment in The Lion King when Scar takes over the Pridela

In retrospect, I think one of Romney's flaws was his kindness. With someone as low and dirty as Obama, being mean is a necessary factor. IMO

Last night the #falseprophets , fake #pundits lost haters like #DickMorris got buried in the mud slide he predicted for #Obama..wishes hmmm!

Here's the video - University Of Mississippi Students 'Riot' Over Obama Reelection (VIDEO)  via

Romney spent 800 million dollars to not be president. I spent nothing  got the same results. Who's the better busi

Breaking News: Romney, Dalrymple post North Dakota wins

I'm sorry America couldn't have the benefit of having Mitt Romney as president

ZIG ZAG TO OBAMA! ZIG ZAG TO OBAMA!

Dont Fucking Bring Up Obama Or Romney Tomorrow .I Swear To God I Will Individually Send You All Rabid Sea Turtles Through Fed Ex .

Ah ha, this is why Obama won!!

Martin Luther King had a Dream.Barack Obama is the Dreamafter being reelected (11-06-2012).. 4 More Ye

Obama has pretty children c:

CBS Obama Win 'No Stamp of Approval' For Agenda; Spotlights 'He Almost Lost The Popular Vote' |

I finished that shit obama saved sesame street

Latino groups to Obama: You owe Latinos the election, now pass immigration reform | The Ticke

Obama is the president. I hate to break it to you, but there is nothing you can do about it now so how about you stfu.

Latin American left celebrates Obama's win: From Caracas to Havana to La Paz, President B  (

First its black on black.now that Obama won the electionwhites hate our ass tooyou may not like one another but respect each other

Obama got his revenge--unfortunately, it's on all of the USA

As for Romney, he said it well when he conceded that maybe his leadership was headed to another direction.

So why did Obama win? Are people blind and not see that he never benefited our country?

If millions of people voted for Obama, then clearly he's doing something right.

i would fuck Ann Romney so hard #ageisjustanumber

LMAO Area Code 702 comment. And hell no, I wouldn't answer that call if I was Mr.Romney. #maddow

Obama won the popular vote by 3 million votes after California was added to the totals: Obama 59,583,302 to 56,960,530

I have to give it to Obama he did react fast when that hurricane hitmost likely because it effected us

lol lets be nice but yeah obama wooh

Obama didnt win a single state with voter id laws, minorities were confused about requirements

Romney's pledge to reach across the aisle did nothing but make many realize that we would have compromise  more spending with no solutions.

LOL this white guy says obama win cause the population of white is the minority against black smh

The president of the radical believes that Romney lost because he wasnt antichoice enough despite America favoring abortion rights

Best demo for Obama out of 10 #exitpolls has: black women in North Carolina - 99 to 1

I can hear the Republican establishment now. Romney was too conservative, if only we nominated Jon Huntsman!!

CONGRATS pres. OBAMA! Hope you don't support socialism:D Congrats from Honduras

- You know Gallup is bad when they have Obama down by 6 and stop polling for 4 days and return with him by 1 and still wrong

I understand that DOJ was suing to prevent military ballots from being processed. Oh well Obama owns this now. No more blaming BUSH

should take that WACK ass Romney pic down and put a pic if her stunning face back up

when 110 million people vote - mostly for Obama - administrative errors occur.

Hey, Obama won. Get over it.

So the priest that said God spoke to him and said Romney's gonna win the election must feel real stupid.

If Obama would hard freed Boosie he would have won a month ago.

Obama wins election, continues bombing middle east #eternalwar  #fb

BREAKING: NYC and DC restaurants overwhelmed by diners paying off election bets. Can't say they'd be so busy had Romney won. Cheap ass #p2

That's where we need to go. Now, we will disagree, sometimes fiercely, about how to get there.#Obama

I ain't afraid to say it. Fuck Obama.

Didn't Obama have to show ID in Illinois?

Women who vote Romney are knowingly voting away their rights over their own bodies and their equality. What an atrocious f

I agree all red  he lost isn't right but as I've been told the blue ones Obama won are his welfare  ones who want free stuff

oops, thats like me saying you didnt vote for obama because hes black

I know Michelle Obama throwing that ass back for Obama tonight now that he won .

I'm begging: Please stop this Political nonsense. Obama won, Romney lost. I promise we'll survive. Now stop. Please.

Someone must have told u that was what Obama inherited when he was elected. It's going to take more than 4 yrs to gt us back

Obama has proven he can be president of a country for perhaps 8 years. You couldn't be president of a college for 2 years.

My admiration for Mitt Romney was so great. My heart is broken, i thought he was going to be one of the best this countries had.

so pat robertson on just said that if only white people voted romney would have won. not racist at all.

we have to build TO be ready for mid term races in 2yrs can stop OBAMA IN THE HOUSE  SENATE TIME TO GET READY

we the Latino people love you and President Obama! it was a pleasure voting for him!

I was told I looked like I could be Obama's daughter today hahahaa

Goodness people as much as I want Romney to win the election is over, so you can all stop now. There's nothing you can change.

World is gonna end, Obama is president again.. #forrealthough

loving obama even more after looking at all of these pictures

Most Ron Paul supporters (70%) I know were just as anti-Romney as they were anti-Obama.

93% of black people in the US voted for Obama. Real question is who did the other 7% vote for? Hint: They're in jail

Ohh That's Wassup And Basically My Teacher Was Angry Because I Said Obama Is That Nigga And Told Him To Shut The Fuck Up .

All the players on the Nets bench got the Romney face right now They disrespecting Brooklyn's name!

Photo: thegentlemaninthetophat: notsufferingfrominsanity: THIS STILL MAKES ME SAD CANADA HAVE FAITH Obama

Someone should have introduced Team Romney to the concept of the dev server.

no, he's running are country into the ground. He's done nothing good besides healthcare. Not saying Romney would do better

Romney blasted after loss not campaigning as a conservative  Obama blames Bush the same way Repubs blame Romney-shameful

What's more is that his campaign was soley based on bashing Romney instead of giving us any indication as to how he plans to

Obama is a thug just saying Nd better then Romney

I read earlier that Romney's wife is secretly glad that she doesn't have to move into a smaller house.

I have mitt romney feels

Even if you don't like Barack Obama, it's impossible not to fall in love with Michelle. She's an extremely admirable person.

Obama won today. Does this mean gets to stay ???

President Obama Comacho to the Rescue  Activist Post #News

Even tho the Prez won S/o to the Idiots think that your vote doesnt count.President Obama lost the state of NC by 15 votes..#EveryVoteCounts

Lamenting on the fact that we won't have the benefit of having Mitt Romney at the helm.I

EU Leaders Stress 'Close Cooperation' With Obama on Security, Economy..IN OTHER WORDS WE ARE FUCKED ! #NWO

The only reason Obama won was because the blacks wanted a black president to serve a second term. They don't care

Hey Tim Tebow, How did Obama's number go up when the job's workers got off work? Didn't you say that was the only reason for Obama's lead?

Health Care Reform Lives: What Obama Must Do To Ensure It Thrives - Huffington Post

Welcome In case coryblocker and didn't warn you, don't mention the words Obama or blue states

I bet babies in the womb know Obama won

Tell me why I called that this SouthPark episode would be about Obama winning the election

I literally just heard somebody say on tv that they are glad hurricane sandy happened because it helped Obama win , WOW!!! #tiredofpolitics

red is the people who voted republican aka Romney and blue is democratic aka Obama.

This will have to be ratified by the Senate, and requires 60 votes. Obama will not get Republican

If every person that I heard bitch about Obama today would have voted yesterday Mitt might have had a chance

Niall From 1D says he's in love with Obama. Aw.

Congratulations to President Obama! Mitt Romney sorry for your lost, but please know a lot of us love and respect you!

Romney is not racist but he just doesn't care about poor people. And I am in the upper class.

if i sprout a penis i have first dibs on you when obama legalizes gay love. #youcanwearthedressifyouwant

Second term will be the Bing Obama golf term.

Did y'all hear about that guy who killed his family because Obama won.? He says he didn't want his kids growing up with a black president

I'm gonna blame everything that goes wrong in my life on Obama

#tweetyourfear Romney running for president again in 4 years

Article: After Obama win, U.S. backs new U.N. arms treaty talks After Obama win, U.S. backs new U.N. arms treaty

When I get older and have a kid, ima name him Barack Obama Abuhania

Someone from Cameron Parish just referred to the President as a monkey on my FB status. Keep it classy, Romney voters.

This radio station is playing 'No Worries' every half hour for Obama .:)

bro .. Obama should win just off this one picture.. his jumper unguardable denna hoe

Americans wanting to come to Canada because Obama believes in free healthcare and marriage equality. #uneducatedprobz

Btdubs the guy that killed his family over Obama did it back in September. He can predict the future. Still shittttty

I'm pretty sure vermin supreme would be a better president than Obama I could use a pony

A very awkward video of Netanyahu congratulating Obama - strained to say the least

He is LARGELY responsible for Obama's re-election. He is TOAST in the Repub Party. Fat bastard!

I Romney had won, he'd be the 6 Billion Dollar Man. Cobbled together from expensive parts. #maddow

Well now Romney can further his career as a Dubstep Dj. Careful though, he's been known to drop the bass too early#delayedpolitictweet

I have no idea. Prolly something designed by the Obama admin to implement socialism. #SoundsFishyToMe

59 mil voted for Barack Obama. 57 mil voted for Mitt Romney. Today we should all be American yet divisive online ugline

IF YOU ARE AGAINST OBAMA PLEASE DO NOT COMMENT ANY MORE ON MY PRO-OBAMA STATUS WITH NEGATIVE STUFF! TICKS ME OFF!!!!

just because some of us aren't for Obama, doesn't mean we are racist. #speakforyourself

Gotta work early in the am but if it's cold I'm calling in and if they ask why I'm gone say OBAMA!!!!!! and hang up lol #waytoreal

Judge me, call me racist do whatever but yes I voted for romney because Im a christian and obama's not but hey ur allowed to #worstprezever

#Romney #Rhode Island Election 2012: AP: Obama wins Romney#39;s home state  #hithotus

Yep. A fellow teacher couldn't see how I'd vote Romney when he'd cut Ed funding. I said,we're broke-Lots o

forget college, there's your profession! College ain't gonna matter anyways with Obama in office.

I hope obama does everything we fear that he will, maybe then, people will get off their lazy asses  make a REAL change in USA's direction!

excited! (watching South Park, Obama Wins! S16E14)  #SouthPark

#dear twitter: folks deleting they account because President Obama was re-elected? well if that ain't the most anti-climatic revolt!

You are good!!! Ann Colter is now twisting herself into a pretzel and she is now denouncing Romney. really?

November jobs numbers will be horrible but Obama doesn't care now.

Obama to continue efforts to curb greenhouse gases, push energy efficiency - Washington Post

4 Mo Hoe Should Be Obama Slogan

I'm still disappointed that Obama won. : (

Obama has too much swag

plz sis, she said #nomnomnom at me, so i took her out to dinner. I know everything bout her. U think those are Obama's kids? Plzz

So Obama called Republican and Democrat leaders asking for a meeting between all to fix the budget and handle taxation.

I have never been more hopeful about America. And I ask you to sustain that hope. I'm not talking about blind optimism, -#Obama

Good thing mitt Romney won the election at wildwood catholic that's all that really matters right?

OBAMA!!! OBAMA!!!!! OBAMA!!!!!!! THE KING LIVES FOR FOUR MORE YEARS!!!!!!!!! Literally like a BOSS!!!!!!!!!!!

A random 11 year old just liked my picture on instagram on Romney.

Take a look at this quick video. Romney's advisers, with all they were paid, never considered these points?

I had a 92 year old #Obama volunteer save 200 votes by standing the dark at the old polling place as guide voters to the new one!

According to Cartman, this country is changing under Obama's rule. #SouthPark

#tcot ANYTHING for OBAMA : IDIOT Chris Matthews is GLAD Sandy happened ( more than 100 dead )

#obama Only when sex had been as well as this

Lol so now President Barack Obama #reptile

Fox News: Substantially more Blacks in Ohio turned out than in 2008. So much so that if their turnout # was the same, Romney would have won.

. Morning Pucci.. Its #Obama time! .Happy 4U all  hope its a blessing for US. Check Aust story on #activatedalmonds 2day LOL.

Eric Benet: Crooning about love, tweeting about Obama

obama had a ground game next to none in this world,they had it wired tight

Call it coincidence if you are so inclined but Obama lost in every state that requires photo ID to vote. I call it election stealing.

Wall Street might need to make up with Obama  #BreakingNews #Obama #wallstreet

viewers: If last nights overwhelming win 4 Obama hasn't convinced U that Fox pundits LIE 2 U, U R lost. #tcot #gop

Romney would have me on some real strick shit, no sleepin all day no gettin my dick licked.

I feel it's very safe to say that and the gang got Ohio for Obama. Love you hard working people. (:

I heard OBAMA celebrating at TAKE1

Limbaugh lied about no longer being addicted to drugs,  moving to Canada if Obama wins.

Latino vote gives President Obama big boost: PEORIA Ill -- Latino voters gave the President a big boost in the

Global views on Obama re-election.Egyptians are not happy.

I'm sayin! Give Obama some credit man! A pat on the backSOMETHIN

Inspired by President Obama's Victory Speech? Find out the 8 powerful speech techniques he used to wow-  #publicspeaking

THERES NO MORE KOOLAID IN MY HOUSE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SOMEONE ALERT OBAMA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Whenever I heard Romney laugh, it always seemed fake and disingenuous. Like he was hiding something behind the laugh.

#OBAMA's Just The President  He's Not The Reason u Fuck Niggas Is BOKE!!! Lol#RememberDat!

only beat fuckin king could make a song called 'drop it for Obama' lol i couldn't stop listening to it

Obama's running the country..Pinapples, I don't like it! #KevinHartForPresident

My entire being has not yet unclenched from the election. The reality is hitting in slow waves. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh  repeat. #Obama!

#Obama might stop by Thanksgiving Night. .dats how hard dis shit bout 2 go!! (21+) $1 Drinks All Night!! I'm

South park is foolin.morgan freeman, micky mouse, obama, romney, ducks

Whats with everyone complaining about the US election? Clearly the Majority of the country voted Obama for a

An African Lady Had twins before the election and named them Obama n Romney lol

Five ways the mainstream Commie media tipped the scales in favor of Obama   via

Talk about dodging a bulletWhat a nightmare this could have been.Romney's Transition Site:

Southpark episode on Obama win lmfao !!!Starwars, Obama,  Southpark #Southpark!!!!!!

Since Obama took office: the DOW is up 60%, the SP is up 70% and the NASDAQ is up 95%.

Matt Romney calls dad's loss good news for family

I'm still depressed about Obama

are you glad that Barack Obama got re-elected again? i know i am :)

Thanks Voter Fraud We have Obama for the second term. God help us for the next 4 years.

When reduced under absolute Despotism, it is their right and duty to provide new Guards for their future security. #Obama #Election

HA! South Park has that flag in weave woman on behind Obama! Damn they work fast

Ke 'White House', Keluarga Obama Kompak Tampil Stylish

Are you aware that the Senate came within one vote of removing Pres. Andrew Johnson, who was a better president than Obama?

Romney should have went after obama on religious freedom re:obamacare mandates.

F.ck Romney. F.ck His Speech. F.ck The People Who Voted For Him Too *Drops Mic* *Obama Picks Up Mic* And I Approve This M

Mitt Romney probably watching this episode like Ahhh Ha! I knew it! Lol

Barack Obama re - elected. Bad drama for Right Wing. Which R will bring birthism issue again. Is the apprentice who fired lol.

lol I'm not playing like Obama's the second coming, but the last few months I think we've been making good progress

I don't give a fuc about a n*gga like Romney

romney looks like the guy from the grinch stole christmas

Stock market since Obama elected up more than 60 pct, fourth highest rise in a presidential term in US hi

South park writers mus be mad obama got 4 moe terms  ?

Surprised I haven't lost followers for admitting I voted for Romney.

Thanks America for choosing Obama back to office

Mitt Romney got 14.04% of the vote in Philly #teamphilly

If Romney wins I'm moving  to Dominican republic its been real af USA but deuces

We was gonna start us a business if Romney would of won that election

Obama exceeded 1.6M votes in Wisconsin again. Romney failed to reach Bush's 2004 (cont)

dont get it I thought you voted for Romney

If I voted Romney, he would have lost by 16.999%. I agree much more with Johnson and voted for him.

We gonna see how many of y'all vote in 4years when Barack Obama is done,  Pedro Sanchez  mitt Romney is ru

That one is pretty astounding, isn't it? Also: Clinton lost Virginia twice; Obama wins it twice.

Yessss rt if you wanted Obama favourite if you wanted Romney

Not only did Obama win so did college students, single parents oppressed women, the middle class, gays,  unwed mothers

Romney: congratulations on winningObama: u can suck on these 2 n 0 balls bitch

That obama Key  Peele skit was funny as hell hahahaha!

There's a little Kenyan baby named Mitt Romney:

Ed Miliband sent Obama his congratulations on re-election, as though he's actually going to know who he is. That's an awkward one, Ed

my aunt got mad when I changed her phone lock screen to mitt Romney

; Shoutout 2 Dr.Miller for Allowing Us 2 Watch Obama's Speech In Class Tonight !

Obama won!!! Well congrts Pakistan

GOTV is part of the game. In the end, the very end, Obama was simply a better candidate and the people chose.

My #Adelaide chat with about President Obama's victory speech has now been moved back to 2.30pm!

#keyandpeele 's impression of Obama in their weekly address always gets me

Obama made a coffin for America in his first four years now he's going to bury it underneath our debt #IDon'tWantToLiveOnThisPlanetAnymore

all the republicans are all like damnit, Obama got reelected and I'm over here like DAMNIT THERE IS STILL NO HOCKEY

Obama won the election sad,win,lose?:/

My Mixed Bag of Thoughts: Obama Won:

Romney won't call Obama to tell him Congrats and all that so Obama can't speak. Romney will be that one to want a recount -_-

I spent over year on  #GOP #Republican trail  witnessed rise  fall of #Bachmann, #Perry, #Gingrich  ultimately nomination of #Romney

What could be more frustrating than folding fitted sheets?! Oh I know, Mitt Romney losing the election for Republicans. Muahahaha

COMING UP!!! #FOX TV --REP. #ALLEN #WEST WILL TALK ABT HIS COURT RECOUNT CASE.  SUPPORT HIM!!! -me #freedomfever #obama

RT Tired of kids who don't OWN anything  don't EARN anything, telling me how great it is Obama was re-elected. #tcot

Yes, I admit I've been on Yahoo forums today being an anti-Obama troll. I need to take out my frustrations somewhere!!

be an awakening.. and apparently I'm right obama was re elected.

My teacher just went off on us for voting for Obama

at least someone cares, obama certainly doesnt!!!

Either Vote For Obama or imma fuck yo momma

Politics: Obama backer Pritzker sees 'fiscal cliff' deal taking time (reuters): Share With Friends:  |  | Politi

Lauren nichols in her feelings lol.. She wanted romney so bad. :) lol

The fact that Florida has not finished counting 24hrs after the election makes me think it will go to Obama

My Timeline:Go ObamaOne Direction breathing the same air as me!The boys at the airportNo one loves meEw Romney

What is the Future of the Keystone XL Pipeline with Obama in the White House for Four More Years? #climateSOS ht

Im not democrat. Nor am I republican. All I am doing here is defending Obama I never said I liked him I am

Obama Maps Out His Second Term -   f Staff Jacob Lew and Erskine Bowles

Post-election commentary worth reading: Whiteness as Mass Appeal:  #Obama

I'm just hoping that we'll get to see 2020: Obama's America 2: Son of America before too long. #sequelsnobodywants

#DailyFail Resentment of the Day:     Following the announcement of Obama's victory last

I knew you wanted Obama, your such a bad liar. How did it feel being in an Obama hating house hold with him being trashed?

Interesting numbers from US election e.g. Obama wins both non-high school and post-graduate vote.

Ladies: I stocked up on birth control in case Romney won. Now I'm stuck with like 700 rubbers in assorted colors and flavors. #CallMeMaybe

Ok, Enough With The Romney Jokes He Lost  Obama President For Another 4 Years!  #OKBYE

Obama campaign attack ads appeared effective - New York Daily News

My recomendation was that Romney allow/ advocate Johnson be in the debates- Win a three way race.

Romney spent $800m+ to not be President. I spent nothing for the same result. Who's the better businessman now. | lmao true

obama's kids look older then what they are

My man Barack Obama 4 more years! I am truly a proud American!!!!!!!!! :D

just know that your tax money is now sponsoring welfare recipients to get free phones.  you voted for Obama bc he gives handouts

My president's black, the sky is blue. Obama won! . . tf Romney gone do?

OBAMA IS THE DEVIL . No I will not believe in OBAMA ! HE'S KILLING US ALL!

Wow, by the time the Obama family leaves #1600PennsylvaniaAve Malia O will be a freshman in college. This just brought tears 2 my eyes.

Obama - Best is yet to come. Dow was down by more than 300pts y'day. Nifty/Sensex will follow that now..is dis Obama effect 4 wall street?

#ChingaTuMadreEPNdeParteDeLasDirectioners OBAMA PARA PRESIDENTE  DE MEXICO  OBAMA PARA PRESIDENTE  DE MEXICO  OBAMA O/

Dear Obama, No fly zone ! It would make all the difference ! #Syria.

Definitely one of the best pics you've tweeted so far! You should frame it! lol! Seriously Obama on the

in an unfortunate coincidence, Mitt Romney has failed to create a job for himself

People ! : Stacey Dash Explains Her Mitt Romney Endorsement In THREE-PAGE Essay!: Stacey Dash must have REALLY t

Romney should have WON!!!!! Ain't nobody got time fa dis!!

Sad thing is that Team McCain did poorly eam Romney underperformed Team McCain.

GOP still controls House which appropriates $$ so Obama'd have to rob some Dem slush fund

OBAMA!  OBAMA! OBAMA!  U WON YAYYYY :)

All these rich white kids talk shit about the bad stuff obama has done but none of it even affects them.

Ask a #RomneySupporter why did you vote for Romney? Because  Um . Because. He has that 5 point thing.

Please keep tweeting about Obama. It is easily the funniest you have been in over 20 years.

Why you worried so much ?? You can't RUN for office?? So really your opinion doesn't even matter #THE ELECTION IS OVER !!!!!!! #obama chumps

MISSED THIS? Henry Barbour, MS (R) on #Obama win: I don't think anyone on our side understood how good THEIR turnout was going to be. #p2

#LessonsForMarketing # 9: Focus on Wat Customer Wnts to Hear  Not on Wat U want to Say! Obama sidelind #ForeignPolicy though He ws Gr8

Obama holds office, phew that was close, or was it really!

Thank goodness the world is suppose to end before Obama starts his second term #sooptimistic

Me and my old school dawg from back in the day; OBAMA! #obama#yesterdog #clowning#president#gran

Obama Is The Pres That's The Kinda Stuff I Like !

Just out of interest. Will anyone care about Romney in 12 months?

excited!! although Im an Indonesian, but we support mr. Obama

But did not Obama use the apparatus of his office to make dozens of taxpayer-funded visits to key battleground states?

.the rest of the state of Texas other cities.voted Romney, minus acouple other counties in Odessa  the border..hmmmmmmm..

I bet the E trade baby is furious that obama got reelected.

Don't get me wrong I love President Obama but damn they was bugging

AND U SPELLED ROMNEY WRONG L O L

To everyone that talks shit on Obama, if you met him in person you would act like he's the greatest guy ever. #ShowSomeRespect

If I were to do it over again with Obama as President, I would not enlist in the Air Force as I did years ago. Obama hates the military.

Obama's in-tray - Israel / Palestine -  - sent from my Android phone with Guardian Anywhere

If Obama would take away women's right to drive I'd be completely on his side #almostdied #bitch

Obama winning the election was rigged by the Chinese so that Disney wouldn't ruin Star Wars.

I'm so glad Obama won. There's really no way I'd put up with the 4 yr long constant stream of lame Mormon jokes. Like an endless 6th grade.

If only all of those folks who say they are moving out of the country if Romney doesn't win would actually GO. #bli

INVESTIGATING LIBYA: House Panel to Hold Hearing With Top Obama Advisers  #News #Headlines via #newzsocial

This man came in my job tonight screaming OBAMA for like ten minutes ,had me dying!

If monster storm Sandy aided Obama then his re-election is by divine design. However,  purpose, for good or Evil, is unknown

After a quick 12 hour work day #Hyatt, #tacobell and #NBA! God bless #America, the man who runs it #Obama, and our freedom #ELE

Did anybody else see the FlagLady see was very distracting lol #flaglady #flaghair #obama #obama2012 #obama4

They said people in Miami was still waiting in line to vote. While Obama was making his speech!

Someone glanced at my name and thought it said Romney instead of Rooney. Lmfao

Obama administration quiets Lockheed employee votes. Makes me unhappy with my mom working there  #Obama

Financial Reform Has New Lease On Life In Second Obama Term   monumental opportunity 21st c

(Maybe the govt workers in VA voting for Romney includes the defense contractors who are worried about cutbacks?)

Attn all Dem pols  talking heads: Romney lost. Stop pounding on him. No more binder talk. Lets move on to the work of the nation. #Forward

Yesterday Barrack Hussein Obama is reelected. I'm beginning to really believe in this land of opportunity. #dreambig

ASAP Rocky is everything that's wrong with America. He voted Romney fam.

She said she voted for Obama . Cuz if Rodney would have won she would get her food stamps anymore!!! Terrible

If the purple guy lives in the purple house and the orange guy lives in the orange house, then why is Obama living in

i don't give a fuck its all for obama and the union so ill do what i gotta do

Mitt Romney lost because he thought that people above the 250k salary would carry him to victory

really? Obama is fucked when he dies

Waking up to obama track u really know that #the bestisyettocome

for us we got obama for president again ;)

God knew what he was doing when he gave OBAMA another 4 years , he bless our country w the right person to lead us

U.S. Financial insolvency.  It scares me the most.  I hope that's President Obama's biggest concern as president the next four years.

Obama now needs to transform his country in to what it was in sixties  seventies, a savior of weak countries  not the policeman

mhmm.. But no president has tripled our debt. I wish OBama the best. I want my country to suceed. I just made that comment.

President Obama gave me my first ever #W10 in Bowling Green just took it away.

We all know the truth of Obama's reelection: Virginity will be outlawed,  churches turned into Wiccan fuckpits w/ mandatory abortions.

# 2TERMZ  # 4MORE YEARZ !   ' now gunna make romany noodles obama self. #swag

Rylea is a big fan #obama haha, it's ok to laugh

Man of the Week: Barack Obama: With the hard-fought election now in the books, the president can finally sit dow

Can someone PLEASE explain to me why so many Christians are saying that Americans voted against God/Jesus when Romney is fuckin Mormon?

This has to be the most offensive explanation of why Obama won going . Via

Obama won. I wasn't surprised, I knew somehow that he would win.

O-o-o-bama, you're so fine, you're so fine you blow my mind, hey Obama! Hey Obama!

Hi Sigi - yes very busy. But no quite as big as Mr. Obama back in the White House! See you on my return.

Probably not true but funnyGeorge Bush Accidently Votes For Obama

They can finally stop wasting money on election campaigns. Obama spent $852.9 million and Romney spent $752.3 million.

Mitt Romney is having a better day than Laker coach Mike Brown.

57M REPUBS: Stop givingPRO-OBAMA CO's your $$$ NOW!!!,BOYCOTT:STARBUCKS(Go Peet's,etc),COSTCO(Go Walmart/Sam's), more2come

Obama won! I come to school Me: whoo 4 more years of Obama! dumbasses: who cares Me: um can you STFU

South park made a complete joke of the election and obama getting reelected. Haha talking about starwars and the chinese

See, the world isn't laughing at usthe world is laughing at YOU! *watching the #obama speech

Obama is going to have a movie.  Will smith is probably going to play Mr. president.

Check out USA: LATINOAMERICANOS LE DAN EL TRIUNFO A OBAMA

Mom said my kid sister's teacher in AR asked the class which president they wanted, and she was one of the only ones for Obama #makesmeproud

2.) Romney's state of MA was NOT #1 in the education system It was #15. Maryland was #1. Ask from personal experience.

Romney was a lousy choice, just like McCain. Let's face it, the GOP is a disaster, it's time for a new conservative party

All the more reason we need strong House leaders.  Cantor as Speaker can stand up 2 Obama, not worry about reelection-safe! #TCOT

Is it true that Stacy Dash supported Romney?

@highlight

New York's Republican Mayor Bloomberg endorses President Obama for re-election.

@highlight

Reports--8 States Will Decide! Daily Presidential Tracking Poll: Romney 49%, Obama 48%

@highlight

Obama and Clinton at Saturday night rally in Virginia

@highlight

BBC reports Barack Obama victory tweet most retweeted ever.

@highlight

Obama remain president on 4 more years! 

@highlight

Obama and Clinton only Democrats elected twice since FDR.