St. Patrick's Day eats: Corned beef hash

am I the only one that forgot about St. Patricks day ?

In honor of St Patricks day tomorrow, I'm eating a giant bowl of lucky charms

Happy St.Patricks Day to the best looking woman in the UK ;) x

Ireland: Only country with no school tomorrow cause St. Patricks Day :P #Happy ;)

{St. Patrick's Day} Wishing you a very Happy St. Patrick's Day!   #LilyAnneDesigns #GoGreen #StPatricksDay

And they taste just like Guiness! These are a total hit J'aime les macarons, Happy St Patrick's Day!3 THE COLOMBO

Half an Hour to go,  bring on St Patricks Day Celebrations!

Where to find a St. Patrick's Day brunch in #Boston tomorrow!

Preparing for St Patricks Day in Florida of Orlando

When planning your day tomorrow remember it's Open Mic Night from 7-9 pm.  We will have some great St. Patrick's

wonderful outline of patrick there well done camera

We should be off for st. Patricks day tomorrow

Do people realize Saint Patricks day is tomorrow not today right ?

My St. Patrick's Day will consist of me taking a 4.5 hour exam and then studying for another exam the day after. #ScienceMajorProbs

It's cold and windy on this saint Patrick's day!

Respect. // Guinness withdraws sponsorship of NYC St. Patrick's Day Parade

Its not Christmas anymore you should have it with 4 leaf clover for St. Patrick's Day

FX schools closed tomorrow! Enjoy a green and white St. Patrick's Day!

just home from the Anvil..not long till St Patrick's Day.start all over again..Hail.Hail

he tried to fight Patrick Beverly cause he was helping him up

Pretty sure St. Patrick is trying to give us his day as an actual holiday with this snow storm

St Patrick's Day celebrations in full flow in Dublin's Temple Bar - Irish Independent

St. Patrick's Day tm? Wasn't it like just Thanksgiving tho

Do you have green beer in your future for this St. Patricks Day? Call Advantage so you don't see shades of BLUE!  lol

I am not attending st Patricks day festivities tomorrow

Looks like we're having a Snowy St. Patrick's Day here in DC

St. Patricks day is like any other day for me. meaning I will be wearing all black and drinking heavily

Who's ready for St. Patrick's Day tomorrow?

Happy St Patrick's Day Sydney! What better way to celebrate than with a hearty Beef  Guinness Pie and $5

In honor of St. Patrick's Day tomorrow, students and staff are invited to wear everything green.

I don't remember St Patricks Day ever being like a weekend long event in the past.

Maybe Sakurai wanted to hold off on revealing Yoshi until St. Patrick's Day? #VeryWishfulThinking

Great expectations score by charles dickens. Music by patrick doyle

I am about to have a Ti' Punch!  How St.Patrick's Day of me! :P Using La Favorite Rhum Agricole Blanc Coeur de Canne #cocktailgeek  #rum

Juniors: wear st. Patrick's day or green clothing tomorrow to count for valley cup!!!!

Tomorrow is St. Patricks Day!!! You can make amazing corned beef and cabbage in your crock pot!!!

Monday Is St Patrick's day.. I will be on The Broadcast TV at 9ish to discuss LUCK!!

Somebody tell this girl that you get pinched on St. Patrick's day and not April fools day..lord i pray for yall

Advising all heroes of Gotham City to be aware of St. Patrick Day tomorrow, Calendar Man might be up to something.

The fact that it's St. Patricks Day tomorrow makes planning an outfit such much easier. I only own one green item

Thanks for the RTs and Happy St. Patrick's Day tomorrow!

Faith and Begorrah! It's St. Patrick's Day! Come in Doza on Monday and get $2 off our Greek Spinach or Veggie wraps !

Must be St. Patrick's Day celebrations, that's why all the Chivas USA fans are wearing green today!!#sarcasm

It's a good thing schools canceled because tomorrows St. Patricks Day an I will be getting hammered.

Happy Saint Patricks day to all my family and  friends across the water xx

Early St. Patrick's Day celebration! Hanging out with my  . Great time!

Also my mom bought Lucy Charms for St. Patrick's Day tomorrow so I'm pretty pumped for that.

Che Boludo! Happy St. Patrick's Day from Dublin!

Happy St Patrick's Day! Feeling the luck of the Irish? Enter to win 5 Nights in Bali for two!  #StPatricksDay

Patrick is like molded from clay to remind everyone not all cishet white boys are shit and Josh is two years away from being a Greek tragedy

St. Patrick's day does not apply to me because:1. I'll be sober2. I'm brown

My 5 year old asks why are the roads closed? I say cause of the Saint Patricks Day Parade. She says oh, that's

we have to wear green for st patricks day at school i feel like a human cucumber

Mears, Patrick and Gilliland blocking Harvick, Kahne, Kenseth #NASCAR

St Patricks day concert! With treyrobinson mishers12

Top O' The Penis to Ya!  See you tomorrow morning for our St. Patrick's Day Kick off on

I wonder what Niall's doing for st. Patricks day though can he dress up in all green and have pints and not go to London that'd be awesome

go to walmart buy a st.patricks necklace or something

There was definitely a big rally other than that for St. Patrick's day  #marchinmarch #marchinmarchsydney

FIFA 14 | 250K St Patrick Day Pack Opening:  via

ohh gotcha. You got it right tho, Patrick Sharp is a very pretty dude.

Bars, fire department, ready for busy St. Patrick's Day:

Tomorrow is America day, but it's also St. patricks day. Do I wanna wear red white and blue or green??

Drunk St. Patrick's Day Challenge (ft. Sawyer Hartman) | Tyler Oakley:  via THESE BOYS THO

Another new piece for sale by Patrick Wadley!

Boston mayor pulls out of St Patrick's Day parade as LGBT talks fail     St Patrick anti gay?

Making everyone aware of what's going on with people who hate the Catholic Church (or the other 3 religions)  celebrate St. Patrick's Day

Seriously did everyone forget about st patricks day because if so I am just GOIBG to have to cry a lot

I have a green sprossling that I wear on St Patrick's day too. :)

i wish i had my hair out , cus it's green  st patricks day tomorrow .

Wear green tomorrow for St. Patrick's Day at Experience and get Callie Cash!

A terrific St Patrick's Day morning at the Natick Community/Senior Center.  Plus door knocking in the after noon!

Join the sports mix bracket challenge. If you beat me you could win a great prize pack.-Patrick

Is every day except #March17th Ain't Patrick's Day?

Its midnight  Enjoy St.Patrick's Day xx

I THINK I AM ALLOWED TO GO WITH PATRICK

Does St. Patrick's day have to do with leprechaun's or am I just tripping Cruz they are both green

Make sure to follow us on Instagram - - and tag us in your St. Patrick's Day pictures! Check out the

HAPPY  SAINT  PATRICK'S  DAYIn a quarter of an hour it will be St. Patrick's Day.  I wish anyone who reads this

00:02 on St Patricks Day and watching Father Ted 3 I love being Irish :3

Maggie's pub for st. Patrick's Day

This kitty is ready for St. Patrick's day!

I'm blaming today's loss on St. Patrick's Day.  Everyone has been wearing green all weekend

#StPatricksDay tomorrow, the day where the pale and pasty can thrive for all of their kind, I am so ready bitches

tomorrow is saint patricks day you swine

St Patrick's day is almost here! If you're not wearing green beware I have a pair of extra large tweezers

Id like to apologize about my previous tweet negatively commenting about St Patricks Day in comparison to #PatrickEwing

Happy st Patricks day. Shame I have to work

Lol who's Patrick from UIC?? Some white chick just called and said I was recommended for something.

Got a new bed this weekend. Who else had a legit St. Patty's weekend? Haha #stpatricksday #adultlife

FRIENDLY REMINDER TOMORROW'S SAINT PATRICK'S DAY AND WE'RE GOING TO GET DRUNK PICTURES OF NIALL BEING SHITFACED

Hey do you remember that St Patricks Day party we went to last year?

#bagpipes Boulder's Shortest St. Patrick's Day Parade celebrates all things Irish - The Daily Camera: Boulder'

Saint Patricks day tomorrow What is everyone doing?

Patrick Ewing is by far the best college player I ever saw. Ask Sam Bowie and Winston Bennett. #BigEast #BBN

St. Patrick's Week SPECIALS!!!This week only in celebration of St. Patrick's Day we will be running specials

St. Patrick's Day, when everyone claims to be Irish somehow

#Blackhawks with the man advantage after Patrick Sharp draws a penalty. Riley Sheahan to the box. #HawksTalk

Baileys getting pre-ready for St. Patricks day tomorrow :) #goldenretriever #goldensinstagram

Happy St Patrick's Day I will be at parade in DonegalEarly flight, long drive, Guinness at The Abbey with my Dad

Dill Dip for St. Patrick's Day

How to Celebrate St. Patrick's Day like an Irishman.

Must be something to do with St Patrick's day! The saint's most recent miracle?

st patricks day is always on weekends ?!?

To wear green tomorrow since its st patricks day or not bc im not irish and dont care about st patricks day #decisions

Hi Hilary.Thx 4 the b-day wishes.Wish a BIG HAPPY BIRTHDAY 2 Luca.( happy st patrick's day)

One day, St. Patrick heard a wonderful song and went to find the people with those beautiful voices. He wanted to

Happy St Patrick's Day all! We flew to Shanghai last weekend to appear at the sold out 2014 Shanghai St Patrick's

Starting the day and ending it ? Sign me up! #StPatricksDay #Irish #favoriteday

It's Saint patrick's day!  Time for a beer!

Why does St. Patricks day have to be on a Monday? How am I meant to get smashed on a Monday?

St Patrick's day and I have no money! Doing nothing so!

#NewYork #News Guinness Withdraws St. Patrick's Parade Sponsorship: The makers of Guinness, the popular Irish

if you see this tweet about st Patricks day and Ireland

With spring break in full swing and so many people (families) away, we have decided not to have a St Patrick's

No school on St. Patrick's Day, what will be doing tomorrow.

St Patrick's Day. Just another Saturday night in Lurgan to be honest

Coffee and Baileys happy St Patricks Day

I'm not Irish, but as I am in Dublin HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!!! :D

Be sure to wear green tomorrow it's St. Patricks day bc if you don't ill pinch u !!!!

St. Patrick's Day dinner just isn't the same without having my grandparents home.

So is wearing green on St. Patrick's Day still cool or

REMINDER: Tomorrow's St. Patricks Day so wear green or strangers will pinch you in the hall.

Happy St Patrick's Day to my 2 favourite Irish people to have played for Cliftonville, and one still does :D

Tomorrow, I'm going to celebrate St. Patrick's Day by listening to Hava Nagila on repeat.

Belal: Maybe it's green for St. Patrick's day! Agha: *looks up from eating* In Khudai's Ka'aba sharif there is no St. Patrick's Day. (2/2)

I LOOK AT PATRICKS TL AND IT SAYS HE HAS LIKE 4 TWEETS IN THE LAST HOWEVER LONG, THEN I SEE PEEPS RT'ING TWEETS THAT WERENT THERE

St patricks day is the one day a year that im cool with being the pastiest white girl out there

Top of the morning to you, happy St Patrick's Day. Now you be keeping your hands of me gold now

Happy St Patrick's Day! So many cute pet photos! Hope everyone is happy a great day to be sure! to be sure!

patrick star is not our saint conor get your shit together man

[Breaking] Guinness beer withdraws sponsorship of New York City's St. Patrick's day parade over anti-LGBT poli

Tomorrow is St. Patrick's Day, but we know it more importantly as Coach Brand's Birthday.  Happy Birthday Coach

they should sell everyone a st.patricks day pint for the toilet twinning thing!

St. Patrick -- one of the few saints whose feast day presents the opportunity to get determinedly whacked and

Congrats to St. Patricks Day Tournament Champs Lady Warriors!  Dennay, Cherokee, Jelani, Sophi, Coach Rob,

Roundup of healthy recipes for St. Patrick's Day -  #sweatpink #SPAU #healthyliving

If you're looking for a simple vegan Irish Soda Bread recipe in anticipation of St. Patrick's Day, Lindsay Nixon

Happy St Patricks day! Therefore birthday din ni sis ! #breakfastinbed

Happy St Patrick's Day to everyone out there with Irish ancestry (and even those without)

St Patricks day tomorrowBeing Sunday, I grab a corned beef and bring it homeSandra puts it in the crock pot.

Happy St Patricks Day Twitter world :)

Twinkle Twinkle Patrick StarI made myself a sandwichMy mommy named it FredIt tastes like beans and baconAnd smells like its been dead

st patricks day its completely pointless to me personally. idk why its so popular in the u.s.

Great  St Patricks Day Breakfast idea from Betty Crocker

#SanAntonio San Antonio River goes green for St. Patrick's Day: San Antonio River goes green for St. Patrick's

Ooh, one of my ring sets is on the front page to celebrate St Patrick's day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! We don't celebrate that here but we can join the celebrations by drinking

Someone's gonna have a good St. Patrick's Day.

that was my first idea considering it is for St. Patricks day lol

Getting ready for Saint Patrick's Day

enjoyed that gig! Happy St Patrick's Day

i cant believe patrick stump is real

Tomorrow is St. Patrick's Day so ya'll better be wearing green.

St Patrick's Day boozy desserts - The Star Online

PATRICK'S DAY COME AT ME BRO

The snow has started, will we have a white St. Patrick Day?

Daffodils peeking through on St. Patrick's Day. #longwinter #Montana

Neil Patrick Harris Joins Stephen Trask  Tits Of Clay At Pre-HEDWIG Gig: The musically versatile and  #broadway

I gave Johannes G Patrick S +K about Fitness on

Night Ange, Goodluck  safe journey Happy St. Patrick's Day!!! Hope all goes well Hun xxx

The McCallum's St Patrick's Day Picks

Everything you need to know about tomorrow's St. Patrick's Day parade in Indianapolis :  #INnews

Happy St. Patrick's Day- Tomorrow, come ski with us for only $20!  Locals Monday!  Wearin the green! My girls,

Well its way past my bed time but it means lm up early enough to say HAppy St. Patricks Day.  His name was in fact Patrick, he is a saint

Celebrate St. Patrick's Day tomorrow with a delicious Rueben from the Good Stuff line.

Happy St Patrick's Day to all! If you're at a loose end this afternoon, come and watch the at Rosie O'Grady's, Freo from 5:30pm!

I REALLY WANT TO STAY AFTER MONUMENTOUR BUT I BET MY MOM WONT LET ME AND WHAT IF PATRICK COMES OUT AND I MISS HIM BECAUSE OF THAT AAGGHH

In honour of St. Patrick's Day tomorrow my post will be about having fun with Irish Cream!!! Again!

Pre-St. Patrick's Turn Up!!

Tomorrow is St Patrick's Day and you might be thinking about making some green food for the kids. Here's a food

St. Patricks weekend! Still going strong!!! all day tomorrow! So pumped!

Good Sunday. Chatted with a cousin in Florida and remembered a great Patrick's Day I spent there.You behave in Bali ;)

I was in the st Patrick's day parade today !!

Happy St Patrick's Day! Found these after great day at #Country2Country tks for lift

UPDATE 2-Guinness pulls out of NY's St. Patrick's parade over ban on gays

Lancaster is turning into the new place to be for St. Patrick's celebrations.

Happy St. Patrick's Day Michael  Many Of God's Blessings Including The Irish Ones, On You  Your Family!!Love, Leila xx

hello yes 911 i have an emergency patrick jane and teresa lisbon are still not fucking each other

Marta Ibarrondo:  Why Is St. Patrick's Day So Much Fun? -

Drink Up, It's St. Patrick's Day

Thought you ment Nancy with Patrick :D I really miss having soap mags not had them for years now.

saint patricks day should have no school

Drink Up, It's St. Patrick's Day  via

Boston Police issued 293 citations for public drinking at today's St. Patrick's Day parade:

Any St. Patrick's Day events going down in #Honolulu?

Idk why bps schools are closed tomorrow black people don't celebrate st Patricks day -_- #NewtonLife

I definetly respect now for making that tweet to Kevin about crying to Patrick Kane

Don't understand why we have school on St. Patrick's Day ??????

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! Time for a food baby #foodporn

Chipolte NNew Patrick Henry Mall Fundraiser Sun March 23 2-6pm  tell em you Here to support BBRF  the place will

the fact that St. Patrick's Day is on a Monday this year sucks

#Toronto Eager revellers brave cold at St. Patrick's Day parade: It was cold, but revellers still came o  #News

I thought St. Patricks Day was in April.

Nice pre-St. Patrick's Day dinner with family. My Chinese student loves the corn beef and cabbage.

New nails for tomorrow, because I can. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

GUESS WHO'S GOING TO BED HORNY BC PATRICK'S GROWL  THE HIP THING  HIS DEEP VOICE. YUP ME

It's St. Paddy's not St. Patty's. Patty is a diminutive of Patricia, not Patrick. #FYI #StPatricksDay #TheMoreYouKnow #FFS

Me and patrick have the best greeting to ppl lol.

There's a boy in my PHI class who looks like the lovechild of Patrick Stump and Gerard Way and I just

i gen do not know what saint patricks day is an why do we celebrate it?

#us Guinness pulls out of NY's St. Patrick's parade over ban on gays: By Elizabeth Barber BOSTON (Reuters) - I

Less than 1 inch of snow expected on St. Patrick's Day  #statenisland

Am I the only one that forgot that Saint Patricks day is tomorrow?

(y) Guinness beer withdraws sponsorship of New York City's St. Patrick's day parade over anti-LGBT policies -

Does Patrick Reed's March Madness bracket have a Final Five

Eager revellers brave cold at St. Patrick's Day parade

Sober St Patricks Day weekend, who woulda thought? #old

THIS POWERPLAY IS BROUGHT TO YOU BY PATRICK KANE'S LEVEL OF DOUCHEBAGGERY

Riser and Happy St Patrick's day to All My Friends all around the world! Best wishes from Ireland! !

We're a little confusedwe're actually making Easter cards on St Patricks Day and our darling Norma's has baked

Patrick Beverly dunk on Chris Bosh and Birdman (Video)

I'm just really hoping Patrick and Kevin's hook up was more than just fulfilling their urges!

Course work for tomorrow is done. Ready for St. Patrick's Day with (fingers crossed)

Happy St. Patricks Day everyone!! Go find your four leaf clover or pot of gold and make things happen! #StPatricksDay

Aye I forgot tomorrow is St. Patrick's dayyyy

St. Patrick's Day is TOMORROW! Why do people insist on pinching me today? #weargreenorgetpinched #myfavoritecolor

Mathias people was 50 deep at the el stop ready for Saint Patricks day.

Get your St Patrick's Day fix at Daily Grill! Make your reservation here:

Anyone who is more then 50% irish should definatley get and automatic pass to have st patricks day off

ok so my sister has a cold and she says that her special medicine is patrick stump

Having a pre St. Patrick's Day Guinness and gonna watch Cosmos. #Guinness #Beer #mmm #Cosmos #NDT

Don't forget to wear your green tomorrow, it's St. Patricks Day!!

Omg nbc is just in love with Patrick Kane.

Why do some schools have off tomorrow for St Patricks day #whatajoke

Love St Patricks day. Always get free pints in Irish pubs cause its ma birthdaaaaay!

Motion to move St. Patricks Day to July

Blackhawks version of the Redsox Pinkhat is the Green St Patricks day jersey.

it's St. Patrick's Day, get some guinness into you!

yeah. Easter. Saint Patricks Day. Same thing

#Singapore #Books #Deal: Printing in Plastic Build Your Own 3D Printer (Technology in Action) By (author) Patrick

don't forget to wear green it's Saint Patrick's Day

May the luck of the Irish be with you!Happy St Patricks day!

NOLA History Guy Podcast #6 - St. Patrick's and New Orleans Jazz

i needa trip to 's closet right about now bc I DONT HAVE ANY GREEN IN MY CLOSET AND ST PATRICKS DAY IS TOMORROW

If I were to wear all green tomorrow, St. Patrick's day, would I look somewhat like a bald leprechaun?  #LifeQuestions

The realization that tomorrow is st. Patrick's day

Happy St. Patrick's  so proud of my Irish roots and my Montreal Irish family!

well all be safe til st patricks day

happy St Patricks day from Aus!

Happy St Patricks Day from the beautiful people in Tracks Bar. 12:00 is a good time to have a Guinness isn't it?

Does anyone else think St. Patricks day is more of an American holiday than an irish one these days that's my opinion

Jeez Danica Patrick is a terrible racer.

Heavy right front damage for Patrick. She hit Bowyer on pit road. #NASCAR

Shake it up! Try 1 of our Luck of the Irish specials: Shamrock Shake, Mocha Mint, or Lucky Leprechaun! Here only through St. Patrick's Day!

And Danica Patrick spins coming out of her pit and gets into the back of Bowyer while he was pitting. Can't explain that one.

Danica Patrick is even crashing in her pit stall, what the hell, you're a professional driver, how do you hit a parked car?

Me and Patrick will get a puppy soon. We will.

Can't wait to wear my new green skinny pants for St. Patricks day!!! Ekkkk they're super cute for spring and cost $3

Isnt it st. Patrick's day tommorow? I was planning on wearing my green hoodie anyways.  That kinda works out

how happy are you for st. patricks day tomorrow?? :D

Savannah St. Patrick's Day is white people's Orange Crush, but with considerably less thumping bass.

St Patrick's Day Mission just opened!

Hail Glorious St. PatrickHail, glorious Saint Patrick, Dear saint of our isle, On us thy poor children Bestow a

For St. Patrick's Day, 9 Irish whiskeys to try right now  /via

If you are a little girl and look up to Danica Patrick just give up on your dreams now.  #NASCAR

Patrick's Day is like every other day hanging out in town just way more crowded

Tomorrow's Saint Patrick's day and ain't no way in hell I'm wearing green either

Happy St. Patrick's Day!Here is your perfect recipe.Corned Beef  Cabbage(Traditional  Pressure-Cooker

my mom thought spongebobs snail's name was squidward and her second guess was patrick I QUIT

Happy early St Patrick's Day! Traditional Irish meal tonight.

if only St. Patties was a stat holiday #StPatricksDay

woah shit tomorrow is st patricks day

Wait, St. Patrick's Day is actually tomorrow? What the hell have I been doing all this drinking for then?

New post: Patrick: A Prophet for Global Justice

how sad, although I thought Patrick was Briton?

Need info on St. Patrickcheck this out

I was kinda expecting Patrick stump and then I saw Patrick star and then decided to send u Patrick stump

I'm not going to school I'm telling my mama It's saint Patrick's day

Someone should definitely ask Ms. Martin about the history of St. Patrick's day tomorrow

Happy Saint Patrick's Day, smoke the greens

Mayor Walsh Will Not Participate in South Boston St. Patrick's Day Parade  -  - via

Better than mine? :) Enjoy your St. Patrick's Day! #PaddyIrish

I didn't even realize tomorrow is st.patricks day.

Thanks Patrick! sorry I bailed tho.. I was sleepy watching.. :)

Come celebrate St. Patrick's Day tomorrow at Cartecay Vineyards and enjoy live music from 4:00 pm - 8:00 pm with

Please come check out my newest post: St. Patrick's Day Decor

fuck St. Patrick i'm workin from 7:30 am - midnight. What about this weekend?

The fact that doesn't have to go to school tomorrow because it's St. Patrick's Day

Go to your room and think about what saint Patrick would say if he saw this

Happy St. Patrick's day to Nutty fans all over the world. 3 Tone today. Black/White  Green!!!

Patrick Ewing #30for30 Requiem for The Big East

I won't be online tonight, but I will be tomorrow, we shall have some st Patricks day fun:)

Shenandoah played against Georgetown with Patrick Ewing back in the day #funfacts

damn i lost my other green sockguess im not gonna have any st.patricks day pride tomorrow

Tomorrow is St. Patrick's Day so wear green!

The Patrick home is my 2nd home

Pre St. Patrick's Day activities in the West are not pre St. Patrick's Day activities on the East Coast :(

Excise police arrest 30 in #SouthBend over St. Patrick's Day weekend:

I'm half Irish but I don't know anything about my heritage because everyone who did know died so idk how to feel about St Patrick's Day

Green Eggs and Ham as part of our all day breakfast today #stpatricksday

I liked a video from  ST. Patrick's Day Makeup look (Only One Eye) *Chit Chat Edition*

Unhappy St. Patrick's day everybody, 'cause #vegetarian corned beef is gross nasty. #vegetarianproblems

Tomorrow is #StPatricksDay this Italian mommy to part Irish mini-planks wishes you a day full of luck and love!

~Happy St Patrick's Day!~ Here are some little party supplies we found if you are celebrating today.enjoy!

Hello Zonians! We have changed the tiles for St. Patricks Day! We hope you all enjoy them. :)

#Guinness pulls out of St. Patrick's Day parade  #ILoveGuiness. #beer #LGBT

My dad said if I wake up early tomorrow he would buy me shamrock shakes for st. Patricks day

CB is a catholic school and St. Patrick's Day is a Catholic Remembrance Day therefore there should be no school tomorrow.

The St. Patrick's Day Project that proves I'm losing my mind.blame it on the pregancy?

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all our Irish customers!!

Happy St. Patricks Day everyone!! Come check out our march specials and new items. Lots to choose from, so many

MT  HomoMafia forces Guinness out of St. Patrick's Day parade:

Patrick Ewing was a beast but damn he could never win a championship in college or the nba

SINCE WHEN WAS IT ST PATRICKS DAY

Gay ban prompts Guinness pullout of St Patrick's parade: Irish brewer Guinness says it will not participate in

Someone go with me to the St. Patrick's Day parade tomorrow!! #prettyplease #dogtown #stl #stpattys

I take St. Patrick's day very seriously

HAPPY ST PATRICK'S DAY FROM THE BM TEAM! Time to rock your best green BM, enjoy some Guinness and listen to

St. Patrick's Day is beautiful after cold in the morning.  Very good workweek weather!  Spring is really coming

I'M NAMIN G THE THIRD KITTEN PATRICK STUMP

Happy St Patrick's Day to all my friends across the ponds  xxx

Wearing green for St Patrick's Day at the gym

I wish st. Patrick's was a holiday

St. Patricks Day with some of the best guys I know jaredmabe

Instead of green beer, celebrating an early St.Patrick's day with green ginger ale :)

I have to work on St.Patricks Day #FuckMyPlaceOfWork #Alot

We're ready for our St. Patrick's Day meal. With CDaddy  ktb2012

I'm coming to school late. I can't miss Physics/St. Patricks Day!

LIVES OF THE SAINTSST. PATRICK OF IRELAND9am RSA time on EWTN LIVE STREAMINGSpecial feature on St. Patrick,

This is the only way I celebrate St. Patrick's Day!

It's ok to have a Guinness right now, yeah? I mean, I don't want to disappoint St. Patrick.

Before and after from last nights St Patricks Day celebration bar hop.  #boston #stpatricksday

We are open! Get in early folks, celebrate St Patricks Day without the sticky floor

It was so good to connect (and bond over St Patrick's Day Chicago chaos!)

A St. Patrick's Day funnyvia Barry Wallace.

Beth is now four years older than Patrick. In two years, he will be two-thirds her age. Two years ago he was h

Be careful out there tomorrow for St. Patrick's day. Stay alert, stay safe!

He thinks they were out celebrating St Patrick's Day hahahaha :-)

If you're in high school and you still pinch someone who's not wearing green on St. Patricks day, you need to grow the fuck up already.

Happy St Patrick's Day, #Adelaide! In the city? You might fancy the Irish Club in Carrington St tonight for live music  celebrations.

Monday Funnies on ST PATRICKS DAY BEGORRA!  via

Mayors, brewers boycott St. Patrick's parades

MT Show your  St. Patrick's Day spirit! On sale Monday at 11am in Gally for only $5!

Go Punk For St. Patricks Day. Get ideas for how to wear green. Slideshow at  #green #StPatricksDay #blogger #holiday

Go green with these St. Patrick's day nail ideas |

WEBCAM LINK to Templebar in Dublin, Ireland for St. Patrick's day! If you're not there  fancy having a look

The wind has died down tonight but a much warmer breeze comes in for St. Patrick's Day. #phwx

My bed has never been more comfortable. St Patrick's day you win and you're not even here yet. #eringobraugh

Happy St Patrick's Day from Clarke's Music after Parade by Frank Ferry!Enjoy your day everybody.

Guinness is the latest beer giant to withdraw support for a St. Patrick's parade because lesbian/gay groups aren't allowed to march openly.

St. Patrick's Day meal 2/4 complete. Corned Beef  Cabbage.

oh yeah i forgot its st patricks

if anyone pinches me on st Patrick's day I'm gonna punch them in the face

Tomorrow, ST. PATRICK'S DAY!!! my Blues Band will be playing atTHE RETRO ROOM!!!(6:30 - 9:30) (9350 US

For those not working tomorrow, Happy Saint Patrick's Day, and for those working tomorrow, Happy Fill-Out-Your-Bracket-At-Work Day!

Happy Saint Patrick ' s Day weekend!  And White Cows)

Somebody needs to have some type of St. Patricks day shenanigans tonight

When I read through it, I always go back and read my fave Chloe and Patrick scenes. :) #PatrickSheldonIsMyBoyfriend

#St.Patrick'sDaySpecials Ruebens, Corned Beef, green beer,  Smithwicks Irish Ale $3.50/Short  $5.00/Tall

Throw back to the best St.Patricks day everrrrrrrrr

Happy St. Paddy's day lads! #NorthernIreland #StPatricksDay #music #playlist

This St. Patrick's Day wedding featured mini corned beef sandwiches!

It's really sad how people treated Patrick Ewing. But he got the last laugh.

Didn't even know it was St. Patrick's day today or yesterday. Whenever it was.

just now realizing tomorrow's st Patricks day.

Man, nobody got berated with racial slurs ad insults like Patrick Ewing at Georgetown #RequiemForTheBigEast

Happy Saint Patrick's Day - pots of gold decorated cookies.

Mission for next year: spend St Patrick's Day in Dublin. It imperative it happens!!!

United Center playing Tool's Prison Sex aka what Patrick Kane should've gotten had he not been an NHLer. #cabfare

For St.Patrick day I going to paint one nail green lol

What my St. Patrick's Day looks like: me wtching free movies and shows on my laptop, reading books (the same

You girls be safe in the Dominican Republic. Happy St. Patrick's Day! Love you.

Had a very early start this morning preparing lots of St Patricks day balloons.  Feel like it should be going home and going to bed time.

Isnt  st. Patrick's day tomorrow ? we shoukd have the day off from school (:

patrick dempsey is the patron saint of ireland

Watching this 30 for 30, Patrick Ewing was a bad, bad man.

Just celebrated St.Patricks day by baking Irish Soda Bread following Ina Garten's recipe. Used whole wheat flower and brown sugar.Just fab!!

For those of you who may be interested, I have made available a recording of the St. Patrick's Day sermon that I

I liked a video from  Best Irish Beauty Brands for St Patrick's Day | Fluff and Fripperies

yano I'm very very sad because I didn't pack anything green for tomorrow BUT ALSO LIKE WHY WOULDNT YOU WEAR GREEN ON ST PATRICKS DAY

West get ready, bagpipes tomorrow. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Sleepy, Wingate, Jackson, Bill, Freddy, Williams and Patrick.

St. Patrick's Day celebrates HATE.  Good day to get drunk.  #religiousfreedom #pagans #IrishCatholic

St. Patricks day: The only day of the year that everyone claims to be Irish and posts about it. You've been warned.

i totally forgot about st Patrick's day lol

We wasn't dirty, we was psychical- Patrick Ewing

everyone always said you were the Patrick Ewing of #3plays

I feel obligated to wear green tmr for st patricks day but I dont want to

Best pickles and there green for st Patricks day #goodfilterchoice

CAN I WEAR MY ST. PATRICKS DRESS TOMORROW OR AM I TOO MUCH OF A SLUT?!?!?!

st. patricks day isnt an irish holiday its a catholic holiday fuck off

Happy St Patrick's Day - what a great weekend to be Irish!

Hola, #NostalgiaChat peeps! We're celebrating St. Patrick's Day. :) Who's here and ready to go?

Work tomorrow and then having friends over for dinner and a St Patrick's day celebration with the kiddos.

Stewart P4 in the Food City 500. Patrick P18. Kurt Busch P35. Harvick P39. Carl Edwards wins. More details to come later.

My family gets so into St. Patricks day because they're Irish WE GET IT

Idk who's worse the walking dead tweets or Patricks naruto tweets #stfu

Oh shit tomorrow is St. Patricks day. I don't own any green anything. I'll fight a nigga that try to pinch me though

That game made my liver feel like today was St. Patrick's Day

The good thing about being a Notre Dame, so much shit to wear on St. Patrick's Day.

Happy St. Patrick's day to all my friends and family in Ireland.

Happy St Patrick's Day! Won't be drinking or eating anything that isn't already meant to be green!

Prayer for St. Patrick's Day:  Almighty God, in your providence you chose your servant Patrick to be the apostle

'Guinness Run,' pub crawl support annual Highlands St. Patrick's Day Parade  #MonmouthCounty #NJ #News

Green tomorrow for St Patricks Day!   Be nice to Mr. B and remember, everything you do this week will be graded.  :)

: The 80s was a time of big hairMe: Not for Disclaimer - I think Patrick Stewart looks excellent without hair.

SON Patrick Ewing let that fist FLY!!

I wouldn't have touched Patrick Ewing

Starting my Saint Patrick's day festivities early cuz I have work Tuesday so I can't celebrate tomorrow

Patrick a dick head for going in a bar talking shit. Like ctfu! #Revenge

I'm so sick of Patrick. Fuck him up.

Patrick Ewing thought he was Deebo lol. He was tryna fight everybody

Seeing as though Marshfield is made up of about 99.9% Irish Catholics. I hereby declare we should not have school on St. Patricks Day.

And that, Patrick, is how you get beaten to a pulp #Revenge

ICYMI, St. Patrick's Day cake pops benefitting the Syria fund!

I miss the days when the Knicks had Patrick Ewing

My family is not Irish in any way but we like to pretend we are very Irish for St Patricks Day

Patrick is just as evil as his mother Victoria they need to be stopped #Revenge

I want a Guinness!!! It's St Patrick's Day and I'm stuck in an office!! Not fair. Oh for a kilt

To Friends and relatives in the US, Happy St. Patrick's day!

Ohh so we have random holidays off but not St. Patricks day.. Cool.

do you think Patrick is crazy as hell because I do. He's no Fox Craine.

This dude was the Patrick Ewing of the Friars Club 3rd grade basketball league.

'Mr. Peabody' Beats 'Need for Speed' to Top Box Office During St. Patrick's Day Weekend: 'Mr. Pe  Ace Show Biz

Patrick ewing was a mean dude at georgetown

I will be at Sriracha Restaurant tomorrow from 3pm - 2am for St Patrick's Day and I would LOVE for you to stop

OOOOOOOOOOH OMG YAY I CAN WEAR MY ST PATRICK DAY SOCKS TOMORROW

Saint Patricks day is my favorite

I think we're one step away from Victoria convincing Patrick to put an Arrow in someone. #Revenge,

Patrick raid a fellow nc natives stream -

Patrick needs to go away I'm tired of seeing him #Revenge

Off to Ariba Live! In Vegas For St. Patricks Day!  Go Irish!!!!!

#Grateful for a fun and safe St . Patrick's Day with my family.

Not only is tomorrow Monday, but it's also St. Patrick's Day Club! Come decked out in all the green gear you've got!

Great ideas for your St. Paddy's day celebrations.

Throw back to when Brenamen told us he dyes his toilet water green for Saint Patricks day

Suddenly sad that will not be joining us for St. Patrick's Day this year :(

17March: As says, St. Patrick not only chased the snakes out of Ireland; he chases the snow away from NYC on his parade day!

A good St. Patrick's Day to spend indoors.  Warmer and drier on Tuesday

Wait are we supposed to wear green tomorow? For St Patricks day?

i don't really do st. patricks day but it is my dogs birthday tomorrow so who's the real winner

I hope St Patricks day brings me some luck cause damn I feel like hell right now. My body is NOT ready for school tomorrow. #ifeellikeshit

Sale American Girl Doll Clothes Dress St Patricks Day Shamrocks Green and White on Etsy, $9.50

Happy St. Patrick's day to All. From the BCCT team.

Wait it's St. Patricks Day? Out of the country without any connection to the outside world problems

St. Patrick literally being italian

St. Patrick's Day snow! We should paint it green!

Make the St. Patricks day parade pictures on Instagram stop :-(

good luck to ya next weekend!!!  Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!!

Local pub near work is not open for St Patricks Day. It's un-Australian!

St. Patrick's Day Recipe, Blarney Stones, Unique Recipe for St. Patty's Day, learn some St. Patty's

I hate St. Patricks Day. I don't want to wear green but I feel obligated to because I don't want anybody to touch me.

St Patricks Day weekend with my girls!

Patrick Ewing took epic L's

Happy St. Patrick's Day to our Irish friends!Here are some green pieces from #shopWAGW that you can still wear

Dude is winning Holi:  If only it were green paint, he could have dual-won St. Patrick's day, too! (h/t

My birthday tmr, St.patricks day.Y'all bitches come  pinch will get punched. Im not wearing green so foh with that bs.

Restaurant News - Local restaurants offer St. Patrick's-themed food and entertainment - Grand Valley Lanthorn:

Another memorable weekend. Happy St. Patricks Day! (:

For a really fun time, ask my mom about her feelings on St. Patrick's Day. No one hates it more than her.

I mean would it be corny to wear a st Patricks day shirt tomorrow or is that still allowed.

St. Patrick's Day : Philips SoundShooter Wireless Bluetooth Portable Speaker

Enjoy St. Patrick's feast day tomorrow! Also remember that the lifting of Lenten restrictions is why people drink so much #TheMoreYouKnow

In honour of our first time playing at The Guvernment tomorrow on St. Patrick's Day we will be releasing a FREE

Little kid from the NYC St Patrick's Day parade 2011. I've always liked this shot.

such a happy green glow. St. Patrick's day should make all eyes smile.

i have a feeling kanye isn't great in bed and him and kim k just look at each other in the mirror while doing it a la patrick bateman

St.Patrick's Day Green Striped Pair Of Arm Warmers  via

Neil Patrick Harris took his shirt off last night #IamNotSaying #IamJustSaying

if you're annoying about st Patricks day I will stab you

Patrick Ewing fought almost every game at Georgetown #30for30bigeast

I guess I'll wear green for St.Patricks day tomorrow.

Happy St. Patricks Day!! This was taken during Sydney's parade yesterday

My son said he has to have a St. Patrick's day shirt not just a green one

Omg totally forgot tomorrow St. Patricks day

Happy St.Patricks Day!! Love ya, Boo Bear!!! Make it, fablouis! (Yes it's meant to be spelled that way!) 3 :)Xx

there's a part of me that wishes Patrick Ewing still had the high top #requiemforthebigeast

Guinness Won't Sponsor Parade - Revelers cheer on the marchers during the 251st annual St. Patrick's Day Parade in

I'm waiting for Niall's St. Patrick's Day tweet saying.Kiss me in Irish.Like ok

What are y'all drinking for St. Patricks Day?..,

Awakenings: Don't forget your GREEN! March 17 isSt. Patrick's Day! Top o' the mornin' to ya! [Scr

How they expect me to pay attention to this conversation when Patrick's standing here w/o a shirt on? #Revenge

hang on just going to watch you st patrick video  live on

So, I'm assuming my work would be closed for St Patricks day, that's reasonable, right?

i forget st. patrick's day every year like its annoying

I wonder how Irish people feel when black people show up for the Saint Patricks day Parade.

I'm looking forward to being home tomorrow but I must say Chicago is the place to be for St. Patricks Day weekend!

Former NYPD Officer Patrick Kelly On Gun Control And The Second Amendment: Patrick Kelly is a retired NYPD ser

#StPatricksDay May the luck of the Irish come your way.Happy St. Patrick's Day xx

Our St Patrick's Day sale starts a bit early! Use coupon code GREEN15 for 15% off at  until Monday at midnight

White people crazy about St. Patricks Day.

Thumbs up. Heineken and Sam Adams boycott St. Patrick's Day parades  via

Seriously so pumped for St. Patricks day.

You could say it was a successful Saint Patricks day weekend

People still get pinched on st Patricks day? If anyone pinches me they're getting a brogue kick.

St. Patricks Day parade  School (I am not Irish)

For some people St.Patricks day maybe for drinking but for our family it's remember someone amazing close to our hearts .. #rip #loveyou

First legal st Patricks day and I am on my death bed

Today is the feast day of St. PatrickMolly Malone's Irish Pub is celebrating The Biggest St. Patrick Day

Best week Saint Patricks day on Monday going to Florida on Wednesday and Divergent is coming out on Friday!!!! I cannot wait!!

Happy St Patrick's Day! Over half a million New Zealanders have Irish ancestors:

IFADES Institute wishes to our England and Ireland students the Best Happy St Patrick's Day 2014 !

It's St.Patricks everyone.get high,have fun and make love.as simple as it gets..#Ireland#st. patricks#night#whiskey#booze#fun

Theres a reason for St. Patricks day and its about faith, not a excuse to be drunk the whole day.

Safe Home (The Tipperary Trilogy) by William Patterson  FREE for now to download! Happy St Patrick's Day! :)

Saint Patrick was a catholic missionary in the 400s who brought Christianity to Ireland.

I only have one green shirt in my closet for tomorrow's St.Patricks Day #DiamondThief

What's st. Patricks day and why is there school?

This is our special Sunday desert treat, Tico Coffee Roasters Affogato with Baileys - Happy St. Patricks Day!

whats st patricks day? im highly confused. do people walk around lookin like idk peter pan??#curious

Do I get a free pass tomorrow cuz one of my middle names is Patrick?  #WishfulThinking

Does that means that Patrick may go away? #Revenge

The Good Luck conjure shop will be open tomorrow for St. Patrick's Day from 8:00 AM - 3:00 PM. Mambo Julie's Best

Thanks, Bro! Have a Good un' :DD Later! Happy St' Patrick's day to you if you celebrate :)

We've never had so many St Patrick's Day Parades! ROFL!

happy st. patricks day..its nt even it yet bt i wanted 2 be da first 1 to wish u

Niall must get so hard thinking about St.patricks day

So eku should cancel classes tomorrow because it's St. Patricks day. Oh and the snow too. Cancel class because of that.

RT'd that bc I've been to Boston during St. Patrick's, er, festivities. If only I could've gotten into a Dropkick Murphys concert then too.

That sky behind Patrick is so fake. #Revenge

How to Celebrate Saint Patrick's Day the Irish Telly Way  via

goodnite Jillbean, i wish many sweetdreams under the sea w/ Spongebob and Patrick hanging out and singing by the campfire ;)

Patrick ask me did I wanna stop over there b4 I leave ,

Tomorrow is St. Patricks Day and I refuse to wear green

Happy Saints Patricks Day Daithi!!1 (even though its tomorrow for me). Don't get to drunk.

LA2LBC Swag HIP HOP SUNDAYS- St PaTRICK Party Marys LONG BEACH

Patrick can't leave #revenge, he's so hot

By the way, if you're a real alcoholic, you take St. Patricks day off. Amateur hour.

I feel like St. Patricks day is never ending and it hasn't even started

Happy Snow Patrick's Day, y'all! :^(

Dancers take part in St Patrick's Day celebration at Episcopal Seniorlife: Residents of Episcopal Seniorlife c

Sooooo tomorrow is St. Patrick's day ? Or am I wrong

Appropriate considering St. Patrick's Day!

We are pleased to announce the winner of the photo contest for February! Congrats Patrick Flanigan!

Free Parking in Boston on Evacuation Day a.k.a. St. Patrick's Day  via

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! Xx

Tomorrow's Front Page on St. Patrick's Day - Correctly List And Identify Items To Be Sold At An Estate Sale. We're in southern California.

im more of liking patrick than spongebob

Oh yeah.St Patrick's Day tomorrow

St Patricks Day Recipe Ideas

Happy St. Patrick's Day, friends! Too much corned beef and/or holiday-themed drinks today? How about a book to

Why would you place Lent around St. Patrick's Day, Pffft? #SundayLentBreak #rhetoricalquestions

St. Patrick's day is gonna be another reason why I hate tomorrow

Irish Soda Bread: St Patrick's Day Recipes!

Happy Saint Patrick's Day around the world! Where are you celebrating?

Ship/Cast me please? I've got a little mustache action going on there.. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Ready for St. Patrick's Day!! Supportin my Irish Love!!! Do u like my nails did them for u!!! :) 3

hopefully last for the season- We will be closed tomorrow. Happy St. Patricks Day- enjoy from the comfort of home.

Saint Patrick's Day Sale this week! Check out the Item Shop for more info ^_^Like this post if you like sales!

Celebrating St. Patrick's Day early at   I'm not Irish, but it's a special day of the year!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! We had some sneaky leprechauns in our Sydney office this morning :)

Tomorrow is St Patrick's Day.. and St Patrick's Day means Easter and Easter means preview to May and May means GRADUATION.

St Patrick's day* damn you autocorrect

Chris Columbus would beat the shit out of St Patrick #fakeholiday

Happy St Patrick's Day! Check out this animation by ABCOpen contributor Karin Kunze from #Mackay about luck! #StPatricksDay #LuckOfTheIrish

Guinness drops out of St. Patrick's Day parade over anti-gay policies #reddit

#TheMentalist  for next week looks great! Would like to see Patrick Jane turned loose on some Senators and Wall Street types!

I don't wear green in St. Patrick's Day. I do, however drink Irish whiskey till I piss my pants. I'm all about authenticity.

According to Zach Whalen St.Patrick was Italian

NO ONE TOLD ME TOMORROW WAS ST PATRICKS DAY WTF

I don't have anything green so I'm just gonna wear my st Patricks day underwear

Your sponge bob hit my Patrick and I felt it

Sorry, but St. Patricks Day isn't for the Irish. It's for the Irish Catholics. Don't be a fraud

Patrick Star's eyes are probably burning hahaha

Gotta represent my future school for St. Patricks day tomorrow! #UNT #UNT18

wait what st patricks day is tmrw??? lmao o

They call me Shwayze kinda like Patrick.

Juan de Fuca MLA leadership announcement on St Patrick's Day, 7pm in Langford at Isabelle Reader Theatre.

OMG ISN'T ST PATRICKS DAY TOMORROW?!

An Irish Blessing for you on St Patrick's Day Eve

St Patrick's Day is tomorrow: #NYC boasts one of the largest #StPaddysDay Parades in the world. It has been taking place since 1762.

forgot tomorrow is st. Patricks day. now I have to change my whole outfit.

Best St. Patrick's Day burgers around the country - Christian Science Monitor: Christian Science MonitorBest S

Why does St. Patricks Day have to be a day of drinking? If you guys are Irish shouldnt you be eating fucking potato products?

Incredibly pleased with the actions of Guiness, Sam Adams, and Heineken, all withdrawing from various St. Patricks parades because of +

Tomorrow's st Patrick's day so heads up

St Patrick's day. Who the fuck

St. Patrick's Day in MA = too many Celtics jerseys. #lakers

they can march but not good enough?Why do they need to trybully everyone? Its a st Patricks parade leave politicalsexual issue

Which way to St. Patrick's Day?

My roommate is crying and pouring Jameson shots cause he lost his phone. Happy St. Patrick's day!!!! #holidayhorrors

Blow dis green pack for saint patricks day!

Yall really celebrate St. Patricks day?

Oh wait, tomorrow is St. Patrick's Day. I'm too busy being mad about school to notice.

9 dogs  cats that partied too hard on Saint Patrick's Day:  via

Happy St Patricks Day  Beach w/ 2 others)

Happy St Patricks day everyone. Offer til midnight tonight..buy 4 prices and choose a 5th piece for free.

St. Patrick's Day March 17: Groove Marmalade is playing at Fionn MacCool's Britannia in Mississauga!

it's getting late here. see you later babe. and happy st. patrick's day!  live on

honestly I forgot tomorrow is saint Patrick's day. I ain't got time to be worrying about that. Lol.

Save Up to 60% OFF on St. Patrick's Day Cotton  Fabric at Hancock Fabrics!  Offer ends 3/18! #Shop #Fashion

Patrick Dempsey (aka Dr. Shepherd) is a rockin #babywearing dad on Grey's Anatomy tonight!

New Mix Available! Listen now  at:   DJ Bash - St. Patrick's Day Party Mix  on #SoundCloud

tomorrow's st. patrick's day whether i wear green or not don't fucking touch me

#oomf kinda looks like present day Patrick Ewing. Lol

Is it ok too pinch a girls ass in the work place in she is not wearing green on St. Patrick s Day ? Just wondering lol

Wait tomorrow's St Patricks Day? What..?

Tomorrow is actually St. Patricks Day and I'm debating if I should wear green lol

do Irish people drink lots of beer on st. Patrick's day?

ugh Jake is totally Irish and Scottish. He loves St. Patricks Day and all the crazy antics that go with it.

Apparently Entertainment Book coupons are not valid on St. Patrick's Day even at a non-Irish establishment because it's considered a holiday

if someone tries to pinch me on Saint Patrick's day

I never wear green on St. Patrick's Day

An early St. Patrick's Day message from my Irish stud, Michael Easton! #GH

i did in the spirit of st. Patricks day tomorrow

I would have loved to enjoy my saint Patricks day like everyone else my age but I was stuck at work working a double. Uh. Exhausted.

Is it ok to go to school drunk tommorow because it's st Patricks day?

Are you celebrating St Patricks Day today? Did you know these 5 St Patty's traditions started in the U.S.?

I have a 6' inflatable leprechaun. Think I can drive in the car pool lane? Tomorrow is the real St. Patrick's Day. Drink up!

Why I didn't know tomorrow was St Patricks day

I'm 1/8 Irish and my middle name is Patrick, so I feel like I'm obligated to pinch people who aren't wearing green.

People don't understand St Patricks day. You are only supposed wear green if you're Irish. OMG.

I completely forgot it's St. Patricks Day

This is what our St . Patrick's day has in store! shepherds pie!

Gettin' leprechaun wasted with because stress is real and it's St. Patrick Day Eve y'all. #cheers

I thought yesterday was st.patricks day.

You're all Debbie fucking downers. St. Patricks day is a fucking rad holiday it just blows it's on a Monday. #WearGreen

Happy St.Patrick's day! I am half Irish. #Irish #SaintPatricksDay #green #weargreen

ST. PATRICK'S DAY at IRONSPO//t.co/QS22Tw3BcZ

Get your beauty rest SBs, tomorrow is Saint Patrick's Day!

my lady's on St Patrick's day

sick for st. patrick's fucking kill me

For some St. Patrick's day fun in Marin join our friends at Jack and Jill Play Place!-

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!Buy 1 get 1 all Monday for Beer (Bintang, San Miguel Light, Erdinger Champ) .Let's

iont think anyone cares that it's St Patrick's day tomorrow lol

When Guinness, Sam Adams, and Heineken all pull out of your St. Patrick's Day parade, you might be doing something wrong.

But teacher I'm only drunk because it's St. Patricks day

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all the Conley Girls !

I only accept st. Patricks day pinches on da booty so, good luck, go nuts.

I'm old I had to be reminded today that St. Patricks day is tomorrow.. Like who forgets that?! Old people, that's who.. I need help!

Too good not to  Marine's are lean, mean, and Green! Happy  St. Patrick's Day!

since about 365 days ago after the last St Patricks day

So I'm wearing a green sweater tomorrow but not because it's St. Patrick's day but because it has zebras on it

Fergie  Josh Take Axl To A St. Patrick's Party ,

St. Patricks  British Pub w/

Happy St. Patricks Day Everyone!  -Rob

Do you even St. Patrick's Day?

My eyes count for st. patrick's day, right?

Oh, today is Saint Patrick's Day.

Dey changed it up If u not wearin green on st patricks day u dnt get pinched.. Thts a mouf shot

Happy Saint Patrick's Day to the Hottest Irishman there is!!  Have a great day tomorrow.  Enjoy a pint for me, Fella.

St. Patrick's Day with Guinness  Murphy's)

We have a very special guest coming for St. Patrick's Day Extra Perk Monday morning! Need a hint? #ceadmilesodabreads

:Peter if Kuala Lumpur's air turns green on St. Patrick's Day moving may be in order! At least dual citizenship with U.S.LLAP

In preparation for St Patrick's Day I took down my Christmas lights today

um since when is tomorrow saint patricks day

Y'all Think My Job Closed For St. Patrick's Day Or Nah?

Chris Mullan, Patrick Ewing, Ray Allen, AI, Ed Pinckney

I'll make a brief announcement before bedtime. Patrick Wayne Harvey arrived last Sunday just after midnight. 9 lbs. Congrats Jess  Chris.

Tomorrow St Patrick's day fr?

i completely forgot st patricks day is a thing

I am now confused when st Patricks day is #thisweekend? #tommorrow?

Not wearing green tomorrow. Idc if it's st. Patricks day or not.  I dare somebody to pinch me.

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!! :)) let's do the Irish yoga!!!

for drivers ed today i drove downtown and there was like a festival for st patricks day going on so that was fun

Happy St. Patrick's Day Martin

oyster stout definitely the way to go for St Patricks day. Even Princess Di is smiling.

Tomorrow is Saint Patricks day isn't it

Am I the only one that gives no fucks about St. Patricks Day???

Tomorrow's irynas birthday. Oh and it's st Patricks day too but LOL no one cares about that

wait I though you said how didn't know it was st Patricks day

Happy at. Patricks day!! ( yes I know it's tomorrow) but have a good one anyway!!

Tomorrow is St. Patrick's Day.Niall. Niall is all I think of.I can promise you he'll be out wearing all green getting piss drunk.

Someone asked what I was doing for St Patrick's day and I just laughed. You see the way my work hours are and when my assignments are due

Happy St. Patrick's Day Monday to all my Facebook friends. Remember to be sensible if you drink any alcohol

Have a Happy St. Patrick's Day! In case u r wondering - Who was the real St Patrick?

How are we supposed to observe St. Patrick's day in SSA?

St Patrick w/ kids Connor Gavin and Finn and Jenn (The Worlds #1 Mom)

Oh my gosh people it's St PADDYS day not pattys. Paddy is the shortened version of Patrick. PATTY IS A GIRLS NAME. YOU KNOW. LIKE PATRICIA.

Azle HS should make Saint Patricks Day a school spirit day bc sooo much green

Tomorrow's St. Patricks day. o

Top of the Mornin to ya and Happy St. Patricks day!

Patrick Beverly , Tony Snell , luol deng , nerlens noel

St. Patrick's Day Chocolate Cupcake Toppers  via

Happy St Patricks Day Niall Hope your are having fun

Ukrainian flag on St.Patrick's Day Parade. I'm so sad for this country. #crimea #Ukraine

Here's a PSA before the tweets begin: St. Patrick likely wasn't Irish, today is the day he died, and good beer is never green. Thanks.

I got a St. Patricks joke..Why can't you borrow money from leprechauns?Because they are too short!

Good one. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Sam: You can write about us.Patrick: Call it Slut and the Falcon. Make us solve crimes!-PerksMight have tweeted this already :D

Happy St. Patrick's Day! May the Guinness flow and good times be had by all! #Slainte #StPatricksDay #Guinness

Sigh the stupid little icon next to the tumblr thing immediately at midnight just reminded me it's  saint patrick's day.

what????? Its only saint Patricks day?????

Happy St. Patricks Day!!!  Proud to be an Irish American!

why is there a clover next to tumblr is it st patrick's day or smth

oh shit tomorrow is st. patrick's daay and I don't have anything green to wear

Have a happy and safe St. Paddy's day from all of us at The Caring Tree Foundation! #yeg #StPatricksDay

Oh I forgot that Claire was obsessed with st. Patricks day(fml)

SCO6 celebrating our St Patricks Day campus funday today! Taking out 2/3 competitions!-JC CHC-

So tomorrow is St. Patricks day and I refuse to wear green bc ugli PINCH ME AND I'LL HURT YOU

I swore today was Saint Patricks day !

The real st. Patricks day is upon us. Happy birthday dad, the most Irish man I know.

no days tomorrow in NY preempted for St Patricks Day Parade

Tomorrow is st Patricks day, does college do the whole pinching thing?

i love st. patricks day idk why but u best believe i'm gonna catch a leprechaun tomorrow and pinch bitches

It's weird for me to talk about Patrick because that's my dad's nameIt's weird for me to talk about Ryan because that's my cousin's name

Also, HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!!!!!! Call it St. Patty's Day and I will end you.

So its St. Patrick's Day and later on the day I'll be wearing purple. Idk why

Happy St. Patrick's Day! That means one thing! It's going to be a good day!

Happy St Patrick's day to all my fellow Irish men and women :)

Happy St Patrick's Day. Hope you are all have a wonderful Monday :)

I love youjamieeee Happy birttday gurlllll Ima get you balloons !!! happy saint patricks dyayyyyyy bitchessss

Happy St. Patrick's Day to the Hottest Band in the World!!!

I'm wearing blue pants and a pink shirt. I'm so ready for St Patrick's Day today.

Tomorrow in celebration of St Patrick and alcohol, we are having a 2-hour flash sale on  You won't want to miss it!

better wear an Oregon shirt for St Patrick's day

I love the little holidays like st. patricks day just cause

Snow day on St. Patrick's day. I can't

Happy St. Patrick's Day Everyone, Enjoy Those Lucky Charms !!

HAPPY ST.PATRICK'S DAY nHope your day is full of rainbows, beer, and luck

St Patricks Day celebrations FOMO.

Traditional Irish Blessing:  via #jesustweeters - Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Did you know the first All Blacks captain was an Irishman? Here are 10 Irish influences on NZ for St Patrick's Day:

St. Patrick's Day-Anything Goes March 16 Worldprofit Live Business Center  #dino_71pgh #gay

Ohhhhhhh tomorrows St. Patricks thats why everyones talkin bout pinching

I'm trying to squeeze a happy holi/happy st. patrick's day in one tweet

I forgot tomorrow is st Patricksso I forgot to wear my st patty scrubs! Dang it

Fina put sum together fa my girl fa St. Patrick's day

I've never had a St. Patricks day kiss.

Nice St. Patrick's Day parade today! It was really great and fun!

Happy st patrick's day! Bring out the green beer! Even though I don't drink

Be sure to have a Happy St. Patrick's Day ~ There are so many beautiful green shades to choose from!  Here's a

me mother is from Old Kilpatrick, supposedly the birth place of St. Patrick. That's more than enough reason for me to get loaded #fukmonday

You can pass class another day. Drink tomorrow. #StPatricksDay

Oh it's St. Patricks day too but who cares Hailey's 18 and that's the only importance of the day. Cause it's also Monday.

Dad gummit.. Tomorrow is saint Patricks day..

Man where is everyones St Patricks day spirit?

better go patrick Ewing on em lol

Oh tomorrow saint Patricks day ?

St. Patrick's Day Wish:May your troubles be lessMay your blessings be moreMay nothing but happiness come thru your door.#catholic #ccot

Boa Guinness  St Patrick's Day: Guinness drops parade sponsorship over gay rights

my mom is full Irish and she celebrates st. patricks day with going to chruch

I don't own shit that's green so happy St. Patricks day in black. Ya dig.

HAPPY SAINT PATRICK'S DAY EVERYONE HERES A PICTURE OF NIALL

St. Patrick's Day is boring without the family Shreveport trips :( #sadtweet

St Patrick's day Fact (tune in tomorrow for no1)2. St. Patrick's was a dry holiday in Ireland until 1970.Aside from the color green,

you should come to Calgary and celebrate St. Patricks Day with us. I have cream cheese cookies!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Relax, sit back  and enjoy the 'Patty O' Furniture!' #Shamrockin'

After living. Well forever surrounded by Irish folks celebrating St. Patricks day. I kind of love trading t in for mardi gras in STL.

Only people who will be turning up later for st.patrick's day will be white people lol

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY I LOVE EVERYONE

No need to cry in your green beer. Mother Nature will do it for you. Stormy St. Patrick's Day expected in Manatee.

my best friend wants me to go all out tomorrow for saint Patricks day when all I own is every color you can think of but green. #basicprobs

why tf do we even celebrate saint Patricks day wtf

St. Patrick's day tomorrow? Time to break out the green boxers and hope someone pinches me. No one will pinch me

May your glass never be emptyMay your drink always be coldMay you continue to drink, until you're 100 years old! Happy st. Patrick's day!

I'm trying to come up with a clever st Patrick's day tweet

Tomorrow's saint patrick's day? O.o

patrick I can't sleep please make me tea and sing me lullabies

Oh yeaaa tomorrow is saint patricks day!

Oh shit i forgot tomorrow's st Patricks day.. I will kill anyone who tries to pinch me

If your not Irish I don't think u have a reason to celebrate St Patricks day

Its St Patrick's day soon (or is it today[?]) and i'm irish what am i supposed to do

Just because St. Patricks Day falls on a Monday doesn't mean I'm still not gonna drink till I throw up

Oh, happy st Patricks day. Do yourself a favor and only watch the first Leprechaun if you have to watch them

Join us, on the friendliest day of the year as we celebrate St. Patrick's Day with three bands, a heated tent and

St. Patrick: Legends about Patrick abound; but truth is best served by our seeing two solid qualities in him:

Alexis the Man of God; Saint Patrick, the Enlightener of Ireland; Marinos the Martyr; Theocteristos the Confes

Happy St Patrick's Day from your friends at Frank Days/Rumors!

I remember marching in the Saint Patrick's Day #CatholicSchoolProbs

Happy St. Patrick's day everyone! Green for all!

Happy st Patricks day nialler it's almost been a year since you followed me dude, my first real /role model/ lol

Omg I forgot tomorrow was St. Patrick's Day!

The sad thing is I didn't even know that it was St.Patricks Day.

Pinch me if you want tomorrow you gone wish st patricks day didnt exist

Happy St. Patrick's day. A day where everyone's Irish,and if you were already Irish you're super Irish? I'm really not sure how it works.

NO I SHOULD WEAR MY FOB SHIRT WITH THEIR FACES THEN I COULD SAY IM WEAR PATRICK AND HE'S A SAINT SO

So it was hot af at the st.Patrick's day parade and wanna rain during the dj .

Thank you for pulling your support of the NY St Patrick's Day Parade

DDOCast 328 is published!  Patrick and Samius talk (at extreme length) about update 21 and battle casters!

A Little Teaser from St. Patricks Day Shoot Today. :)

Even if you have no Irish blood, Happy St. Patrick's Day!

St. Patrick's Day is just like Cinco de Mayo  Oktoberfest are: an excuse to be a different heritage, party,  get drunk.

Being Born On Saint Patrick Day Weekend Couldn't Ask For A Better Timing Mom.

Steak and Stout with Potatoes for St. Patrick's Day | Noshing With The Nolands

you look like Patrick fucking star.

Happy St Patricks day .. From sunny Dubai #GREATweeks

Patrick Ewing gave no fucks at all when he played..

Had no idea it was St. Patricks day tomorrow. Until I checked twitter

Saint Patricks day: when we celebrate really nice people named Patrick around the world

Union County St. Patrick's Day Parade  #storify #sp2014 #unioncc

Festive cocktails for St. Patrick's Day

there is always that one douche on Saint Patricks Day.

Have a Beautiful St. Patrick's Day!

New: St. Patrick's Day 2014 events in Toronto

Lmao I forgot it's st. Patricks day today/tomorrow

Happy St Patrick's Day to all my asum #Irish tweet buddies.Be happy have fun,drink,eat be merry have a good one x:-)

Happy St. Patricks Day. Here's to spring, family, and all us Irish folk.

IT'S ST. PATRICK'S DAY TOMORROW WEAR ORANGE

Mayor Jed Patrick E. Mabilog taking selfie shot with Ang Batang Lider Awardees of Iloilo City!

why do people still do the pinching thing on st patricks day like who cares if I don't wear green don't touch me.

Lol just remembered it's St Patricks day tomorrow hahaha

St. Patrick's Day Green Juice Extravaganza:  via

Happy St Patrick's Day! We sure (to be sure ;)) do have lot's of gorgeous green!

NewsGrab: St Patrick's Day: Guinness drops parade sponsorship over gay rights: Parade organisers have said gay

JV and the Leprechaun of Evergreen, COHappy St. Patrick's Day!

My hall put parsley in everything for St. Patricks Day and it's super cute.

st Patricks day and evacuation day

HAPPY MOTHAFUCKIN ST PATRICK'S DAY JUUUUUUUUUUHEARD #BCG

oh yea tomorrow's saint Patricks that's why people are talking about pinching lmao

Happy St. Patricks Day!!! Green is a must if you don't want to be pinched today!!! #justsayin

happy st Patrick day for you have  a great time!!!!!

I totally forgot it was st Patricks day tmr

HAPPY ST PATRICK'S DAY NIALL FROM AUSTRALIA LOVE YOU XOXO

5 Ways To Celebrate St. Patrick's Day Like The Real St. Patrick: Funny Are you a champ at celebrating St. Patt

YOU GO #GUINNESS . That's so fucked up the St. Patrick's Day Parade banned openly gay marchers.

In honor of St. Patricks day shout out to my Irish babe and for the Ireland shirt he sent me 2-3 years ago baeeee

Wear green tomorrow y'all it's saint Patricks day lol like I care

Omg almost forgot tomorrow is St. Patrick's day! Ima bout to look like Hulk tomorrow

Patrick. !! Miss you will you be anywhere at ABS ?

I don't play that stupid St. Patrick's day bullshit, pinch me and I'll sock yo ass

Happy St Patrick's Day Everyone from

KNEES WEAK ARMS SODA BREAD MOMS SAINT PATRICKS DAY CORN BEEF ON MY SWEATER ALREADY

New post: Happy St.Patricks Day , 17% Of All Day.

These st. patrick's tweets are effing annoying I dont need a god damn holiday to kiss anyone

[Sport] Danica Patrick hit Clint Bowyer on pit road exiting her pit stall  [Yahoo Sports]

Tomorrow's st Patricks day..turn down for..what??  #toosoon?

Wtf?  Niggas talking about st Patrick's dayI forgot about that shit lol

Happy St Patrick's Day from the Kairos team. Check out our latest bumper issue  #DanielODonnell

st patricks day better or ima pinch u in gym cx

I forgot st. patricks day was tomorrow, ion play that pinch me shit.

Not going to school on st. Patrick's day UGHHH

The Chrysler Building at NY-NY Las Vegas goes green for St. Patrick's Day.

If it's guys night out tomorrow for St.Patrick's Day, please post pics :D

Menu Plan Monday - Time for Corned Beef and Cabbage!: It's Menu Plan Monday and St. Patrick's Day. Hope everyo

We know tomorrow's st Patricks but if ya mothafuckers even lay a finger on me tryna pinch me Ima have ya like

Christy Moore - St. Patricks Night in San Fernando. Happy St Patrick's day to all.

I was looking for your St. Patrick's Day tip.

I remember when not wearing green on St. Patricks was like a crime  you'd get pinched

Happy St. Patricks Day!!! Stop in for Irish Soda Bread!! Shamrock Cookies and all your favorites!!

Happy Saint Patricks Day to all my Irish colleagues

FACT : St. Patrick wasn't Irish

I don't know why everyone is talking about St. Patricks day tomorrow but not #ShaShaSha day tomorrowso disappointed

My mom was born on St. Patricks day and she's not a leprechaun.. That's some bullshit

Happy #St Patricks Day! Looking fwd to celebrations tonight!

Watching The Avengers in honor of St. Patrick's Day 'cause, ya knowthe Hulk is green and stuff.

happy st patricks day from yu bish

Ah right, St. Patrick's Day is tomorrow

Happy St Patricks Day to all who celebrates..#irish..#green..#dance

St. Patrick's Day is tomorrow. Let's see who's super fucking lucky.

I used to hate st patricks day in elementary school

Happy Saint Patrick's Day to my fellow Irish people! :D

yaaaaaaaay I get Patrick lol

RADDEST St. Patrick's Day card art from

I didn't even know tomorrow was St. Patrick's day wat

someone mentioned that st patrick's day is bad bc it perpetuates racist stereotypes and like.while i understand what u mean: Why

What up Colorado! Come celebrate St, Patricks day at Devon's Pub 4992 E. Hampden Ave Denver, CO 80222

Been so out of today and worried about stuff didn't even realize it was st.patricks day till it just said it on the tv.

For one St. Patricks Day , I would like to spend it in Ireland.

Happy st. Patricks day to those from Island. Drink responsibly!

Good to start saint Patrick's day with some green

I'm wearing my St .Pattys day underwear and everyone loves an Irish girl shirt tomorrow! #Irish #StPatricksDay

St. Patrick's Day is tomorrow. Did you know you have a Leprechaun Name? What's yours? Fell free to share it with

Happy St. Patrick's,  Time for go to beat off snakes!

Happy St. Patrick's Day to my favorite Irish lass.

So when is Saint Patricks day?

but um isn't St. Patrick Irish?

Up an at em at 5 a.m. of a St. Patricks Day! #Lykifyoucried #St.PatricksDay

Happy St Paddy's Day, Boston!  #stpatricksday #bearfight #boston

Happy saint Patricks day have a green day :D love from cape town south africa

St Patrick's Day is like The Purge for redheads; you can do whatever you want, but come the next day ( the rest), your ginger asses r ours

After St Patrick's Day, I done drinkin for a few years..

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Listening to The Unicorn by the - Always listen to this song first! #StPatricksDay #Irish

Happy St Patricks Day to my fb friends who celebrate it!!!

The question is do I even own green for saint Patricks tomorrow? I ain't about to be pinched all day.

GREEN EYES 4 Happy St. Patrick's Day! Luck O' the Irish! Nikon D800 Photos  -  #travel

Happy St Patrick's Day. Here's a video where sings Dirty Old Town by The Pogues. HAPPY IRELAND!

Your favorite DJ is Opening and Closing tomorrow for St. Patricks Day! See Everyone Bright and Early! #BlackMagic #puredjs

okay but like green could mean a lot of things! What does mind have to do with St.Patricks?!

I got into the St Patrick's Day spirit by eating pesto.

St. Patrick's Day Parade Boycott: Mayors And Brewers Team Up Against Intolerance

What's St. Patricks day without Irish whiskey

Patrick runs in to Bowyer on pit road  via

wait it's st. patricks day todayso i was wrong yesterday oops

I don't understand why ppl wait for st.patrick's day to get drunk.

Happy St Patrick's Day everyone! Be sure to join us at Lounge on the Park or MO Bar for a great celebration! #party

Cant wait to see the look on carters face when he sees what the leprechauns have been up to during the night :) Happy St. Patricks Day!!!

Happy St.Patrick's day! Now do this

i remember when i was in elementary school on st patricks day my friends i would go in the field make little homes for the leprechauns lol

happy St-Patricks Day from #canada :) (its 1:19 in the morning) Goodnight now xoxo

St. Patrick's Day Gaming!:  via If you are a gamer you may enjoy this.

Saint Patricks day tomorrow! don't forget to wear green! we're also sellin cupcakes so come by the student store  buy em

Gorgeous full moon and its about to be St. Patrick's Day. Sounds like a toast outside is due! :)

George Murray on the CBCs Cross Canada Hit Parade: Happy St. Patrick's Day   via

The fact that tomorrow is St. Patrick's Day blows my mind.

happy St Patrick's Day to all!!! find the pot o gold today! (Y)

Today on Catalina: Kid Ventures St. Patricks Dinner: Annual Kid Ventures St. Patricks Day Dinner at the M Restaurant

1400% Bonus on St. Patrick Day!Mar 17 00:01 - Mar 17 23:59 (GMT-5)1400% Bonus for all chip packages!

My St. Patrick's Day outlet store haul was not intentionally so literal.

ITS MY SECOND FAVORITE DAY OF THE YEAR YOU GUYS I LOVE ST PATRICKS DAY

Gonna spray my hair green for St Patricks Day tomorrow #greenday #stpatricksday #tomorrow #hair

Happy st. Patricks day! who's ready to start early and do hood rat things in the snow

Wooooo my family is really white we celebrate St Patricks Day lmfaaaaooo

Happy St . Patrick's Day! Don't drink  drive!

i've never understood why people pinch you if you don't wear green on st. patricks day

I forgot it was St. Patricks Day Woops

Wtf ?! Its St. Patrick's day tomorrow ?!?

Happy st Patrick's day I love you

I should wear green to work to celebrate St. Patrick's Day. Oh waitI work at Starbuck's. Hehe.

Wtf is Patrick doing to that old hag?

Tomorrow's St.Patricks day? Wow lol

Let's see what Albany has to offer for St Patricks dayoh wait. It's Albany.

this tweet came just in time for that St. Patrick's day we all had a couple years back. LoL

People are becoming vicious because its St. Patrick's day tomorrow. Chill the fuck out people. Who the fuck cares if you get pinched? Chill

Best St. Patrick's Day Celebration!!! Thanks  others without twitter! The hats were the best!

Bennington Banner - St. Patrick's Day parades bring smiles       in Bennington and Hoosick

Happy Holi tweeople!! Have a safe, funfilled and awesomely colourful one! Happy St. Patrick's Day too!! #HoliHai #StPatricksDay

Because I'm obsessed. Happy St. Patrick's day!

Pinch be tomorrow  get punched in the mouth. Dont nobody give a fuck about st patricks day

Lol patrick number two jk but it's going to be St. Patrick's day manana

haha thats true! but gosh St Patrick's is not something I celebrate anyway so no fucks given oops

St. Patricks Day, where every white person in America suddenly has Irish blood in them

**Happy St Patricks Day to those celebrating**

It's St.Patricks day tomorrow? Oh okay.

Living, breathing human being right here  St. Patrick's Day is tomorrow. #Onehitters

St patricks day is kind of stupid i dont get why we celebrate it

Tune in on saint Patricks day to Meathead Munchies I'm cooking pulled cornedbeef cabbage wraps.  Featuring

T Shirts: worlds tallest leprechaun - worlds tallest leprechaun,funny st. patricks day

Tomorrows St Patrick day right?

For the last time, I did not dye my hair green for St. Patrick's Day.I can't tell you how many times I was asked today.

my leprechaun lookin ass is getting shitfaced tomorrow for St. Patricks Day

Central Queensland today turned green to celebrate St Patricks Day. Catch all the local colour on WIN News at 7PM

Happy  St. Patrick's Day!!!: Every year on March 17, the Irish and the Irish-at-heart across the globe observe

Its National Breakfast Day with McDonalds. Its St. Patricks Day and its #MusicMonday. 3 reasons for you to get

St Patrick's Day: How England came to celebrate Irish culture: The Irish around the world gather to celebrate

Wait, is tmrw st. Patrick's day?

the snakes st. patrick drove out of ireland were really just pagans/non-christians so like uhhh

Insurance paper work, legal paper work, and physical therapy tomorrow before st Patrick's day. one step closer to getting better.

Happy St. Patrick's DayMay your home always be too small to hold all your friends. :-)

Happy St. Patrick's Day! I will be attending the NYC St. Patrick's Day parade in a few hours.

Pretty sure anyone can add an O' to their surname on St Patrick's Day. Note: This advice may not hold up in a court of law.

why isn't #Google doing anything for St. Patrick's Day??? huh??? It's just as much if a holiday as Woman's Day and yall did that one.

Does anyone other than me celebrate Saint Patricks Day?

Today for Saint Patrick's Day, do not settle for just any beer, try a Joint Effort, a dank and earthy craft beer,

[1] Prep of tonights St. Patrick's Dinner:

Happy sayin Patrick's day all  pray for my grandma she has a cancer screening today.

Can we all take a moment to realize how funny it was to hear Neil Patrick Harris make a gay joke yesterday? #PaleyFest

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY TO ALL MY IRISH NIGGAAAAASS

and I just soberly wished each other a happy st. Patricks day ;)

Anyone want to learn how to do this fabulous look for St. Patrick's day? I'll be teaching you how at the Wild

to be sure, to be sure. Happy Saint Patrick's Day!!

Celebrating St. Patrick's Day with Build A Bear  #ProductReview #Toys

I wanna wait till it's St. Patricks day already and then go to bed

good morning and happy St. Patrick's Day! :) don't get too drunk haha love you xx

IS PATRICK GONE?! Please God, please let it be so! #Revenge

deep talks w patrick, yazzid and thomas are always the best c:

Happy Saint Patrick's Day Niall :) 3

I got distracted playing with the St.Patrick decorations and totally left my keys somewhere in Walmart.

Happy St Patrick's Day - might pop down to later for a cheeky tipple to celebrate

Happy St. Patrick's Day. I hate being up this early especialy when I now have to drive 50 miles to pick someone up from the airport

Patrick Ewing was that nigga. I had no idea. Brought that shit to them rough ass Knicks.

Don't forget to wear green tomorrow! Happy early st.Patricks day!

Oh, tomorrow is st. Patrick's day? *look at name*

St. Patty Diner at hackneys last night.  #CornedBeefAndCabbage #StPatricksDay #bagpipes

Happy Birthday Lucas! Miss seeing you on your Dad's Twitter. Enjoy St Patrick's Day together :)

Why do i just randomly wake up  remember tomorrow is St. Patrick's Day. That's why no one wants get pinched tomorrow.#ImSlow /.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Join us for a Guinness Stout or a fine Irish whiskey in our Club Cars, DTLA and SaMo

snakes can only pinch back with their teeth so this St. Patrick is indeed a wise alcoholic.

Happy late St Patricks Day the day isn't ove yet but it should have been said this morning

Here's another great St. Patrick's Day song

Saint Patrick day this month wtf lol

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all our friends. A couple of pictures from today's lunch with a distinct Irish Theme!!

I wish they still have out chocolate coins on St Patricks day like they did in elementary school..

in honor of St. Patricks day tomorrow tho

9 Surprising Facts You May Not Know About St. Patrick And The Irish Holiday  Happy St. Patrick's Day! #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day from The Baby Box Company!! Shop our St. Patty's #sale and pamper your lucky little one!

Definitely forgot st. Patricks day was tomorrow until Jeni said so

Happy St Patrick's Day from all of us here at The Yankalilla Hotel! Celebrate with us during Happy Hour, tonight

Eating everything in the cupboard in case Saint Patrick decides to drive all the snacks out of our land again!!!

Happy St Patrick's Day, All pupils welcome to join us for Irish dancing lessons in Selly Oak

#StPatricksDay is tomorrow, or as it's known, National Green Drunk day. Not how it should be but here's music for it.

Happy St. Patrick's Day from your friends at Fresh  Fluffy! #StPatricksDay #FreshAndFluffy

Happy St Patricks Day to everyone IrishPint of Guinness in hand Grandad..here's to you!

In honor of #StPatricksDay the  crew poses like a  album cover. Happy St. Paddy's Day!

My RA just asked if I've been drinking, ofcourse I've been drinking its St Patricks Day

2ma must be St. Patrick's day??  Folks talking about pinching

Last 2 years I worked on st. patrick's day, so I didn't have to worry about green bc we had that vomit green shirt! Ha

Happy St.Patrick's Day Niall,enjoy!! Love you xx

How are you marking Saint Patrick's Day today?

River Runs Green in Chicago For St Patricks Day - Posted on

IT'S EMINEM!! IF YOU DON'T GET IT, GO LIVE WITH PATRICK STAR!!

Happy St Patrick's Day! Here's why every South African should celebrate:  #StPatricksDay

whoa didn't know it was st. patricks day tmr

Happy St. Patrick's day! Chocolate Bayles cheesecake  #StPatricksDay

For St Patrick's Day, try a copy of DuendeOnly 3 days to buy your copy at 99pOn your Kindle for only

come on !!!!! Plan ur out fit today ! Wear the green ones since its st Patrick's day tmr :)

Thinking about how I used to make green food  hide gold chocolate coins on St. Patrick's Day. Good times. #missmygirls

Happy St. Patrick's day to tha stoners

As an Irish girl I'm choosing to not take part in the St. Patrick's Day foolishness. I mean it. Don't come at me with that pinching nonsense

Happy Saint Patricks day! Wear green or you will get pinched! Watch me forget to wear green! #HappyStPatricksDay

Test your knowledge: St. Patrick's Day trivia | Home - Entertainment

I've got to be honest with you I really really hate St. Patrick's Day

happy st patricks day julie

Detroit's St. Patrick's parade offers chilly fun

The celebratory color for st patricks day is black right?

Its St Patrick's Day today AND the start of our daily winner announcements. May the luck of the Irish be with ya.

Now that it is officially St Patrick's Day, Happy Birthday to my late 1/2 Irish grandfather who turns 100 today! I feel old writing that.

Course restricted from 12noon today for St. Patrick's Day Golf Comp - shotgun start at 12.30pm. #StPatricksDay

People who still pinch others on St. Patricks Day I feel need to grow up

GEY ITS ST. PATRICK'S DAY I IUST NYOCED

I planned on wearing my green jeans tomorrow but then remembered it was St. Patricks day and I don't want to be ~that girl

Patrick Maroon's 6th goal of season is winner (on #Shnarped)

DUCKS VIDEO: Patrick Maroon 2-1 Goal at Kings (Mar. 15, 2014) (on #Shnarped)

A top of the mornin' to you this Monday morning! Happy St. Patricks Day!!!

Looks like the Monday right after spring break ends is not a good day for St. Patricks day.. Bitches be trippin tomorrow if they get pinched

It's St. Patricks day, everybody is Irish tonight.

I wish all my Friends. Happy. St. Patrick. Day

Is it possible to have too much Irish Spirit on St. Patrick's Day?  This comes close.

Why is st. Patricks day on a Monday!! They day NO ONE CARES ABOUT ANYTHING!!!

Good timing with the Green. HAPPY ST. PATRICKS Day ! You look Beautiful  with that GREAT Smile :-)

!!Happy st. Patrick's Day! How are u? :) Follow me

Happy St Patrick's Day love you .xx

I'm just gonna say it: Patrick Ewing had not aged well

Happy St Patrick's Day, love you all3

happy St Patrick's day to Baby!3

God bless y'all and love yas! Have a nice St. Patricks Day!!! Maybe get lucky! Lmao

Happy St. Patrick's Day, people!!! I'm stuck working today to enjoy it I'm to work now, i'll see you in 14 hours when I get home. :-) x

Happy saint patricks day to all #theirish .. Make it a good one, my little girl is doing her bit xxxx

Happy st. Patrick's! Why is it Monday and why  no one celebrates here?? #StPatricksDay

Was I the only one who forgot it's St. Patricks day tomorrow ? Wtf ..

tbh I don't really know the point of it but I know it's to celebrate  Saint Patrick and it's supposed to be a feast idek

What do I do on St Patricks Day? Stay inside and watch Adventure time of course!

good morning Mary, have a great St Patricks day,  hugs xx

Birthdays;Bobby Jones,Nat King Cole,Rudolf Nureyev,Patrick Duffy,Pat Rice,Kurt Russell,Lee Dixon,Edin Dzeko,Rory McGrath,

Happy St Patrick's Day everyone. We need more Irish BCM venues please

Boston and New York City's St. Patrick's Day Parades Are Mayor-Less:  People watch the annual St. Patr  taw #US

Belevari Marine wishes all Irish Expats and friends an amazing and happy St. Patrick's day.

Happy St Patrick's Day! To celebrate, I will be green with jealous rage today.

What the hell even is St. Patrick's Day

Good party  of  Saint Patrick's Day ;) and have a nice day :)

Happy St.Patricks Day, this is definitely gonna be me and my friends later

Happy Saint Patricks Day Lisa to u and yours

Happy Saint Patrick's day hope ur rested from last night! Hope the sun shines today. Big hugs xxxx

Happy St Patrick's Day! Cheers from Dubai! #PaddysDay2014 #StPatricksDay #Dubai

Happy St Patricks Day to all my Irish buddies wish I was in Dublin having a few pints of the black stuff #gutted

Happy St. Patrick's Day from your friends at Wynn's!!

IT'S HERE, WATCH LUCKY GET REVENGE ON ST. PATRICK'S DAY!!!!

So we have 3.16 for gakkai,, and we have Saint Patrick's Dayfor 3.17 ain't life just interesting? Celebrations, events

Y'all can play y'all st Patricks day game with somebody else don't bring that shit round me dead ass

I have to work today and idhtt for those childish people. Oh it's your day, your name is Patrick and it's st Patrick's day

FUCK YES, John Patrick Amedori is way too underrated.

isn't more like saint Patricks kind of day?

proud t be a redhead, happy St. Patricks day. On a bender

wow a morning rant over something as silly as st patricks day yes i am in a bad fucking mood

in honor of st patricks day green, i will peter pan it tomorrow #thisishappening #nevergrowingup

happy st patricks day;) don't get too drunk! Hahah

Happy #St.Patricks #day everyone especially my Husband #Sean and all my nieces and nephews in #Donegal

when they told me st patricks day tomorrow i was like :

Happy St Patrick day to all my irish friends and colleagues.

Today I will mostly be unfollowing all those who post the worst St. Patrick's day jokes. Do your worst.Make that any.

Happy St Patrick's Day! Gearing up for a fun filled day at school. We'll be making shamrock toasties and rainbow fruit salads.

no. I never celebrated st Patrick's day

St. Patrick's Day tomorrow. Come be a bar star with and I.

I wanna go out and have a few drinks for st Patricks day but I don't know anywhere to go besides the city

Happy Saint Patrick's Day bbys!

Happy St. Patrick's Day to my fellow Irish folks! Sport some green and get wasted! If you're not Irish, get wasted anyway!

#Purim and St. Patrick's Day collide (tipsily) this year - National #Israel #News | Haaretz

if someone tries to pinch me tomorrow, i will fucking punch you Saint Patricks day is a pointless holiday

We are open for business as usual this St.Patricks Day

My Sidhe Shamrock cake didn't last long at work today.  HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!

Is tomorrow (Monday) st Patricks day?

Shout out to all my Irish brothers  Sisters out there: HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY

Don't understand how English people celebrate St Patricks day but not the most important st Georges Day #strangepeople

Happy St Patricks day to all. #StPatricksDay :D

Happy St Patrick's/Fall Out Boy concert/1 year since The Script day !!!

So today's St. Patricks Day..

I hope everyone celebrated their St. Patrick's day responsibly lol

Happy St Patricks Day where ever you are

Top of the morning to you , happy St Patricks Day all x

St. Patrick's Day and Spring Break coincide? May god help us all.

Happy St. Patricks Day to all our loyal Facebook Friends at home in Cork and Away today.

St. Patricks Day Pregame Picks Practice! - Give it a run!

The great inflatable pint, aka St Patrick's Day for teetotals.

Wishing a happy St Patrick's day to people of Ireland  Nigeria  people everywhere who celebrate this day!#StPatricksDay #ErinGoBragh

Celebrate St Patrick's Day with our favourite green geeky things

Happy St. Patrick's Day to my friends in the Emerald Isle :)

Today is St Patrick's Day, and today's challenge is to pray for those who are far from home. #sphlent

HAPOY ST PATRICKS DAY LOL IT MEANS NOTHING

St. Patrick's Day is upon us. My powers are growing stronger and stronger.

Its St Patrick's Day - Give us your tenuous links to Ireland, the more tenuous the better!

Happy St Patrick's Day today. Have a great one wherever you are!

Happy Saint Patrick's Day fuckers

st patrick's day is like valentine's day for people who love whiskey and bad decisions.

Happy Birthday to my bro ! Have a great day ! Make sure to smoke that true Lucky Clover ! #TurnUp #StPatricksDay

Happy St Patricks Day and a very happy birthday to my amazing son Jared. Gosh 9 years opd today. I love you angel xxx

Happy St Patrick's Day to all. #GlassesUp to my brother Gerry!

Happy St Patrick's day everyone, especially my friends from across the Irish Sea

Happy St Patricks Day, we hope you have a great start to the week. Check what's on  and

and for that- I am filled with both hate and gratefulness for St. Patrick's Day

And that St Patrick bloke can fuck off as well..

Happy St Patricks Day to you all! :)RT this for good luck#VoteUKDirectioners #KCA

I 3 Guinness coz pulls Sponsorship of NYC St. Patrick's Day Parade over Openly Gay Marchers Ban.

Inspired by we've gone for the snake angle on our St.Patrick's day post  #crystallography365

Now GUINNESS drops out of New York City St Patrick's Day parade after gay bar threatens to stop serving the st

Happy Saint Patricks Day to everyone. Especially and :-).

If you're not Irish, shut up about St Patrick's Day. #bandwagon or #patronising can't decide.

if today is St. Patrick's day, then it's my saints day!! How long will the iphone cover take?? (:

happy St Patrick's day to yourself!  Enjoy the craic - I will later as it's also my 29 yrs anniv of being 21 :-D

3  #Happy #St #Patricks #Day ;PxXx3*O My Beautiful Soul Twin Flame ;PxXx3*O

Happy St Patricks day! Don't get too drunk or this is how you will end up! Lol!!

Happy Saint Patrick's Day to all our Irish readers!

Happy St Patrick's Day to all my loved ones, I'm sure Grandad is partying in the sky :)

Good morning and happy st Patricks day :) we are open already and cooking  baking plenty more

This is how cats may view St. Patrick's Day

It's 5pm on st Patricks day and I still am not wearing green#Dontpinchme

Happy St Patricks day to all of our Irish followers.

Yesterday I got to celebrate Purim, today it's Patrick' s Day. Festival overload.

Happy St. Patricks Day twitterverse. :D

Happy St Patricks Day folks.hope you have a good un..

Happy St Patricks day to all u irish , waiting for post to arrive for signed home album to arrive. #Excited

Praying for all tweeps on the feast of St Patrick, and for all the countries and organizations under his patronage. #StPatrick #Prayer

Happy St Patricks day to all my Irish followers. To all my English followers April 23rd is your day to celebrate.

Oh god i completely forgot it was st patricks tomorrow. Im irish tho?????

Abington St. Patrick's Day Parade rains candy

May love  laughter light your days  warm your heart and home.- Old Irish Blessing.Happy St Patricks Day you lot, now get your green on!

happy saint,Patrick's day xxz

This calls for a pint  Guinness pulls out of New York's St Patrick's Day parade over gay rights  via

Happy St Patricks Day Thomas!  Hugs

It's St. Patricks Day AND my little sisters birthday.

Happy St. Patrick's Day - Jameson Unveils Exclusive Label, CFM in Dublin

Let's go to St Patrick's day in Dublin! #StPatricksDay #Dublin #Guinness #Ireland

Wishing all of our Comhaltas members, families and supporters a great St Patricks Day and hope you all enjoy

Why is st patricks day so big in america like what its irish, i think americans like any excuse to do fun shit

To my followers in the UK, Happy St. Patrick's Day. Now drink up you bunch of bloody wankers.

Happy St Patricks Day. I'm accessorising with this  For more, to go

Have a very Happy St Patrick's Day!

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!I have to pee.

Great day for golf on St Patricks Day TSheet 021-4219001

lost his virginity on St. Patricks Day don't forget that beautiful fact about his life

i didnt remember st patricks day was todayhow did i forget

Happy St Patrick's Day to my Irish devil

Happy St Patricks Day (insert relevant Guinness emoticon) x

Whinging? Why? What did St Patrick's Day do to them?

Happy St Patrick's Day. If you are celebrating today, hope you have a blast!xxx

Happy st patricks day dad,hope your celebrating up there,rest in paradise xox

Wishing Y'all A Very Safe and Happy St Patrick's Day ! From Rob Connelly

Looking forward to another day in the studio with watching do the business!#COYBIG #stpatricksday

A tour of Ireland on St Patrick's day Co Kerry Three Sisters

Happy St. Patrick's Day to my fellow Irishmen and to everyone else.

Happy St Patrick's Day Everybody!! Whats your #Greendrink for the day ?!?!

Good morning and Happy St Patricks Day everyone! :D x

#Thanks to all our readers for their lovely St Patrick's Day tweets to the independent.ie team - we appreciate it! Enjoy yourselves!

Started St. Patricks Day off right with the roommate.

Happy St. Patrick's Day and Happy Holi everyone! #StPatricksDay #HappyHoli #Dubai #UAE

The world today celebrates St. Patrick's Day! #Congratulations

If you celebrated St. Patrick's day, I hate you.

A very happy St. Patrick's to day to all Patricks and all Irishmen and Irishwomen.

St Patrick's Day Flashmob in Sydney by Tourism Ireland:  via

Well it's St. Patrick's Day. Have you decided whose lawn you're going to puke on yet?

Happy St Patricks Day to everyone pretending to have some tenuous Irish connection today.

The Luck of the Irish is on Disney. How else are you supposed to celebrate St. Patrick's Day?

Happy St.Patrick's Day everyone :D x

Happy St. Patrick's Day Bring on the 'Luck of the Irish' !! #AwesomePeople

It's 2:30 on St. Patrick's dat where the fuck is my corned beef and cabbage

Patrick Beverley dunks over Chris Bosh and Chris Anderson

Happy St Patricks day which also means it's my aunts birthday and another year since my grandad passed away. Miss you grandad!

It's finally the one day a year being white af and a ginger is OK #OG #StPatricksDay

Happy St Patrick's Day to all our Irish friends, supporters and followers! Have a wonderful time. #GibHour #Gibraltar #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day love xx This is greeted from me and Courtney (my friend at school)

Morning everyone and Happy St Patricks Day to you all :-)

Happy St Patricks Day - Did you know these top 10 facts?

RECIPE: How to make Irish Soda Bread | St Patrick's Day |

I never realized how many people celebrated St Patricks day lol

People of all sexual orientations should be allowed to march in Boston's St. Patrick's Day parade as long as they are drunk.

Be Positive and a Bit Crazy  Happy Saint Patrick`s DayGood Morning

might have something Irish for ya Happy St Patrick's day

I plan to shoot my St.Patrick's Day special for The Odin Green Show later today! That should be on Youtube today

ohh happy st patricks day then yay

Wishing all our supporters at home and abroad a Happy St Patrick's Day

It all started with a lil scoop of ice cream. We released the kracken and heralded St. Patricks with old lahaina rum.

I'm not prepared for st patrick drunk niall.

Controversy fails to take fun out of St. Patrick's Day Parade - Boston Globe: Boston GlobeControversy fails to

Sean Patrick Rens is the next witness on the stand. Says he met #Oscar in May 2012 through Justin Devaris #OscarTrial

Lancelot Links: St Patrick's Day Edition. 10 Screenwriting links.

Happy St Patrick Day Mark :)

Happy Saint Patrick's Day, and happy birthday to Coincidence? I think not!

Happy St Patrick's Day to you all, wether you're Irish or just wish that you are. :)

DAY 76!!! (03.17.2010) HAPPY BIRTHDAY EMMA AND EVERY HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!!

Happy st. Patricks day aka my brothers birthday

patiently waits for to tweet about st. patrick's day

Wishing you's all a happy St. Patricks-DayHave a great day.and now, pass me a Guinness Slainte

Happy st Patrick's day! Don't forget tomorrow's grand opening at buffalo wild wings Eastlake in the otay ranch

Sean Patrick Rens next witness in #OscarTrial199

HAPPY ST. PATRICKS DAY NIALLER! AND TO ALL THE HORAN FAMILY, LOVE YOU ALLLLLLL X

Pls don't wish me a happy St Patrick's day, I'm not Irish, I'm English and Danish. But happy it to all who are indeed Irish

anthony's ready for saint patricks day cuz his car is already green

BBC News - St Patrick's Day: Belfast parade 'biggest in years'  - tomorrows headline: biggest hangover in years? ;-)

Would love to be in America or Ireland for St. Patricks Day

Happy St Patrick's day to all our Irish reflexology friends everywhere.

Happy St Patrick's day. These are some beautiful hellebores from the garden  #stpaddysday #green #flowers

A Brief History of Gays And The St. Patrick's Day Parade: New York and Boston may not see eye-to-e  #gay, #lgbt

Good morning and happy St. Patrick's Day!  Super cold this morning, but not quite to record territory.

It's st patricks day and i'm not at the irish #whyyyyyyyy

Top of the morning to you.. Happy St Patricks..

In Aldershot this morning where Kate and William will present shamrocks to the Irish Guards for St Patrick's Day.

Good morning Exeter!Have a magnificent St Patrick's Day Monday!

b/c I'm pinching people on Saint Patricks day.

I didn't even know st. patricks day was still a thing

Good morning Peter, Happy St Patricks day you I expect you've had a busy weekend celebrating?

I personally don't give a flaming bat fuck about St. Patrick's Day

Happy St Patrick's Day and congratulations to Ireland on winning the on Saturday! #crackingtournament

I wonder if St Patrick had a fridge.

I'm celebrating St. Patricks day by being envious of folk

Happy St Patricks Monday to all our shoppers

Happy Saint Patrick's Day everyone. Find themed activities on our board  #StPatricksDay

A little illustration for St Patrick's Day. #StPatricksDay #StPaddysDay #stpattys

Happy St Patricks day. Makes me think of my amazing Junior/YR pony named Patrick or Fatpat! Lovely memories!

Sick and it's fucking St. Patricks day , fts , tonight we'll turn up with the Irish come what may

Happy St Patrick's Dayy :) xxx

Happy St.Patricks day! I only have a khaki jacket but yeah that's better than nothing

Hello Leprechauns, today's saint 's day. Please dont let that Patrick eclipse your day. Keep on shining little star. Happy bday!

Happy St.Patricks Day what a day to be Irish

I'm home, due somewhat to the luck of the Irish. Happy St. Patrick's Day.

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! Be safe when drinking today for those of legal age!

Happy St Patricks Day, not on the parade today :( But will celebrate later for the craicerooooony yippee#slainte

Fun fact: St. Patrick is the patron saint of annexations that violate international law.

Guinness is good for you! Happy St. Patricks Day

goodnight sunshine have a lovely saint patrick's day get smashed for me okay ilysm

happy St Patricks day .local parade today then the local pub!

Happy St. Patrick's Day. Hope it's a great one. Tip a glass for

Happy St Patricks Day to all our Irish Friends and Followers

Happy Saint Patricks Day.A few Irish photos if you can ?

Going with the theme .. Happy St Patrick's Day

According to Pornhub St Patricks Day was Saturday. According to people I saw it was yesterday. According to Google it's today. When is it?!

Today is:My mum's birthday (Pat)St Patrick's DayThe start of Down's Syndrome Awareness WeekWhatever you're celebrating have a great day

by 10pm tonight, 9 shows, 3 tv appearances and a St Patrick's Day gig before a well earned day off #troupers ;-)

On st Patrick's day - 'I am of Ireland, come dance with me in Ireland' (wb yeats)

Happy St Patricks day to all of my friends home and abroad, a great little country

St. Patrick's wake up call from Kateshots. Super

Happy St Patricks day Irish peoples #kissmeyoureirish

Happy st patricks day twitter. Beef and Guiness stew for dinner tonight with cabbage and leeks.

Ah St Patrick's Day. The day when English people pretend they're Irish for 24 hours due to done tenuous link.

A Happy St Patrick's day to all  with thanks for lovely card , wishes and wonderful  poem .

RPT-NEWSMAKER-Outsider Patrick Drahi defies French establishment to win SFR: PARIS, March 14 (Reuters) - When

As an atheist Of Irish descent I feel it is hypocritical to celebrate st Patrick's day so I am celebrating march 17th day instead

It's St Patrick's Day. Let's act green

St Patricks day ain't shit but a reminder that it's only 5 months until my birthday.

Top 'o tho St. Patrick's day marnin to ye! #greenpancakes house Llantwit Major

Happy St Patrick's Day. Hope it's memorable.

Happy Saint Patrick's Day: Google Doodle celebrates patron saint of Ireland - 10 things you didn't know about the man

Happy St Patrick's Day leprechaun! :-)

Happy St. Patricks Day. #make it a great day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day embrace your #Irish Spirit keep it #CreativeMondays

RIP Patrick Nichols they don't make niggas like you know more  bro miss you bro

Happy St. Patrick's Day Everyone! Cheers to you! :D

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all our friends and followers.

happy st Patricks day to you laurie !! Bet these are the days you miss knocking around Thomand !! It has been a great few days

Happy St.Patrick's Day from everyone at Giraffe Childcare x Enjoy!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! How would he have celebrated that day?

Top O' the morning to you! Happy St. Patrick's Day to you all! #fb

Good Morning everybody, Happy St. Patricks Day.

Happy #StPatricksDay everyone, enjoy your day/evening (goes without saying!) get a cab home  don't cook please :-)

Happy St patricks day to one  all, enjoy xxx

Happy st Patricks day to my Irish bredrin

St Patrick's day special!!! A mixed of green apple and lychee slooshi with peach jellies!

Did you know - originally, the colour associated with Saint Patrick was blue? Happy St Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's day to my favorite leprechaun

With today being the feast day of Saint Patrick, let us celebrate his achievement of ridding a land of snakes when there were none anyway.

Happy St Patricks Day to anybody on here that's Irish :)

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all. Best of luck to the Senior Footballers!!! You can do it!!! Naomh Uinsionn Abu!!!

I just realized I put 2 segments at the virtual set -- in front of the wallon St. Patrick's Day. #ProducerProbs

St Patrick's Day: The Cow, London, review  #London

Irish jumping for joy, happy St Patrick's day. Celebrations continue today at the Purdy Arms, Karen.My

I'd also love to hear about any #StPatricksDay events outside Ireland. Send me a tweet for the Paddy's day blog.

Happy St Patrick's Day! How did Green come to symbolise St Patrick's Day?  #Colour Symbolism #Colour In Culture

Happy St Patrick's Day, to all our Irish colleagues!

I hope you all have a shite St Patricks Day.

Happy St Patrick's day everybody! Ideally today would have been spent in the pub but alas I shall be pulling an all nighter to do my essay.

Don't you just love train journeys. Someone farts and the smell just lingers!! going Green alright, Happy St Patricks Day!

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY ! , Post a selfie will ya ? Xx

Happy St Patrick's day to your Irish arse

Happy st Patricks day, have a good one where ever u are:-) ta ceann maith:-)

Going to be a quiet day at work for me, my team deals with NI  it's St Patrick's Day so all brokers are closed. #happydays #StPatricksDay

Happy St.Patrick's Day - here's a clip from THE band which ignited my interest in Irish music

It's finally here! Don't miss out on our Paddy's day celebrations #StPatricksDay #241cocktails

Happy St Patrick's Day: Hiya crafty friends, Happy St Patrick's DayWishing you lucky day today and sending you

my cousin (7years)told me at school on Friday the teacher was saying about St Patrick's Day , she said hand up if you know a famous irishman

#MM Happy St Patrick's Day to you too  crew

We are celebrating St Patrick's Day today so it is all about GREEN makeup! We love this eye!

St Patrick's Day - lets see 3 EMERALD GREEN 3 makes

Happy st Patricks day to you  the family. Have a good one :)

Happy St Patrick's Day to all the Irish tweeters, and to those who just like drinking Guinness! Have a great day! #MondayMotivation

Its not St.Patrick's day until Capital Fm plays that 'Even though there aint a drop of Irish in my blood,I celebrate St.Patty's day..'

Top o' the morning to you. Today's St Patrick's Day.

Good morning all. Happy St Patrick's Day to all Irish followers.Well done in the Rugby too :-)

Oh because St. Patricks Day is TOTALLY ALL ABOUT NIALL -.- It is trending tho!!

TODAY!St Patrick's Day Acoustic Picnic 1pm will be playing! Family! Fun! Free! #music

Good morning and Happy St Patrick's day  And please no ginger beards, Guinness top hats and/or leprechauns

Happy St Patrick's day from #Ireland. Perfect day for a run to get #Dustonmyshoes

if only we celebrated St. Patrick's Day here in the Philippines though

Happy St Patricks Day to go all I Love Paddy Day

Want great Irish music on St Patrick's day? Something, 'traditional' but 'out there'? You're welcome

I love this song and guess what it IS St. Patrick's Day.

Almost forgot it was #Stpatricksday may your day be filled with Irish luck!!!X

Here's a little gem to get your St Patrick's Day started!

Happy ST Patrick's daynot related but I have blogged this morning in case FB does not show you the auto link

Happy St Patricks Day. Just remembering my aunt always posted us a posy of fresh, green shamrock picked from her garden in Ireland.

Happy Saint Patrick's Day Everyone, Today at our centre -2pm to 5 pm Traditional music,5.30pm to 8pmDancing

Happy st Patrick day to all off to CarrickThe first cycle race I did 22 years ago

They playing irish music on the bus because st Patricks day

Happy St. Patrick's day!!!! get your knitting on with a shamrock !free download

Happy St. Patricks day to all the genuine Irish people. Not the ones who wear a Celtic top, drink Guiness and call themselves Irish. Knobs.

Happy  blessed St Patrick's Day!! Thanks for new additions to website ( much appreciated!

Photo: Happy st. patricks day people #St_patrick #Lucky #Green #Gold #Rainbow #Amman #Jo #Jordan #NY

Have a great, sober and safe St. Patricks Day everyone!

Lovely  Monday morning . Happy St Patricks Day .

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all my delightful Facebook friends both far and near!Here's a little VERY Irish

Happy St. Patricks Day. Think green. Think spring. Counting the days

My sister was born on this day, St Patrick's day and she was married at St Patrick's church to a guy named Patrick. Crazy coincidence.

Happy St Patrick's day. I've been informed that you guys, my Irish friends, have celebrated like never before Have to make it out there soon

Happy St. Patrick's Day followers!!! :D

Why do people celebrate St Patrick's day, but not St George's day? You're not Irish

In case you are not already sorted for today check out St Patrick's Day resources on #PrometheanPlanet  #ActivChat

Happy St Patrick's Day from The chq Building

Beautiful Ireland on a wonderful St Patricks day.

#StPatricksDay Lovin' the google logo for the day that's in it Happy St. Patrick's Day :)

Snow on St Patrick's day WOW and Thursday is the 1st day of Spring. #SMH #HappySAINTPATRICKSDAY

Saint Patrick's Day -- Irish -- Niall. So, happy Saint Patrick's Day ! :D

Happy st.patricks day to all my lil irish followers x

I hate when americans call #StPatricksDay st pattys. Its Paddys you fucking idiots

Today is St. Patrick's Day. We know because we checked our calendar. To be sure.

Happy St Patrick's Day to all my Irish friends!! Please show me: how are you doing your nails today?

Need to fall back asleepbig day ahead!! #StPatricksDay

I'm Irish and all that, but I don't like people getting pissed on St. Patrick's Day.

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all our Irish friends! Check out Guinness offers with Daily Offers

Happy st Patrick's day to my Irish friends, and those that love a good knees up x

Happy st Patricks day!! It's the most wonderfull time of the year

New Badge:ID: UK304Name: The Lucky Leprechaun 2014Desc: Happy St. Patrick's Day from HabboHeights.  #habbo

There's More to Ireland Than St. Patrick's Day

Happy St Patricks Day !  Top O the Morning to Ya, and here's to some luck Othe Irish! xxWhats your name?

Happy ST. Patricks Day to all my family and friends across Ireland and around the world. Have a great day!#ProudToBeIrish #StPatricksDay

Do u think it's acceptable to wear a balaclava since it's st Patricks day??

Tera, Happy St. Patrick's Day to my fab GMC weather gal! Got have a few Pints of Guinness w/ Cornbeef  Cabbage! Have a GR8 day!

Happy St Patricks day to all our Christian brothers and sisters!

St Patricks Day today :all day

Wishing a Happy St Patrick's Day to all our Irish friends - have a great day!

Happy St. Patricks's day. Time to wear green, pretend I'm Irish and find some green beer.

Happy Saint Patrick's Day to you! #StPatricksDay

happy st Patricks day I'll be in the queue with Guinness cake!!

happy St Patrick's day Gao

Happy #StPatricksDay to all my peeps. I'm dealing CRAIC All day!

Happy St Patricks Day from Wales . Slainte  :-D

A happy St. Patrick's Day to all you closet Irish people.

Happy St Patrick's Day to all the Oirish folk out there! Guinness anyone?

St Patrick driving the elephants out of Ireland. (NAHIIIN!)

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Just getting ready to set off to the Parade in Bunclody. Hope to see you all there.

To bad I don't have anything green to wear :p Happy St Patrick's Day

Happy St Patrick's day my friend, hope you're doing okay xxx

Happy St Patricks Day from all at Wiggleywoo! we're off to the Dublin parade now!

I married into an Irish family, but still find out it's St Patrick's Day on Twitter.

I should wear my St.Patrick's day t-shirt

Last minute rehearsals at the St. Patricks Day Parade!

*on way to blow up horses in Hyde Park*  **Happy St. Patricks day**

It's St Patricks Day! All down the Stag in The Old Town tonight for great music, Guinness and good times!

Happy St Patrick day, may the luck of the I rush go with you throughout the year ahead.And just as St Patrick

Top ov the morning 2 ya happy st Patricks day

In honour of St Patrick, surely one of the greatest hymns ever?

To celebrate St Patrick's day I have caught her cold and have green snot :-( #fb

Me: *freaks out bc st. patricks day and I'm not wearing green*Me: *looks down at self*Me: *realises school uniform is green*

I'm gonna annoy everyone today with my happiness HAPPY ST PATRICKS DAY!

It's St Patrick's Day today - just as well we did our parade nice  early a week ago!

Happy st patrick's Day every one ! Lots of love xxxx

Good morning Ann,Happy Birthday to him! called Patrick ? :) Aren't we lucky with this spell of good weather ? Wonderful:)x

Ah St Patrick's Day. The Day when three quarters of the world's population claim Irish ancestry :-)

Happy St Patricks fr our house to yours - looking 4ward 2 NW historic hse show #gogreen4stpatricks

Happy St. Patrick's Day my Friends!The man who pays the piper calls the tune.~ Irish Proverb

Another advantage of living in Ireland,  you get a day off on St Patricks day :D yaaay

Happy St Patrick's Day from Lowfield Farm! #LowfieldFarm #Bakewell  #dogfriendly

Morning - Happy St Patrick's Day! What are you planning to do to celebrate? :)

A bit of St Patricks Day silliness to start the morning for you!

Are we celebrating St. Patrick's Day or is this something we shall blame illegal sanctions for hampering us from partaking in?

I put a hat on my dog for the sake of a St. Patrick's day pun.

Thousands celebrated St Patricks in Trafalgar Square yesterday. Celebrate today with a Guinness at Brambletye Hotel

Happy St. Patrick's day to all!!! Don't forget to come down tonight for our annual Paddy's party. Great drink

Happy St Patrick's DayBlackthorn with us LIVE in the studio all morning to get your Shamrock Shakin'

IF UR ALL AT SCHOOL HOW ARE U SUPPOSED TO GO TO THE ST PATRICKS PARADES

close, its a St Patricks day blessing to you! Its one of the only days I use Irish!

It's technically saint patrick's day already, I'm gonna go pinch my sister while she sleeps lol.

Happy St Patricks day to family and friends

Seeing tweets about St Patrick's Day. I'm all for it. Being from where we're from is ace. Everyone thinks so. Enjoy it. Even for one day.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Here's a pic of Niall grabbing a bottle of water right in front of me byee

Happy St Patrick's Day to you! Do you still have your dilly-bobs?

We have 490 fans!!!  Can the leprechaun make it 500 on this snowy St. Patrick's Day?

So glad to see that have pulled out of NYC St Patrick's parade sponsorship. Actions of organisers are a disgrace.

Happy St. Patrick's Day. Think a lunch time Guinness is in order.

Happy St.Patrick's Day! Just got my Irish citizenship #booyakasha

ST PATRICKS DAY 1p GUINNESS GIVEAWAY! GET ON GUESTLIST NOW 07801090225

St Patricks Day or Paddys day. Not Pattys! He's not a burger

St Patricks days always reminds me of going to see for the first time in Birmingham

Some good St Patricks Day spirit by haha have a good one!

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all my Irish friend's and followers.

It's St Patrick's day, it's allowed :)

Happy Saint Patrick's Day ! ! ! :Dxxxx

Happy Saint Patricks Day///Ireland's Call  via

Happy Saint Patrick's Day everyone!! May the luck of the Irish bring you good fortunes and God give you many blessings..Xx

Happy St. Patrick's Day one and all, enjoy the celebrations wherever in the world you are #gogreen4stpatricks !

Happy St Patrick's Day from all at the Saltmarket CSC

So much stereotypical BS about St Patrick's Day boozing. At least get the shamrock right. It has only 3 leaves.#rant

Happy St. Patrick`s Day cant wait to be on the Emerald Islewill have a pint of the black stuff after Wine Importers tasteing at the Glen

APS schools and offices closed today- Happy St Patrick' Day

Happy St Patrick day my Irish brothers and sisters.Have a drink or 2 for me.

Happy St Patrick's Day from Co. Antrim, Northern Ireland. Home of Murphy and the Delegate team

Happy St. Patricks Day to all our Irish friends Have a wonderful day :)

Ah its St Patricks Day, where's my Guiness? Im joking thats craps disgusting. Double whiskey  coke please

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Don't forget to wear some green today:)

Morning Monday  happy St Patrick's day to all our friends and family :)

Happy St Patricks day fellow dublin buds!! #goodtimes :-)

in honour of St Patricks Day, I will be listening to a lot of The Dubliners and Thin Lizzy.

happy St Patrick's day Lana from all ur Irish fans top of the morning to ya X RT X

Happy Patricks Day ya all my Irish mates  and non irish mates . Where d pint of lager . Hands up in the air ,

Turn your kids green and put them in a dye bath for #StPatrick day  = Happy Saint Patricks Day!

So,.what's the point of St. Patrick's Day exactly?

Back to work today after a wonderful 4 day break. St Patricks day..eekk..its gna be crazy busy!

Happy St Patricks day Enjoy your Guinness ;)

To all me Irish mates, anyone wearing green or having  heard the Dubliners sometime or another : have a great St. Patrick's Day !

A very Happy St. Patrick's Day to all our followers far and wide!

And this year I will happily celebrate St Patrick's Day in bed :)

Happy st Patrick's day to ya all

Why did the irishman wear three condoms? To be sure  to be sure to be sure :-) Happy Saint Patricks day! :-) xx

Funny how on st patricks day you realise 3 quarters of the people you know are Irish

awake with my 2 year old who has a bad fever. Have a wonderful St Patricks Day!

NightOwls LIVE from Limerick! Reporting on St Patricks DayTune in every from 10pm-2am across the week

Happy St Patricks Day to all the Irish. Except the Provisional IRA and those americans who insist on claiming theyre Irish.

morning you'd, happy st Patrick's x

Happy St. Patrick's day everyone, even though most of you are asleep.

St Patricks Day! Wear your JetJade string body  have a cheeky lunchtime Guinness today!  |

Google Celebrates St. Patrick's Day with Doodle

Good morning! It's Monday, March 17th. St. Patrick's Day. Celebrate safely and responsibly.

Happy St Patricks day to all my followers have a good one :)

Idk st Patricks day reminds me of Niall and how much he loves his country I. JUST IMAGINE WHAT HELL BE DOING OHMGOSH

Happy St Patricks day everyone have a great day what ever your plans

From all of the people in Iowa, Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Today is St. Patrick's Day. Patrick Jane is definitely NOT a saint. #fact #badboy #TheMentalist

School tomorrow ugh and its saint Patricks day its just and excuse to pinch someone and get away with it XC!!!

Happy #StPatricksDay one and all. Enjoy the day!

St Patrick's day with me cousin Molly 'as started lazily, like. Later there'll be dancin' and whiskey for us pair o' Irish gals.

OMG TODAY IS ST. PATRICKS DAY HOLY CRAIC

COME CELEBRATE ST. PATRICK'S DAY HK!! OPENING CORN BEEF  CABBAGE $15, GREEN COORS LITE $5, WHISKEY SHOT  A BEER $10!

St. Patrick's day is just an excuse for idiots to get shit faced. #NoCulture

Happy St Patricks day to everyone, especially all my irish friends..Enjoy.

since its st patrick's day, can i eat your lucky charm

Top of the morning to u all. Happy st Patricks day .I'm celebrating it in Amsterdam :-)

Where have you celebrated #St.Patrick's Day? I've been in Ottawa, Costa Rica, Malaysia and Australia drinking my #green smoothies.

I wonder what a good st Patrick's day parade I like?

Oh and everyone Happy St.Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! I'm not a #Guinness drinker but a very happy compromise, Guinness chocolate cake.

Happy St  Patricks Day from all at A day for #family fun

st. patricks day with cumberbatch hair #609060

just realised I'm wearing a green jumper for St. Patricks Day. Completely accidental. Or was my subconcious marking it for me?

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Do you do anything to celebrate this day? Is it just an excuse for the boys to drink beer?!

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! Do you have Irish Ancestry?

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Fareham Shopping Centre!May you be poor in misfortune, rich in blessings, slow to

Wishing you all a very Happy  healthy St Patrick's Day.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! What's your favorite Irish inspired street or city in North Texas?

Happy ST Patricks Day twitter fam #HappyStPatricksDay #StPatricksDay #potofgold #StPattiesDay

Happy St Patricks Day, sorry about that potato famine thynge..but to be honest ye should hath fukking tried to grow carrots as well..

Patrick - the leader responsible for than getting rid of snakes!Happy St.Patrick's Day

Happy St Patrick's Day! Do you see all the #green on the radar? Join us on #Local6 for more news and weather.

Happy Monday and St Patrick's Day! What a Michael Jackson tune kicking off the time tunnel, what year..? Toby #TimeTunnel

Snow/Ice Conditions: on multiple routes in Patrick Co. Potential Delays.5:00AM

To celebrate St Patrick's Day we are offering FREE POSTAGE on all ODi T-Shirts ordered today! Available in a

Happy Saint Patricks everyone!!See you for a pint this evening!

The Irish used to observe St. Patrick's Day with quiet reflection. It only became a day of heavy drinking one year it wouldn't stop snowing.

It's St Patrick's Day today - will you be doing anything to celebrate?

Celebrating St Patrick's Day is the perfect reason to drape oneself in emeralds! #stpatrickday

Morning #vegans Happy St Patrick's Day! We wanted to share more treats with you ;) #cupcakes #baking

Happy St Patrick's day! Instead of drinking too much, read #books by #Irish #authors - Irish are good at #writing too! #StPatricksDay

Do Spaniards take part of the pinching thing for st Patricks day cause if they do I'm fucked #nogreen #spainprobs

Happy St. Patrick's Day folks!!We will be closed today as we're off having fun!! We will reopen tomorrow morning

Happy Saint Patrick's Day Kilty. Don't ask!!!!! Lol #KiltyLove :)

Happy St Patricks Day #inishowen  #donegal  #ireland Bay

Happy St Patricks day have a nice day guys! ;)

Saint Patrick's Day Pancake Breakfast at the VFW in Terre Haute. Serving until 10 A.M.

Happy Saint Patrick's day to all my underage, rebel followers

excellent blog post by Terry O'Hagan on  St Patrick the man

Happy St.Patrick's Day to all the Irish around the world, have a great day!

Happy St. Patrick's day to all of our friends in Ireland and the 25% of the British population with Irish roots!

Sending you all some luck on St Patricks day.  Share the luck on this great day.  #StPatricksDay

I am tempted to make green pancakes in celebration of st. Patricks day. Dya think that's maybe a step too far? #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day to any of our wonderful Irish followers!

Happy St. Patricks day to everyone but more importantly to all the Paddys out their.

Happy St. Patrick's Day to you all! We know there's normally good ale involved in the celebrations so remember to protect the upholstery :)

#OnThisDay #OTD 1902 15,000 present in the NY St Patrick's Day parade. That's a 50% increase since 1902. AOH and Clan-na-Gael prominent.

Good morning!  Happy St. Patrick's day!  Get up and lets get it

St.Patrick's day in Ireland? I think so! #StPatricksDay #Galway #Ireland

wait what its saint patricks day

Happy St. Patrick's Day! How would he have celebrated?

In hoolihans for st patricks day! have a good one#upem

Happy St. Patrick's Day! is closed today due to snow. We hope you are enjoying Spring Break.

Happy St Patricks Day from everybody here at

Derek McIntyre, roving reporter joins Alex Jenkins for a report from Belfast's St Patrick's Weekend celebrations.

Creative Director PATRICK CLAIR details the creation of the title sequence  #truedetective

Happy St Patrick's Day to all our lady #golf lovers. A special card to share on your facebook pages today!

#Happy st. Patrick's day what a weekend an Irish winner of the gold, Ireland winning the six nations and mufc 0-3 lfc

Playin tonight #Arvada 5pm-630. I'm lovin #denver so far and look forward the next couple days. Happy #StPatricksDay everyone.

Good morning! It's a cold  rainy St. Patrick's Day! . has some Irish antics that should bring some sunshine! See you soon..

Happy St.Patrick's day,hun!!Enjoy!!..drink one fab Irish beer for me(can't get it here this time of the year)!:)) xx 3

ST. PATRICK WAS MARTYRED SO THAT YOU COULD GET DRUNK AT BREAKFAST IN A SOCIALLY ACCEPTABLE WAY AT LEAST ONCE A YEAR SHOW SOME RESPECT

Happy St Patrick's Day Everyone! Hope You have a great Monday!

Traditional St. Patrick's Day feast

Tcps is closed for St. Patricks day due to snow covered roads. Hopefully better luck tomorrow for getting everyone back to school.

check out our St. Patrick's Day sale.. 10% of  everything.

Celebrate St. Patrick's Day with us at The Quays - It's all happening here, we've traditional Irish music  dance

Just because it's St Patricks Day doesn't make it acceptable to put Boyzone on my TV

Happy St. Patrick's Day from the team at Jinnah. Our Buffets on tonight so come celebrate and each as much as you

School systems operating on a two-hour delay: Guilford Co., Rockingham Co, Stokes Co., Alleghany Co. (VA)  Patrick Co. (VA).

Happy St Patrick's Day to u #TheHoranFamily!     Love u soo much! xxxx

Happy St Patricks Day to you two, Emilia and Junior :) x

thanks for the follow have a great paddy's day!

#HappyMonday AND Happy #StPatricks Day! Here is our lovely 'St Patrick's soup' recipe to celebrate :-)

The world turns green for St Patrick's day #StPatricksDay

Happy St Patrick's Day to all my followers great day to be Irish xxxxxx

Eat Guinness Cake. It's St Patricks day after all. Would be rude not to.

St Patrick wasn't just about snakes. He also lit a fire only he could put out  his staff grew into a tree. Basically, the Irish Gandalf.

Dissident republicans to join St Patrick's parade in New York: For PSNI it will be like stepping back to 1985

Happy St. Patrick's day!!!!  Both Pointe-Claire  Vaudreuil Mckibbin's Irish Pub have charity breakfast. Great

Happy St.Patricks Day! Hope ye all have plenty of Guinness, Jameson and Bailey's!

Green donuts in the newsroom?? Must be St. Patrick's Day! #IrishPride

Happy St Patrick Day x

Not that this would set you to #caring, but band choice doubly appropriate for St. Patrick's Day- Thin Lizzy is Irish.

Guinness withdraw's their sponsorship of the Saint Patrick's day parade - CNN report here:

Happy st Patrick's day to all my Irish friends :0)

The local news should cover the first person to throw up on St. Patrick's Day the way they cover the first baby born after New Year's.

Men  Women all over the world celebrate St Patrick's day!

happy st Patricks day! it also my moms birthday

Enjoy, it's got a cracking chorus! Happy St Patricks day Cliff :)

Vi feirer St Patrick's Day med tre irske krimfilmer. Fra Boston da, selvsagt:

Happy St. Patrick's Day! If you're heading to the Bridgeport parade, bundle up. It will be cloudy, breezy,  cold with a high of 34 degrees.

As it's St Patrick's Day we will be celebrating by serving a special Irish menu including Galway Oysters with a Guinness foam. Tempted?

today Saint Patrick's Day! Celebrating? :)

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all our friends far and near,

Happy St Patrick's Day to all my Irish friends and family. Did you go to any of the Parades yesterday?

1st of many! Happy St Patricks day

Happy St Patrick's Day, good people of Twitter. Where's your number one favourite place in the Emerald Isle?

So its St Patrick's Day today. But I'm not going to a parade, instead I shall photograph the outside and dye my hair xD

Happy St. Patrick's day Minty pudding with Oreo rocks

Happy St Patricks Day lovely friends x have gr8 day xx

Happy st Patricks day to all my Irish friends, and to all the plastics out there aswel, enjoy people!!!!

St. Mary's County Public Schools are closed on Monday, March 17, 2014. Stay warm and Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! How are you celebrating it?

Happy St Patricks Day! Will try a couple of Guinness tonight perhaps?

The perfect accessory for every St.Patrick Day!! Checkout these perfect selection of Clutch Bags online:

Happy Monday and Happy St Patrick's Day Everyone :) We hope you have a great week!!

St Patrick was from Britain  initially taken to Ireland as a slave. Still any excuse for a guinness for me

LET'S WATCH EVERYONE PRETEND THEY'RE 1/80th IRISH BECAUSE IT'S ST PATRICK'S DAY

Have a great St Patrick's Day from all of us at NRG!!

Happy St Patricks Day Crystal!!!! :-)

Going to celebrate St Patrick's day with a well deserved nap! #rockon #partyanimal #wild

happy #StPatricksDay miss you more each day

Happy St. Patrick's Day from everyone at Eden Scott. We are full of the Irish spirit this morning! #StPatricksDay

Happy St Patrick's Day to you too. As you keep us laughing may St Patrick keep us focused.

Top o' the mornin' eveyone and Happy St Patrick's day!

Happy St Patrick's Day from Should you require it, Guinness is available at the bar.

Nice bit of soda bread and Barry's tea for breakfast today. Happy St Patricks day!

Guinness has cancelled its sponsorship of the New York City St Patrick's Day parade today:

ahh fun, cya later then (: happy st. Patrick's day bro ;-)

Happy St Patrick's to all Irish twriends

Ft. Myers Beach ROAD CLOSURE: Estero Blvd. from Ascension Church to Santini Plaza will be closed 9:30-11:30am for St. Patrick's Day parade.

St. Patrick's Day pick up line:  will you be the pot 'o gold at the end of my rainbow?

and all my Irish friends: Happy Saint Patrick's day

Heineken also withdraws from NYC St Patrick's sponsorship in support of gay rights. is still a sponsor.

Happy St Patrick's day everyone, hope you all have a grand day!

all you irish people consider yourselves lucky bc you get a day off for st. patrick's day

Have a merry St Patricks day!

8 things we all did on St Patrick's Day as kids (via

Happy #StPatricksDay! May your day be blessed with a bit of Irish luck ;-)

Who works on St. Patrick's Day? Outrageous.

Happy St Patricks day from Dublin pal..great day yesterday ;-)#YNWA

Happy St Patricks Dayput on the the green for Life is Good.

Happy Saint Patricks day you pikey fuckers

I am a hopeless romantic mixed with patrick bateman. Fuck i love that movie.

May you live as long as you want, And never want as long as you live.  Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy #StPatricksDay to all my friends and colleagues in Ireland! Do I still qualify for a day off????!!!

Guinness withdraws sponsorship of New York St Patricks Day parade due to ban on #LGBT participants.  #StPatricksDay

Already fed up hearing people go on about St Patrick's day.

Happy St. Patricks Day - Did you see any of the Irish Festival Parade in Manchester yesterday?

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! O'Connell Monument

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! Don't go overboard with the Guinness! #StPatricksDay

Happy feckin' St Patrick's Day to all my good friends over the water.  I'd imagine there will be some spectacular hangovers tomorrow..

FASCINATING AIDA - Cheap Flights:  via Happy St Patrick's Day!!

Today is St.Patricks day. It's not Gay Pride Day. One day a year to be Irish and to flaunt we're irish.

Happy St Patricks Day fans !! call in to get something substantial in that tummy of yours !!Mixgreens Brunch -

Happy Holi  St. Patrick's Day to everyone! As a celebration, we refreshed our website :) Check it out at

We'll be surveying the Rock later this year. In the meantime: Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St Patricks Day from ARC, Celebrate by signing the petition to #repealthe8th amendment:

Big up all the Irish people ur day 2day 1 bag of Guinness drink up #StPatricksDay

Mcasso Studio 4 ready to party tonight for St Patricks! you around?!!

Happy #StPatricksDay ! Here are some little know facts about the day and the man himself from the

I thought it was just Irish Catholics who celebrated St Patricks day?

SL: We are feeling festive are you? Good morning and happy St. Patrick's Day :) #St.Patty'sDay #FeelingGreen

Happy St Patricks Day, to everyone who's Irish. #StPatricksDay

HAPPY ST PATRICK'S DAY GUY'S!!!!!!!!!!!!

He's back St Patrick's Day + Rob Ford what could possibly go wrong?

Merry St Patricks Day my brethren

In honor of St Patrick's day I decided to get up at 5:30 in the morningnot really.

Happy St Patricks Day from all at MARS!

actually St Patrick was a Catholic.  And we love him.

all I know about st Patrick's day is that people wear green and drink beer

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  G'day Cafe) [pic]:

Happy St Patrick's day. Enjoy the craic at our comedy night tonight.

We're live from Shoal Crossing Event Center for a sneak peek at today's St. Patrick's Day Austin

Happy St. Patrick's Dayand it's my birthday!! :)

Happy st. Patricks day #Shirley. It's going to be a sunny one. Did u have a good weekend?

#INTERESTING: A St. Patrick's Day film festival: The best, no blarney - The Star-Ledger: A St. Patrick's Day f

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Today we are all Irish :)

Happy St. Patrick's day! the rainbow

Great time for Ireland, six nations victory on the weekend and St Partrick's Day today - Guiness all round! #sixnations #StPatricksDay

Happy St Patricks Day everyone. The one eighth of me that comes from the Emerald Isle will be celebrating later! #BeingGreen

How about you Patrick your way into my followers? Just an idea there ;) Happy St. Patrick's Day JJ  x !!

Happy St Patrick's Day! The London Eye turned green this weekend to celebrate the occasion..

St. Patrick's Day, 2014  Dear Mother Nature, I LOVE YOU! Will U marry me?

it is a beatiful 13 C here on st patrick day in Ireland. Cows are out loven it. Will be planting Corn here soon. Robert

Happy St. Patricks Day from Lee Pace News:)

Today is St. Patrick's Day; tradition states that in 461 St. Patrick, the patron saint of Ireland, died.

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  #Rain today, high 63.  Showers tonight, low 48.  #Savannah #StPatricksDay

Let it be known. I don't give a fig about St Patrick. And I don't like Guinness. Humbug.

Does Andy Townsend celebrate St Patricks Day?

Happy St Patrick's Day! A slow cooked stew or roasted ham was always traditional. Will you be having a special dinner today? #dinnertimes

#Nottingham's Official #RobinHood is taking part in the city's St. Patrick's Day parade from the Forest to the Square at 12noon! #LoveNotts

Happy st Patricks day to all you fucking sexy Irish lassies! :)

Top of the morning to ya, now where's my fecking drink? Happy St Patricks Day!

I am one sixteenth Irish, so I just spent one-sixteenth of the day celebrating. To every other Celt: Happy St Patrick's Day!

Happy St Patrick's Day, everyone! I shall be riverdancing at my desk. #StPatricksDay

Happy St Patricks Day folks!! Keep the Faith.

Happy St. Patrick's day to all my Irish friends and to all my friends and followers ;)

Happy St Patricks day, Chicken :):):):):)

Happy St Patrick's Day! Who's joining us at the weekend to celebrate? #paddysday #londonirish #rugby

Happy Saint Patrick's day from the four proud provinces of Ireland. #SanPatricio

St. Patrick's day? Mah favourite day. Everyone wears green!

Happy St Patricks Day to all my Irish clients and followers xI hope you have a brilliant day x

HAPPY ST PATRICK'S DAY TO ALL OUR FRIENDS AND FAMILY!!!!!

Happy St Patrick's Day!!!!!  Be safe!!!!  RUHE HAUS

Happy St Patrick's DayEven BBC admits it was wrong to allow OwenPaterson2say it was #badgercull in Southern Ireland which reduced cattlebTB

St. Patrick's Day greeting =) you know how I'm imagining? disguised as a goblin ahaha =)

Happy St. Patrick's Day! May The Road Rise Up To Meet You, Because The Wind Will Be In Your Face! N-NE Wind at 15-25mph During The Parade!

Happy St Patrick's Day! Check out this shamrock pendant

Danny Boy:  via in honor of st patricks day

Wishing all our Irish followers a very Happy St Patrick's Day today! Have a wonderful day!

To All The Real Paddy's, Happy St Patricks Day!

Happy St.Patrick's day to all CFC fans.

That's a fairly supernatural skill, banishing snakes from an entire country! Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St Patricks day, lets have some guiness.

Happy St Patrick's day! These on-trend buys will leave your pet pals green with envy  #stpattys

HAPPY ST.PATRICK'S DAY FROM ME TO YOU ALL xxx

Happy St Patrick's everyone but who's going to be celebrating St George's day next month,?????

Happy St Patricks Day to everyone, from , little man Alfie + myself - have a great day!

Happy St Patricks day and best of luck to #OmaghCBS in the MacRory cup final #macrorycup2014

Chef's are getting ready for St . Patrick lunch!

Up at 5 am to workout on St. Patricks Day. What is my life coming to?

HELLO ARE YOU BUSY TODAY !!!!! HAPPY ST PATRICK'S DAY

Happy St Patricks Day! Play our Irish theme slot game: Pots O Plenty today to get in the Irish Mood. You could

what about the Irish living all over the world? Did you know America has one of the biggest st Patrick's day parade?

This day 8 years ago I arrived in Calgary. St Patrick's day, central Calgary, you can imagine how well that turned out.

Did you know that St Patrick became the patron Saint of Ireland as early as the 7th century? #FunFact #HappyStPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day! How will you be celebrating?  Just in case. these might come in handy later.

Happy St Patrick's day everyone, especially and all my friends in #Dublin

Baby scan today! Also will hopefully find out the sex all while it's on St. Patrick's Day. No we will not name the child Paddy.

A Very Happy St. Patrick's Day to every one!!!     3:)

Happy St. Patrick's Day! What is everyone doing to celebrate it?

makes u one thirty second Irish?!? .. by my reckining and computation ur entitled to a good 12hours of St Patrick's Day :))

cheers mate but yeh i dunno why get excited about st patricks day but bot st georges!

surprised i haven't seen a #snow on st. patricks day indicator as to how the market will do today$SPY

Happy St Patricks Day!!For those who noticed the green sea - it's a harmless fluorescent dye for a water

So sick of all this Irish stereotype, As soon as i finish this drink I'm gonna punch someone.Happy saint patrick's day.

Australia Day and st Patrick's day is alot more fun There is the truth.

RT News Guinness pulls sponsorship of New York St. Patrick's Day ParadeFox NewsWhat's a St. Patrick's Day parade without Guinne

Happy St Patrick's Day to you too! My great-grandmother was Irish, Maggie Mulloy. A formidable woman  a great cook!

Happy St Patricks Day everyone! Let's go all green!

Woke up with a fierce need for water, caffeine, aspirin, and foodall at the same time. Happy St. Patrick's Day.

Happy St Patrick's Day everyone! Did you celebrate in the #sun this #weekend?

Any Cork jerseys to be seen around the world on St. Patrick's Day??? #CorkGAA14

Happy St Patricks Day to all those Irish brethren out there! This is the picturesque Bantry Bay that William

This time last year I'd be at the working the bar for St Patricks day getting messy with the team have a good night every1

With a kindle or kindle app there is always time to download a book for the kids. Try one of these St. Patrick's

Are you celebrating St. Patrick's Day with us?

Get down to the Bird in Hand to celebrate St Patrick's Day and enjoy half price food night!

Happy St Patricks day everyone!! A boozy lunch break on St Patricks day is perfectly acceptable so drop in and

Happy St Patrick's Day to all you out there

St Patricks day will never be the same after you have done A Level R.E. #twopatricks

Top O ' The Mornin' To Ya Ladds N ' Lassies ! Happy St. Patricks Day ! Work  Party Responsibly Kiddies*Peace

All are welcome back to Clubhouse after the St Patrick's Day parade for traditional music session.#craicagusceol

Can't wait for after work for a few Guinness and blacks. St Patrick day plus my sisters birthday

UK - Travel News - Thousands expected to take part in St Patrick's Day parades across Northern Ireland #UK #NorthernIreland #travel #safety

Happy St. Patrick's Day. Fun Fact: funding has funded 102 projects in Northern Ireland named after St. Patrick! Can you name any?

It's St. Patty's Day! why don't you watch a #StPatricksDay video!

Everyone's Irish on St Patricks Day Well I don't know bout you but I'm actually Irish #StPatricksDay #IrishLuck

Belfast St Patrick's parade turns city into sea of green -

Happy St.Patricks Day Every One

I want to sit in a bear garden all day today #cant #work #StPatricksDay

happy St Patrick's day to ye!!! Haha thanks sophaliscous. Love you!!! Have a Guinness on me;) Xxxxxx

So what is everybody up to for St Patricks Day?

Happy St Patricks Day! It's a Gorgeous Day!

Happy paddy's day green friends xxx #PaddysDay2014 #StPatricksDay #ireland

An Irish Wolf Story on St. Patrick's Day! Happy St. Patrick's Day to Everyone!Read Story - Watch Video ===

O'Neils for lunch off in St Patrick's day, would be rude not too

St Patrick's day? Nah mate, #WhyDoYouHateMe day.

Happy Saint Patrick day to my friends and family in UK, y'll know yourself; don't drink too much!

beannachtai na Feile Padraig happy st patricks day from liffey valley

Yes, I have freckles. No, I'm not Irish.Happy St. Patrick's Day.

HAPPY BRITHDAY and also HAPPY ST PATRICKS DAY! Have a good day mate!

Going to see in Dublin today :-D Happy St. Patrick's Day

Happy St Patrick's Day! Hope you all enjoyed the fantastic weather over the weekend. Long may it continue.

It's St. Patricks day? Since when

I know it's St. Patrick's Day but, for the record, I still won't eat a green bagel.

Happy st Patricks day to my two fave Irish ladies #tanks

Happy St. Patrick's Day dear followers! #Green #beer anyone? #StPatricksDay #StPatricksDay

Irish fiction is said to have begun in 1726 with the publication of Jonathan Swift's novel, Gulliver's Travels. Happy St Patrick's Day!

happy st Patrick day your too

Hagley is opening at 10:30 a.m. today, Monday, March 17. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

On this day: In 461 St. Patrick, patron saint of Ireland, died! Use Britannica School for reliable research.  #history

Happy St Patrick's Day everyone :) next public gig for the band is the Jailhouse, Nuneaton Saturday 22nd which

NB Happy St Patrick's Day

A very happy St Patricks day

New Post: St Patrick's {Fashion} Day #fashion #stpatricksday #green #adrisworld

Happy St Patricks Day and we're celebrating with a sale AND a competition! #irelandinspires #positiveirelandGet

It's Saint Patrick's Day the world over.  He brought Christianity to the pagan shores of Ireland.  Give this a thought in all the revelry.

Happy St Patricks Day!  is anyone celebrating? What is everyone getting up to? *Top O' The Mornin' To Ya* #Irish#Guinness

Happy #StPatricksDay.. Good Health, Good Luck  Happiness today and every day X

Monday Mayhem: Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!   Jennifer Faye

Good morning! Happy St Patricks Day and Happy #badgermonday

And by that I mean St. Patricks Day

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Join at the Bridgeport parade at Noon today!

tonight. St patricks day special. Dont be the only one to miss out. Text 07925 859213 for guestlist/VIP and tables

Nice work, Guinness. I'll raise a glass on St Paddy's day especially in support of this:

St. Patrick's Day Flash Sale at Warthan Dermatology!  #constantcontact

Happy St Patricks Day to all our Irish followers! Enjoy your day whatever you have planned!

Great ceol agus craic here in Tesco Mobile for St Patrick's Day! As you can see we like to dance :)

Happy St Patrick's day.  Even the radar map is Green today.

Whale Oil Beef Hooked! (Say It Fast) Happy St. Patricks Day!

Nice one Guinness (owned by Diageo)  pulls out of New York's St Patrick's Day parade over gay rights

Happy St. Patrick's Day from all the team in beautiful #Kilkenny!

Happy St Patrick's Day from my favourite Irish citizen!

Give Up Yer Aul Sins - Story of Saint Patrick:  via

The trending history of Happy St Patricks Day is interactively charted at  #Futures UK

Happy St Patrick's Day! Did you know that apparently there was no Scouse accent until the Irish influxes?

Happy St. Patrick's Day, one and all. Let's get the mowers out! Love the smell of freshly cut grass. Ahhhh Spring. #StPatricksDay

Happy ST.PATRICKS DAY to all u Irish and beyond xxx

that train was yesterday.today is st patricks train

Happy #St Patrick's Day! New In! Extra delicious, heavenly Artisan chocolate, see  #chocolate

Ireland bowl on St Patrick's Day: Zimbabwe will have to front up first to an Ireland side t  #cricinfo #cricket

Hey Everyone I will Posted a new Picture For Whoever Is Saint Patrick's Day I'll Coming On Instagram In Afternoon 2:30pm Alright's No Worry

Ireland bowl on St Patrick's Day: Zimbabwe will have to front up first to an Irela  #Cricket #News

Some History for Saint Patrick's day.

Why is St. Patrick's Day such a prominent holiday? Why don't we have a Vishnu Day?

Happy St. Patricks from the #auk team.

St.Patrick day in Ireland?? super jealous today!! :-P

Happy St.Patrick's Day! GO shopping for #TICKETS to concerts and sporting events! Just Fricket it!  #Fricket

We have a lot to be proud of. Happy St Patrick's Day!.

Happy St Patrick's Day. Enjoy the parades and the good weather.

Happy St. Patrick's day from all Supr Split !

I Miss Them So Much 3 :* !- SpongeBob and Patrick :D :)

A great day to be Irish :) HAPPY ST PATRICK'S DAY EVERYONE xx #PaddysDay2014 #paddysday

I'm missing physics it's st patricks day it's the rules

morning Irish tweeters! Happy St. Patrick's Day! :-)

St. Patrick's Day HO BlowOut Specials!  Limited Time! Limited Quantity! #constantcontact

Happy St Patrick's Day, especially to my many Irish friends xP

Happy St. Patricks Day!!!  Happy Monday!!!  Joe  Trish in the Morning!!!

Happy St Patrick's Day - and don't let the opportunity pass you by! Tap a round or two on LUCK!

Happy st patrick day niall :D

Everything is GREEN today!! Happy St. Patrick's Day to all my fellow Irish friends and family.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! With a name like Kelly, u know I gotta b Irish! #??

Why do the English celebrate St Patricks Day more than St George's? You can still get as pissed as you like on St George's, I don't see it.

It's St Patrick's day.  There shall be much of both occurring. Nothing to do with the trial,either.

Happy St Patrick's Day! We've got some brilliant Irish fiction on display today!

We hope you're feeling lucky because it's Auction day! Auction starts at 5 PM #UAE time! Happy #StPatricksDay #Copart

Happy St. Patrick's Day - a suitably celebratory occasion for a first tweet!

St. Patrick's day is just an excuse for me to drink.

Very appropriate colours to be working on today! Happy St. Patrick's day. #kprs #tweeturbiz #wedding #bizitalk #ukbiz

Happy St Patricks Day, have a great day everyone

What did the snakes ever do to St Patrick?

Thanks for the breakfast and choc strawberries - happy faces in the office! Happy St Patrick's Day :)

O happy st Patricks day to all the Irish folk out there

Happy St Patrick's Day.  Pop in and see us for a Guinness to celebrate.

Enjoy a glass of whiskey, cocktail or aromatic hot drink in the spirit of Ireland during St. Patrick's Week at Intermezzo lobby bar!

still waiting for niall's st.patrick's day tweet

Happy St Patrick's day celebrating a booze free 5 months with pot of Irish tea  hot cross buns:-)

Happy St Patrick's Day to my followers in Ireland! This window is in St Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin

I LOVE NIALL MORE THAN MY LIFE BUT WHY ARE PEOPLE ON MY TL SAYING HAPPY NIALL DAY. UM NO IT'S ST. PATRICK'S DAY NOT NIALL DAY

That's the spirit! - Library of Birmingham going green for St Patrick's celebrations

Happy st Patricks day, like and share our page and we will pick one lucky leprechaun to receive a cut and blow

(Curtis) Happy St.Patricks day to all our Irish followers and anyone else that will be celebrating it with

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Kilkenny.

Happy St Patrick's Day Belfast! !!

Happy St Patricks Day! From Gift Experience Ireland xx

Happy St Patricks day to all our lovely Irish guests; and the ones that        'want to be'!!!

happy st Patrick's day ishrish boy

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! Our sites menus will have an Irish twist to them today to celebrate the Emerald Isle!

St. Patricks day, the one true day of the year it is acceptable to as plastic as I pretend to be the other 364 days of the year

Happy St. Patrick's Day from my leprechaun to yours :)

Happy St Patrick's Day! Tweet pics from your celebrations.

(En) Sombrero Galaxy in green as taken by Hubble. 17 March - St. Patricks. (Es) Esta Galaxia llamada Sombrero, a

St. Patrick's Day dune adventure!  #africa #africawithathena #namibia #iphone5s

Happy St Paddy's Day Tweeters #StPatricksDay #love x

St. Patrick's Day fun in downtown West Palm

Happy St. Patrick's Day to one and all.  Unfortunately Waugh's will be closed today due to Mother Nature's

Song of the Day: Foggy Dew - Chieftains w/ Sinead O'Connor. Happy St. Patrick's Day

Happy Paddy's Day! Time for a new N.Ireland flag - 'Cross of St Patrick brings together all traditions'  via

Happy St. Patricks Day..one and all..shame I cant celebrate in my favorite Irish way..sigh!!.

Did St.Patrick exist ? Historian Salvador Ryan NUI Maynooth next on #deiseam #waterford

joel, aside from st. patrick's day, it's also my birthday. can i puhlease get a tweet for my birthday?

Pucker up for some Bouncy smooches! Happy St Patrick's Day.

Happy St. Patrick's Day from all at Sales-Promotions!

Is today st.patricks day, shouldn't that be a day off from school?

Good morning my sweet honey wish u a great day and happy st patrick's day. Love u 3 #BATB

thank you have a great saint patricks day

St. Patrick's Day is today.. when do I get to celebrate ha

HAPPY ST PATRICK'S DAY/THE POGUES AND FLOGGING MOLLY FOR DAYS

Happy St Patrick's Day! I do believe if you visit Oysters Fish and Chips in Lightwater today, you'll get a free

Happy St Patrick's Day wherever you are in the world! Let us know how you're spending it

happy St. Patricks Day to my favourite person in the whole entire world, love you so so much

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all! Hubby is 100% Irish!!!!

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY TO ALL HOME AND AFAR. Enjoy the festies and be safe. #IrishIWasALittleBitTaller lol

St Patricks day here in New Zealand #TheDayICelebrateSheamus

14 degrees on St Patrick's day is BS. I guess on the bright side, we can make use of one last frozen ground day.

Happy St Patrick Day all you mad Irish. keep the party going from Saturday night's 6 Nations' success!

Monday is here again!! One good thing is it's St Patricks day! Guinness shall flow! #StPatricksDay

HAPPY ST.PATRICK'S DAY and also happy belated birthday Teague

Happy saint Patrick's day to you and the family! Don't get too crazy! :)

Most of my real Irish mates hate st Patricks day! #everyonesirish

scotty, aside from st. patrick's day, it's also my birthday. can i puhlease get a tweet for my birthday?

happy st patrick's day! Hope you have a good one!

Well St.Patrick was Welsh. Good excuse as any..

A day just to celebrate being irish #StPatricksDay #irishpride

oh yeah it's st Patrick's day i almost forgot lol

In Honor of St. Patrick's Day we send this Irish Blessings to you: May the road rise to meet you,May the wind be

Happy St Patricks Day!Oh waitWrong Patrick! But I do hope he makes u feel lucky.

What Better way to celebrate St Patricks day then finding out all your Guinness has expired #SadFace

Today in Lawrence: St. Patrick's Day madness: x

it's st patricks dayim allowed to speak irish!!!lmao

Mickey and Minnie Mouse wish you all a Happy St. Patrick's Day from Disneyland Paris

Happy St Patricks day! To celebrate, enter code STPATRICKSDAY at checkout for 15% off! Limited number, so be quick!

Happy St Patrick's Day. I'm not Irish and I very much doubt you are either so I don't really mean these pleasantries.

Have yourself an authentic Irish St Patrick's Day by going to three different Masses and having coddle for dinner.

Happy St Patrick's Day to all in Ireland! Hope you enjoy the prolonged drinking weekend after Saturday #SixNations #Champions

happy St. Patricks day Nialler xxxx

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  I'm really looking forward to taking part in the parade in town this afternoon - hopefully see you there

We asked our Irish ConCom about St Patrick's Day. He told us it's about 'being late for work' and having 'no time for your silly questions'

Go Guinness!!! Happy St.Patrick's Day to our American  Canadian Friends.

Fine Gael HQ 'greened' for St. Patrick's Day as part of the #GlobalGreening! #StPatricksDay

Business #networking -up early- McManus breakfast in nyc New York today, Wonder what politicians will show?  Happy St. Patrick's Day

Wishing a happy St. Patrick's Day to all my Irish friends and followers!

Thank you very much and Happy st patricks day to you and have a great day and keep smiling always and love you always :)

Good morning everyoneHappy St. Patrick's Day and not so happy Monday woooo

Green Eggs and Ham. Happy St. Patrick's Day!!

Afternoon St Patrick's Day drink confirmed. I shall be out from lunchtime onwards. Result. Best have a shave  a wash. #cleanlydarkness

I get distracted so easily.I'm never gunna sleep.but hey! It's St Patricks day! LOLthis pic is old tho

Happy St Patrick's day! Hope everyone had a great weekend, lots of cool recording sessions been happening at SSR over the weekend :)

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Starting the day at for some Irish breakfast and maybe a pint or two!

Happy St Patrick's Day from BNI Sittingbourne #stpatricksday

Saint Patricks day is not what's on my mind today

New Rob Ford St. Patrick's Day Video Shows Mayor Red-Faced, Swearing - Huffington Post Canada: New Rob Ford St

happy st patricks day! how many pints have you had?

Happy St Patrick's Day from everyone here

Happy St Patricks day y'all. Although after what I saw in Dublin over the weekend, I don't imagine many people will be happy today ;))

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Here is some green for your wardrobe:  Gold and Malachite Pair of MelanieR Jewelry Earrings! (link in comments)

HAPPY ST.PATRICKS DAY TO EVERYONE! # dont drink to much :)

A very Happy St Patricks Day to everyone! Sunny SE Ireland!

Checked under the tree. St. Patrick didn't leave anything for me this year.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Time to go green!

I never understood St. Patricks day .. N I forgot it was today

Coldest St. Patrick's Day morning on record in Burlington, VT-7F at 6:10am, beating a 129 year old record (-6F in 1885).

Attention: I am not wearing green. I don't care that it's St. Patricks Day. Do not pinch me and be childish.

ROSEMELLQPOSSE I'm in studio playing St. Patrick's Day. So you definitely know what that means?!

Happy st patrick denise!! :) 3 3 3 :D 3 3

Happy Holi, and Happy St Patrick's Day. For anyone celebrating both, have a messy one!

Happy St Patricks Day to all the Irish and generation of Irish around the World..

Happy St Patrick's day! We are celebrating with a special 'green' dress down day in aid of Chestnut Tree House

It's today! Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy friggin St. Patrick's day. Now off to work

Happy St. Patricks Day baabbbeeeee

Happy St Patrick's day .. have s good day and do whatever you can as a baby

Happy St Patricks Day Irish bods, anyone want to adopt me? Just for today. I'll bring Guinness #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patricks day !!!! Let's have a Guinness #StPatricksDay #Guinness

Hope you all Enjoy the wonderful parade in Town today. Have a great st Patricks day from all at your Favourite

We may not have had a white Christmas, but we're certainly having a white St. Patrick's Day. Please send your

agreed. Still, better to go on about St Patrick than leprechauns

Happy St. Patrick's Day! How will you be celebrating the day?

I'm not really one to celebrate st. Patrick's day but it's comforting to know with all my green bay gear I'd finally have something to wear?

Happy St Patrick's Day from Special thanks for the yummy treats! #StPatricksDay  #yummy

For St Patricks day I wished for the NBN to roll out in my street this year, I think I had one too many Guinnesses, I'm becoming unrealistic

Hope you all have a grand St' Patricks Day :)

Why isn't St.Patricks day a national holiday we get off.

Good morning one and all. Happy St. Patrick's Day to each and every one of you. Have a great day! #loi19

Forgot it was St Patrick's Day. Who was he anyway?

It's St Patrick's Day! Time to go green! :)

ooooh thanks! its st patrick there now??

Happy St Patrick's Day! Every online order placed today will receive a free sample of our Boutique Jade Sword! xx

Getting into the Irish spirit happy #StPatricksDay from #Hijessica and I we hope your having a wonderful day!

Hop in for live music here tonight for Paddys Day! Spread the word! #freegig #StPatricksDay

And a happy St.Patricks Day to you too!

St Patrick's Day party tonight! Get in FREE here:

Happy #StPatricksDay Day to all our Irish followers. Have a great time.

*Patrick's whatever I knew what I was talking about

its st. patrick's day which means i can put on all my get up. this is gonna be amazing

Happy St. Patrick's Day!! Lots of Love from Irish Americans!!!

And whatever you do, don't say Patty. Cause that's a girl's name. Either Patrick's Day or Paddy's Day. NOT PATTYS DAY!!!!

Happy St. Patrick's Day. Take a break from Lent.

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!  Joey is the perfect choice for our new dog of the week, because obviously this boy

st patrick's day is basically an excuse to drink

Mickey and Minnie just love to celebrate St. Patrick's Day! #stpatricksday #dlp #disneylandparis #live

Happy St Patrick' s day to our followers in Ireland #shamrock #StPaddys'Day #6nations #champions #2014 #greenday

Enjoy St Patrick's Day! Blogged yesterday with my green smoky eye look,  #bbloggers #stpatricksday

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!! #stpatricksdayCheck out my project on Kickstarter

Happy St Patricks Day! A man with 'beautiful feet'  ta be sure!

St Patrick's day and nothing to do

zachary, aside from st. patrick's day, it's also my birthday. can i puhlease get a tweet for my birthday?

Happy St. Patrick's Day! We'll be celebrating with Imelda May - Mundy is on at 8pm and Imelda at 9pm.

Happy St. Patricks Day.  A holiday that is so much better on a Friday or Saturday.

We need a day off of school for st. Patrick's day

happy st patricks day guys. Can't believe it's been a year today since I saw u in Manchester

Thanks so much for watching #GDC!!! Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St.Patrick's Day one and all. I'm wondering if they celebrate this on Tatooine? Happy work day everyone!

tristan, aside from st. patrick's day, it's also my birthday. can i puhlease get a tweet for my birthday?

Happy St Patrick's Day to all of our followers. Does your #pub have any events going on tonight? Let us know about them. #StPatricksDay

Did you know St. Patrick wasn't Irish? Facts about the great green holiday

Shit hope i come across some good luck today meaning that it is saint patricks day lol

Nothing like celtic-folk music and Irish rock. Happy St. Patrick's day ya rascals!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! -The Kidd  Elizabeth Show

Happy Saint Patrick's Day and Happy Holi to all our followers!! #StPatricksDay #HappyHoli

Happy St. Patrick's Day! 42 trails, 5 lifts day/22 trails, 4 lifts night. 2 Parks. More info -

For those who celebrate it:Happy St Patricks Day!#VoteUKDirectioners #KCA

HappySt. Patrick's Day!! Remi's Birthday.Shamrock cake from Three Dog Bakery..he loved it!

Follow the gold! Beautiful St. Patrick's Day ahead. #HappyMonday!

Happy St. Patricks Day MEJOR DIA

Happy St Patrick day (^o^) #SEXANDLOVE is mine ! (^_-)

Good!  Guinness pulls out of NY's St. Patrick's parade over ban on gays  via

What is st. Patricks day? And why don't we have school off for it?

Happy St Patricks Day love you guys. 3

Can't believe my good friend isn't planning on celebrating our third St Patricks day in Liverpool #disappointed

don't forget to celebrate today its st patRICKS DAY

Top 'O The Morning to You!  Happy St. Patrick's Day!  I think our friend, the Leprechaun, got into a little

HaAppy St. Patrick's Day!  Find out what your leprechaun name is for today.  I did it, and I'm rolling with it. -T

Top of the Morning to ya! Be safe and Happy St.Patrick's Day and also 90th birthday to my favorite Irishman -Grandpa Patrick Crowley!

Have a great birthday Patrick xo

Yay made it from the bed to the head (pub) morning after night before. Happy st Patricks day from sunny Achill

Good morning! Happy St. Patrick's Day! It will be a cold one again  Mainly sunny. High -2. Tonight's low -8. Currently it's -16.

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  So, did you get enough celebrating over the weekend or do you have plans for today too?  ~Doug

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!!!Idk why i just feel like posting this pic

Forgot today was st. Patricks day

Have a great St Patricks Day from all the team

Saint Patrick Day virus pranks:

any chance of a st patricks day picture ??

This has to be the best Guinness St Patrick's Day ad ever:  via

I Shall drink all day for The Saint Patrick fella himself..

Space Station 76 | Patrick Wilson, Liv Tyler, Marisa Coughlan

St Patricks morning, a camper pull into the Esky Carpark along the Wild Atlantic Way on route to Irelands Most

Well st Patrick's day lads get the songs going and the drinks flowing #StPatricksDay

St Patricks Day and Night In The A.S.C.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Irish wool is handy forthe Wearin' o' the Green: The high in New York is forecast to be

Happy St Patricks Day! Check out this week's draught list featuring Dry Irish Stout

Happy St Patricks day to all the staff , any crocks of gold to protect??? #reinventingsecurity

Happy St. Patrick's Day, I am watching the live tour DVD now to celebrate

Happy St. Patrick's Day from GeneaBloggers!  #genealogy #blogging

Happy Saint Patrick's day #Cleveland be safe out there and don't drink n drive

literally gob bless st patricks day

happy st patricks day ft my dog

Happy St. Patricks Day Everyone!!!! -Axx

Drinking Kilkenny for St Patrick's Day  Hotel) [pic]:

Happy St Patrick's Day.Morrissey style! :)#mozarmy

Happy St Patrick's Day! We will be open for lunch at 11:30

Happy St. Patrick's Snow Day!- Monday morning Daily Mass will be celebrated at 9:00am.- The Parish Office will

Just a cold, I think B brought it home last weekend. I'm jealous you got to go to Happy St Patrick's Day!

Out about the town for St. Patrick's Day?  Let us drive you to and from the party - book now 0151 252 0088 or

Happy St Patrick's Day!!!  Will you be enjoying a pint of Guinness after work? #StPatricksDay #Guinness

St patricks day..the one day when the whole world wants to be Irish ;) lol #irish all the way

Bored.. Fun pic.!! I love Soongebob and Patrick.!!

St. Patrick: the man who drove the snakes out of Ireland and the people into bars! Happy St. Paddy's Day!

how are you celebrating this lovely st Patricks day Niall?

Happy St Patricks Day  here's to a pint of of the black stuff. I still have a few Hats and Bow Ties for those going out celebrating later

Happy Saint Patricks Daywho's getting thrown?

Happy St. Patrick's day, George.

Happy Saint Patrick's Day!! Stout alternative to Guiness why not try #LionStout

Happy Monday, everyone! It's not easy being green. Even on St. Patrick's Day.

Essex Photo Service UK wishing you Happy St.Patrick's Day!

Hey it's st. Patricks day today! I hope your day shamROCKS! No? Ok

St. Patrick's Day inspired nails #happystpatricksday #green #clover

Cheer up,Happy St.Patricks Day,whatever that means!

It's St.Patrick's Day too :) Lots of gold and fortune for everybody celebrating it :)

GM From Lttn,   Happy Patricks Day :-)

St Patricks Day off to local parade with family and very special Green Mini in Lucan. Have a good day

#CityNews St Patrick's day gallery: Irish City players: Happy St Patrick's Day! To celebrate  #MCFC #CTWD

Happy St. Patrick's Day From CereusArt Coastal Decor

#Glamour #celebritySave Yourself From Getting Pinched With These Saint Patrick's Day Outfit Ideas

If your not Irish and tweeting happy St Patricks Day and going out for a guiness to celebrate sort your head out #plasticpaddy

It's St Patrick's Day - when do all the other Saints get days?

Fuck St. Patricks day!Rocking red and blue today.#rebel #fashionkilla

Happy St Patricks day every one. Have a pint of the green stuff on me

Happy St.Patricks day! We hope everyone had a great weekend! #Guinness #StPatricksDay #Irish

and me, and and  i blame the strangeness of the dream on the full moon, st. patricks

thank you! See you soon hope your having a great st Patricks day :p x

happy st.patricks day to you 2 lol

Right it's St. Patrick's day today! Time to embrace my Irish heritage!

Sleep #overrated, day 13. Happy St Patricks Day. What's with school delays? Not ours but I see nothin happenin!

Happy st.patricks day styles. But its not happy bc school

Oh I didn't even realize it was st.patricks  day..whoops #tootired

me too Harry ( I don't have any idea but ) Happy St patrick's day

HAPPY ST. PATRICKS DAY!!!  cmon now.  Cheer with me! !

St.Patricks 10km blow with Dad great way to spent the afternoon #LikeFatherLikeDaughter

Havent been on in a while, but happy st. patricks day!

Ooooohhh st Patricks day. Plastic paddy's piss up day.

High temperatures across the US St. Patrick's Day 2012 were  a little different than this year.

Same to you St Patrick's day is amost over here in AustraliaWe had a fab day ..so enjoy ..x

Quiz the Irish at your office today. Bet they didn't knowSt. Patrick's Day traditions explained -

Thank you babee happy st.Patrick's day for you too ily c

Happy St Patrick's Day People. Enjoy x

Happy st Patricks to all fellow Irish men and woman :) :)

Ohhit's St.Patrick's Day I forgot

Yay st. Patricks day whoop whoop

ST PATRICKS DAY IS MY DAY

Happy St Patricks Day from the Emerald Isle! #StPatricksDay #ireland #solotravel

happy st patricks day niall :) have fun!

Top o' the morning to ya!  Good luck to the Seaford High School Marching Band who is marching in the NYC St. Patrick's Day parade today!

Happy St Patrick's Day to all my fellow Irish.  #proud

Happy green day or St. Patricks day!!!!!

Boxty wishes a happy St. Patrick's Day to all his friends in Leitrim and beyond!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! I almost forgot to wear green lol

waiting for niall to be in all green bc st. patrick's day#Vote1DUK #KCA

happy st patricks day to yu harry I hope yu have a wonderful day 33

happy st. Patrick's day to u too babe lol love u

Happy St. Patricks Day :) let's go get our Irish on #StPatricksDay #Irish

Happy St. Patrick's day babe!! Have a great day, my leprechaun!! I love you so much!! Xx ;)

i always forget that the 17th is st. patrick's day since its also gianna's birthday

Happy St. Patricks day. Much Guinness to be had today for sure.

You know when you keep making eye contact with Patrick Stump and it happens like 6 times

I actually forgot that it was st. Patricks day until my mom told me. And I'm already wearing green, I'm so smart.

Happy st Patrick's day to all people of Ireland the Celts the Ulster Scots the travelers the new Irish have a lovely safe day.

Maybe ill have a lucky day todayGet it get it Cause its st. Patricks day as well ha

on this st. patricks day, id like to thank my self tanner for going on my skin unevenly. thanks for making my life harder.

Happy St.Patricks day sunshine hope you have a good day don't forget to wear green i loooooove you

Happy at Patricks day oh wait I'm not Irish, probably like half the people saying it

Happy St Patricks Day to all our Irish customers and store colleagues! Have a great day ( and night ) everyone!

I'm officially the marked one because I'm not wearing green on St. Patrick's day.

i don't know about you but i'm waiting for niall to tweet about st. patrick's day

morning all xxx usually by now my irish sister in law would of sent pics of the kids in their st patricks day outfits

Happy St. Patricks Day to our little leprechaun.

Happy St Patricks day,see you in the Gateway later:)

#stpatsballhk Having fun at the St Patrick's Ball, Hong Kong!! #greggy1#Mad_Irish

Happy St. Patricks Day, or as says Happy St. Suck it day here's a beer day

Happy St. Patrick's day everyone love you stay beautiful

Seems like more people know about St. Patrick's Day than St. George's Day. Typical English. #unpatriotic

Happy St. Patricks Day! Come in for your green bagels today and have some green cream cheese while your at it.

So..I brought in St.Patricks day paraphenalia AND beer this morning, and refuses to participate. What a dink.  #BradyandWalker

Only Charleville people will get this but R.I.P.  Mixie O Toole a real character who was always St Patrick in the parade.

HAPPY ST PATRICK'S DAY NIALL HORAN!! :D have a great day Niel all on green! Hehe  :) xx

Good morning world.  Happy St. Patricks Day.

happy st Patricks day to us :D

cnn: Storm blankets DC in snow: Instead of St. Patrick's Day green, the nation's capital is sporting winter wh

Is it St Patrick's day already?? Times flies. Happy St Pat's day all!#Guinness

awww but having a st Paddy's baby would be so nice :-D And then you can call him Patrick ;-)

Happy St Patrick's day! It also happens to be our little boy's 1st birthday today too! So lots of celebrating to

Woahhh today is St. Patrick's Day and even my class first day, then HAPPY SP'sD LOL!!!

happy St Patricks day you legend.

Happy St Patrick's Day to you! And on the back of a Six Nations win no less!

happy st. Patricks day are you going to do anything cool

Ugh school on st. Patrick's day!? Yea, I don't like this condensation.

I am of Irish descent. But to me it seems St. Patricks Day has lasted more like a week this year. I'm not complaining, just saying.

Happy St Patrick's Day! my husband(Irish) and I loved The Spinning Heart by Donal Ryan.

I forgot about St. Patrick's day, whoops.

didn't think you'd beat niall at this one h!!! but happy st. patricks day i love you thank you for always making me happppy :D

Happy St Patrick's Day! Irish dancing and blue skies. Lucky London! #StPatricksDay

Happy St.Patricks day!Great excuse to relive this classic ad.

Ahhhh yes #StPatricksDay! The day to take a break from #Lent2014 and get Shlammered! Wait it's only supposed to be ONE day?

twas the day of st patrick and all through my house not a creature was sober, not even a mouse.

Happy St.Patrick's day too! 333 Have a good day babe 3 Love ya so much 333

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!! (Hope this makes you smile)

Happy #Saint Patricks Day! Wear your #GREEN scarves on this cold  wet AM!

We wanted to post something fairly unique for #StPatricksday, so here goesHave a great day everyone!

Although I dont think I have any Irish friends, Happy St Patricks Day. First time i've known it as its a Uni night out!! #CheaperDrinks

Happy St Patricks day to all our Irish friends out there #StPatricksDay ~Stephen

I feel the need to tweet how I am probs going to stab someone with something st. Patricks day related today

Happy St Patrick's to you to, girl. Six Nations and beating the balancing chickens couldn't be better!

Its funny cos its st. Patricks day and im wearing all black

Lol what's St Patricks day even about? Do I get presents?

Happy St-Paddy's Day - some quick and easy meal ideas

It's St. Patrick's Day. May have been over served last night - I was pouring the drinks.

NO IF YOU HATE ON IRELAND EVERY OTHER DAY OF THE YEAR YOU CAN NOT CELEBRATE ST PATRICK'S DAY

no one gives a fuck about st. Patrick's day but love u anyway

Oh shit man it's St Patrick's Day and I'm Irish oop

My Top 3 #lastfm Artists: Fall Out Boy (237), Patrick Stump (81)  Josh Pyke (27)

I didn't even realize it was St. Patricks day lol

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Do you know where the tradition comes from? Why not ask about it on Brainly? :)#StPatricksDay #History #stpattys

hope you have a wonderful saint Patrick's day niall

#Vote1DUKDirectioners HAPPY ST.PATRICKS DAY LOVELY!!! top of a morning to ya!

No Saint Patrick's Day would be complete without the great Michael Flatley and the Riverdance Dance troupe!!

Happy St Patrick's Day to all on twitter, tis a day to be proud of this small nation. #Ireland

TODAY IS PATRICIO DAY AND ITS ST.PATRICKS DAY WOWOWOWOWOWOWOWO

but St Patricks day is my birthday do I get a happy birthday

Happy St. Patrick's day! I love this holiday for 3 reasons, and if you know me, you'll know all 3! Lol

Morning all Happy Saint Patricks Day everyone

happy st. patrick's day! enjoy your drink festivities while I do my pssa's!

A happy St Patrick's day to all my Irish friends. To the plastic Paddys, get a loife!

happy saint Patricks day aye niall hope to see drunk pictures of you later love you sunshine :)

We're open in just under an hour! St. Patricks Day on a Monday? It's the stuff legends are made of!

Keeping the music all Irish today. Would like to wish all my friends and supporters here a very Happy St.Patricks

Playin ' Right HERERight NOW ! Happy St. Patrick's Day Everybody ! Cheers !

We chased the rainbow and this is what we found. Phish and Chips for St. Patrick's Day!!Speaking of

it's st patricks day today and I don't have any green so I can't really project my Irishness right now

So pissed I woke up late so I'm not wearing my st. Patrick's day stuff

To all our Irish friends and families, Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Enjoy a boiled dinner recipe from the 1950 Betty Crocker Picture Cookbook:

May you live as long as you want and never want as long as you live - Happy #St #Patricks #Day from all at #PCT

Happy St.Patrick's !!Let's remember the true meaning of this holiday,to honor a slave called to spread the Gospel. Not a pagan drunkfest !!!

one day i wanna fly to ireland just for st. patrick's day this is now one of my life goals

May your pockets be heavy and your heart be light, May good luck pursue you each morning and night.Irish BlessingHappy St. Patrick's Day

It is St. Patricks day, I almost forgot but I have on green pants.. Wow Kayla.

happy st. Patrick's day you little shit ily

Also, it may be St Patrick's Day, but if you ask these people in my neighborhood, it's still Christmas

Florida's politically correct The Villages renames St. Patrick's Day Irish-American Day. St.Patricks repays with a massive rainstorm!

I'm not Irish but happy saint Patricks day!!!!!!!

Ella is too excited about st. patricks day

Wow, I found out that today is St Patrick's Day just now. Have a good one!

happy st. patricks day to you too sweetie

its ST. PATRICK day isn't it?

St Patrick's Day, and I own NOTHING green for clothing.oh well.black it probably isI'm Italian after allHave fun out there!

tbh i dont even know what st patricks day is

LEL I HAVE THIS FRIEND NAMED PATRICK ewe

Gym killing me this mz . Still ready 4 the sesh 4 st patricks day. #HappyStPatricksDay

Happy St Patrick's Day, especially to all of our Irish followers! #StPatricksDay #PaddysDay2014 #Irish

Let's start this work week off right.  HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!

niall is going to use happy little green emojis in his st patrick's day tweet I can smell it

Happy St Patrick's Day. What's 10 miles long, green  has an asshole every 2 feet?  The St Patty's Day Parade.

Propers for St Patrick of Ireland. The Epistle: 1 Thessalonians 2:2-12. The Gospel: St Matthew 5:43-48.

Too early for some Dew? Happy St. Patty's Day! #StPatricksDay #Slainte

NJ Transit has extra buses to St. Patrick's Parade  #philadelphia

Good Monday! Happy St. Patricks Day.

Happy St Patrick's Day.  Diwrnod Sant Padrig Hapus!  Go green in celebration with some Cennin Cenarth!

Wake Up Lake County! Happy St. Patrick's Day--with Lovely Linda Uhas and Steve Neumann 7-9am! (Broadcasting live at

Hey Guys! Get your free copy of Sandi Thom's cover of Danny Boy for St Patricks day!! #StPatricksDay #SandiThom

Don't forget to gather the kiddies around the tv today to watch that great St. Patrick's Day movie, Leprechaun in the Hood.

Guys, I don't want to sound so uneducated, but what is St. Patrick's Day? And why is there always a problem of if you're Irish or not?

not wearing green bc it's st.patricks dayit's just a coincidence ok

How is it all ready St. Patricks day, it feels like just yesterday was New Years

Happy Saint Patrick's Day to those of you celebrating :-)

Happy St Patrick's Day to all our lovely fans! Have a great day wherever you are :)

Instead of St. Patrick's Day green, the nation's capital is sporting winter white.

And I bet ya'll didn't know that St.Patrick is also the patron saint of Nigeria too. Just a random little fact for your day

I hope St Patrick's day leads to you getting obliteratingly drunk, leading to a slew of drunken tweets. Dare ya.

May neighbours respect you, trouble neglect you, the angels protect you, and Heaven accept you.Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!! We'll be at the Barn today from 4-6pm for a fundraiser for Halldale's Project

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Here's a Fun Fact: If you wear green to a photo shoot using Green Screen Backgrounds, we

Hope you've had a fantastic day celebrating St Patrick's Day somewhere/somehow :) Good evening from Albany,

St Patricks day is super dumb.

St. Patricks Day fact. Interesting.

Happy St.. Patricks day to you too harry!  I love youuuu

Just wishing you, a Happy St Patrick's Day ! Thinking of you with us, celebrating the day here too.

Happy St. Patrick's day my fellow Irish friends!

Happy St. Patrick Day tooo we part irsh! Lol

What kind of school has St. Patricks day off? Pussy schools because that's not a real fucking holiday.

Happy St Patricks Day and good morning vas happenin

In honor of St.Patricks day all of our first period classes should serve us shamrock shakes #please

I don't want to go to school mom, it's St.Patrick's day, Imma get beat up because all I wear is BLACK.

how about a RT for my bday today?  Happy St. Patrick's day bud!

A massive Happy Saint Patrick's Day from PrettyLittleThing! x

Have a Great St Patricks's Day if you're celebrating today.Europa Restaurant Bristol

This St Patrick's day is more white than green #shamrocksnow #nomoreshoveling #thinkspring

#Guinness Withdraws from St Patricks Day #parade ovr LGBT Ban  #exclusion #major

Happy st Patrick's day everyone enjoy it x

Enjoy St Patrick day whatever you doing today and Be safe;-) Peace  LoveXXX

Happy St. Patrick's Day from everyone on NewsDay Amarillo. Coming up your local news, weather, traffic  sports.

St. Patrick's is only a holiday so people have an excuse to get fucked up

Happy Saint Patrick's Day everyone! Be safe don't drink and drive. And everyone wear green!

#NewsFeeders #USNews In pictures: St Patrick's Day celebrations around the worldFestivities around the world to

Pretty cool! Happy St. Patrick's Day! || Fantastic 120-Year-Old Color Pictures of Ireland | Mental Floss

#PICTURE: How will St. #Patricks Day impact YOUR #footfall?

You too! #KissMeImIrish #NotReally - Bryan  have a great Saint Patricks day!

Oil and Gas Job Search is proud to be green today, whilst celebrating St. Patricks Day and the win at rugby over

I didnt know it was st. Patrick day

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all my Irish friends including those that are Irish for a day! Celebrate safe  be weary of Green Ale. #IrishEyes

everyone at my school is gonna go all out for st Patricks day then there's just me lmao

St Patrick's Day celebrations date from as early as the ninth and tenth centuries!

Lol so today's St.Patricks day ?

Tag #crownbrushuk in your St. Patrick's Day inspired make-up looks! This one is by

Happy St. Patrick's Dayparty hearty and chug-a-lug on a green ale!

Mawnin ama happy at Patricks day.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! I'm not wearing green so I was going to say something clever about growing when I'm pinched, but I'm too tired. ^^;

ah yes, st patrick daythe day every american celebrates the fact that they are 00000000000.01% irish

Happy St Paddys day peoples #stpatricksday #luckoftheirish #greenwothenvy

I think St. Patricks Day is stupid. Is there really any reason for it?

Make sure you wear green everybody! Happy St. Patrick's day :D

I'm not lying when i say Patrick is my middle name #HappyStPaddysDay

Caesar has fallen, the first Ides have passed, but today is St. Patrick's and tonight Caligula shall rise. #IdesOfDebauchery

This is what I work with. Leprechaun.  Happy St Patrick's Day !

Nothing says happy St. Patrick's Day like an Enrique Iglesias concert on The Today Show.

Happy St Patricks Day x Shillelagh McSmelly x

Hope everyone had a good weekend in the sun and Happy St. Patricks Day!

hello happy st patricks day i'm gonna be pacing the front of my restaurant for seven hours (((-:

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Stop in this morning for breakfast:

I Didn't Even Know It Was Saint Patrick's Day. I Had To Look That Shit Up On Google Lmao.

Happy St Patricks! When this outfit is #sociallyacceptable Wish the fleadh was still on #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day - get some green on! LOL

It's St Patricks day wether you give a fuck or not so shut up ya fuckin Debby downers no one cares what you think. #behappy

Happy Saint Patrick's Day from all at Love #SaintPatricksDay2014

London: Irish dancers wait for the St Patrick's Day parade to start at Hyde Park Corner

Aight to all my Irish followers Happy Saint Patrick's day. I love you guys. Have fun, wear green, get drunk. :)

Thanks to twitter I know it's St. Patricks day. I need to start paying attention to the dates.

Have a safe and very green St. Patricks Day everyone!  Please remember to be responsible!

HAPPY ST PATRICK'S DAY! $2 Whiskey Shots, $ 2 Domestic Bottles, Kegs and Eggs, Rouges of Rafferty!

Were you in #Manchester yesterday for the St Patrick's Day parade?  Check if your #photos is here

PEACE FB! To some people, it's St Patrick's Day. But to us Hip Hop heads, it's SEAN P DAY! Go out there, Punch

St. Patrick's Day.. The day where everyone thinks they are Irish

happy st. patricks day everyone else in my family is off school except for me

Just been told i cant drink for a week, is this man aware i'm an irish girl and its St Patricks day

Think this is the one St Patrick's day thing I can see himself actually doing ;)

Happy St.Patricks Day to everyone green! Have a Gd1. Its also #MyMadFatDiary Monday, See you there mad fat fans!! x x  #NicoMakesMyDay

7:00AM: (1)Monday (2)Rainy (3)Spring Break is OVER (4)Possible Leprechan sightings. Be careful! Happy St. Patrick's Day! ERIN GO BRAUGH!

HAPPY ST. Patty's Day-- All Medium Veggie Smoothies $5.00 all day Green in honor of St Patrick.. expires 03/17/14

Happy St. Patrick's day. We have a special selection for you. Green sugar cookies for leprechauns. Blue cotton

Happy St. Patrick's Day!Check out today's specials on  to help your model in the contest!

Happy st. Patricks day, and a special happy birthday to

The warmest happiest St Patricks Day to all of you! Remember to #BuyIrish and stay safe! Enjoy the day! #PaddysPicnic #patricksday2014

Good morning, tweeps! Happy St Patrick's Day to all who celebrate! Have a great day! :)

send Nialler my love xxx big Happy St Patrick's day to him

how nice is it today happy st patricks day to all the irish people out there have a gud one and dont drink to much guiness haha

Quote this with lovely pics of Niall bc  St.Patrick's day

Guinness pulled out of New York's St. Patrick's Day Parade due to exclusion of LGBT groups. Hey, what's an Irish parade without rainbows?

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Be sure to wear your green on the tennis courts today.

Happy St. Patrick day y'all

HAPPY ST PATRICK'S DAY EVERYONE! Get to tube today/tonight and celebrate properly!! Best bar on Matthew Street!

Happy st.patrick's day. Question, does anyone know the true color of ireland?

Happy st Patricks day!! And oh happy birthday to too I guess

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY EVERYONE! Lmao, I see my DT took care of that already last night. Hope everyone has fun plans tonight! #LiveItUp

Crave Monday and Happy St. Patrick's Day

GM all my #sexybunch  Have a great day. #StPatricksDay to you all

Happy St. Patrick's to all if you!

If you don't wear green on st Patricks day I probably hate you

Happy St. Patrick's Day to you too, Jodi! Hope you have a nice day!

Mental Floss has gathered some information about Saint Patrick and his big day.

Getting warmed up for tonight Happy St Patricks Day!!

In honour of St Patrick's Day you better whip up something green and delicious. How about this?  #LoveDetox #GoGreen

Niece  nephew went to school in D'patrick  no one was allowed to wear school uniform near it in case they were attacked

maybe she'll get one next year.  Happy St Patrick 's Day to all!

*patiently waits for nialls tweet to st Patricks day*

Happy St. Patrick's Day!! Be blessed!!

I'm still not quite sure what it means to be Irish, but a happy St Patrick's Day, especially to all my international friends and colleagues

Happy St Patrick's Day everyone!! Wish I could drink a Guinness to celebrate! Could the brewery make a gluten free one please? X

Happy St. Patricks day my friend, cheers.

Snow on St Patrick's Day? Yes it's true. Happy St Patrick's Day. Our office will be closed today due to inclement

says [emo27] good morning and Happy St. Patrick's Day.

Thought for the day  green beer is for amateurs. Happy St Patricks day

Happy St. Patrick's Day!Fun Facts about Irish Americans  Irish is the most common ancestry in 54 U.S. counties,

Welcome back from March Break and Happy St. Patrick's Day. Elementary students don't forget to wear your green.

We've got some Verde for your St. Patrick's day!3/17 Puerco en Salsa Verde - $8.99 Juicy and Tender Pulled

A Happy St. Patrick's Day {{{Hug}}} going out to you, Virgil! XO

Join us in Our St. Patrick's Day Celebration

#Stpatrick didn't banish all the snakes! Happy St. Patricks day everyone x

The first person who tries to pinch me for not wearing green is getting kicked in the shin so fucking hard. I dont do St Patrick's day.

We did it a day early just to lay down a marker! Happy #StPatricksDay  via #LoveBelfast

Happy St. Patricks day. I'm Irish and I'm doing nothing

Top a the mornin' to ya!  Happy St. Patrick's Day!While the show is on hiatus, why not give us a'listen an'

Christianity is booming if today's global observance of St Patrick's day is anything to go by #qanda

Top of the morning to ya! Join us today to celebrate St Patrick's Day 2014! BIG SCREENS showing all sports!

A little bit of fun on St Patricks Day for you!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!! BOILED DINNER TODAY!!!!!Try out our featured beverages, carefully crafted by

Waiting for Niall to tweet about St. Patrick's Day pfft

Good Morning Twitterville! HAPPY ST PATRICK'S DAY FOLKS!!!! Of course every one is Irish today! LMBO! Enjoy the FUN!

Free St. Patrick's Day printables and sweet recipes:

FINAL EXAMS ON ST. PATRICKS YEH

If God wanted it to snow on St. Patrick's Day, He would have put goddamn snowflake marshmallows in my goddamn Lucky Charms. #Science #Cosmos

Happy St. Patrick's Day!FOOD HOLIDAY March 17: Corned Beef And Cabbage Day

But why do we have school today? Should we be like celebrating? #StPatricksDay Happy St. Patricks Day

Happy St Patrick's day! We're hoping for some luck of the Irish this week!

Contrary to popular belief, I like greenHappy Saint Patrick's Day!#HappyStPatricksDay

Happy St Patricks Day. Aye, 'Tis the best day of the year.

lol st Patricks day and I'm wearing all black typ me

A Happy St.Patrick's Day to everyone from the Aro Digital Strategy Teams in London and Ireland! #StPatricksDay

Happy Jason Patrick Day everyone.

St. Patrick's Day Cupcake Collection

The fuck is this snow on St. Patricks day?

Celebrating St. Patrick's Festival in Ireland today? Girls  Boys make sure to print this picture off and colour

Happy St.Patricks day from #Ireland pal. Hope you're well

Top O' the Mornin' to you!  Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Take some time to read my blog about today!

Happy St. Patrick's Day Irish boy. :) :)

Happy St Patricks Day to all you irish out there 3

Wow everyone's been pinching me today and someone just told me it's st. Patricks day??? I thought that was in April????

Green juice for a happy St. Patrick's Day! May the luck of the Irish bring you good things today!

Happy St. Patrick's Day Luke!!!! Love you!! xxxx

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all of our lovely Twitter fans!

Here is my best Saint Patrick Day joke: 2 Irishmen walk out of a bar..hey it could happen!

Happy St. Patricks Day to you all. I hope you have enjoyed the long weekend. #patricksday

Man fuck green duck st Patricks day I can't even drink so what's the point of even wearing green on Americas national drinking day

Happy St. Patrick's Day dance fans -#dance

From our family to yours, Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Today's from for St. Patrick's Day: and Jim Crews. Listen on Live Stream.

Starting St Patrick's Day celebration early! #cider #sun

Happy St. Patty's day, Happy St. Patrick's day to all the Irish and to everyone today :)

happy st patricks day, first green thing I found in my camera roll (:

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! Eat green eggs, drink green beer, plant green plant, or for the heck of it, kiss someone. Just have fun!

Found this backstage, I remember this production well - happy St Patrick's day!

Oh yeah, happy at Patrick's daaay

Happy #St.Patrick's day too!!! Dont forget to wear your green!!

I don't understand st. Patricks day but I'm bout any holiday affiliated with drunk people dressed in green

Eh Nick, in honour of St Patrick's Day will you be changing your name to Nick O'Had?

Sam Adams, Heineken, NYs mayor, Bostons mayor, Guinness all withdraw participationn frm St Patricks Day parades

Fuck your snakes.-original prayer of st Patrick, probably.

Happy St Patrick's Day! Hope it brings you all the luck of the Irish.

I don't even know what St.Patrick's day mean

Do you know the history behind St. Patrick's Day?

Always makes me laugh how everyone becomes Irish on St Patrick's Day

Locusts and Wild Honey: The St. Patrick's Day Tradition: The Color Green b

Having corned beef and cabbage tonight for St. Patricks Day. #HappyStPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day from our buddy Brick!!!

Happy St Patricks Day everyone! Particularly to our Irish friends :)

This is how I do Saint Patrick's Day. :) #leprechaun #happysaintpatricksday

to you to Julia! I have a white St Patrick Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! #5Things you need to know Monday  #chsrs

To all my Irish and international buddies, happy St. Patricks day !

Its st. Patricks day. I completly forgot.

Happy St. Patrick's Day, a few miles north of our nation's capital.

One of the only places open in Loudoun this morning. Happy St. Patrick's Day

Happy St Patricks Day 2014 - I shall salute you all later!

happy saint Patrick's day.a little green inspiration.

happy st. Patrick's day. If you were home you would have the day off!!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Don't forget, wear green to class and get a prize.

Dear idiots of the world, public transportation is a beautiful thing. Use it. Happy St. Patrick's day, everyone.

Happy St Paddy's day to anyone who actually knows what St Patrick's day is

I'm dreaming of a white St Pats?  um.. NO!!  Happy St. Patrick's Day anyway!!

Wasnt St Patricks day like yesterday

And income the st Patricks day posts

happy st patricks day baby cakes xxx

Getting ready for the St Pattys Day Potluck! What shade of green do I go with? #excited #StPatricksDay

Happy Saint Patrick's Day to all Friends of Glass :)

Surly Bikes at the Battle on the Beach with Patrick Joscelyne.

Don't forget to wear green today, actually forget so I can pinch you all day! Happy St. Patricks Day!!

Words of Wisdom from St. Patrick

Movement to honor Irish immigrant killed in Vietnam War grows: Lance Cpl. Patrick (Bob) Gallagher, who was killed

Happy St. Patrick's day! May we all dare to live lives of significance. #StPatricksDay

Happy St Patrick's Day babes xx

It's 7:19 am and I've already been up for 2.5 hours! Happy St. Patricks day, y'all!

Happy St. Patrick's Day, from everyone at Nina  Co. I'm sure there will be lots of celebrating tonight after the

At least there ll be one gay at the St Patricks day NYC parade. #pride #FlyingTheFlag

it's meant to be st Patricks day and I've not got any luck cps you haven't followed me yet xxxx

Happy st Patrick's day everyone + Happy birthday mum

Come on in on today for some special St. Patrick's Day snacks in the office, and show off your green attire!

Happy St. Patty's Day!  Shopko Celebrates St. Patrick's Day with 17 cent shipping with promo code IRISH17! #17CentShipping

Happy St. Patricks Day ! From all of us at NJ Discover.

I'd like to wish you all a fun and safe St Patrick's day!! Be safe out there world!!

Completely forgot it was St. Patrick's day and just happened to wear green

Happy st Patrick day :D YER SHUT THE FUCK UP!

And until we meet again may the good Lord hold you in the palm of his hand. Happy St. Patrick's Day. ERIN GO BRAGH!

you're probably never gonna see this but I wanted to sayHappy St. Patrick's Day I wish you the luck of the IrishI love you

Google doodle at St Patrick's day. #StPatricksDay #London

Happy St Patrick's Day! - James Maguire Family Law

SAVE some $$ GREEN $$ on St. Patrick's Day! $2.00 off t-shirts all day to celebrate St. Patrick's Day!

Forgot it was St Patricks day  Nobody better not pinch me

Happy St. Patricks day! Hopefully my Irish blood gives me luck today

St. Patricks Day is probably our most school spirited day of school.

bars closed on st. patricks day? I don't think so!

Now if only god had created St Patrick instead of Adam, he could have driven out the snake before it had a quiet chat with eve!

Lol Yes, because St. Patrick's Day is a more special occasion than yesterday. #Stoner

And st patrick isn't even irish. He was kiddnapped for the british main isles and was an irish slave.

I wish ppl wld celebrate St Andrews day the same way the celebrate St Patricks day. #proudtobeScottish

#BizTrend 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know This Morning (AAPL, YHOO): Happy St. Patrick's Day, kids. Here's

Leaders of some U.S. cities noticeably absent from St. Patrick's Day celebrations over gay rights issues:

maybe will follow me because it's st patrick's day and i'm supposed to be lucky today hi yes ash please i love you s

Happy St Patricks day to everyone. We have a busy day ahead today with entertainment kicking off from 1pm.

Happy St Patrick's Day!!! Come on over to my website for a bit of Paddy's Day banter

my brother and his wife are in dublin for st patrick's day! so jealous!!

You can't drink all day if you don't start early in the morning. Happy St. Patricks Day. #WhiteStPaticksDay.

Happy St Patrick's my Irish friends Pint o' Guinness in your honour!

Whoops, its st. Patrick's day. If someone pinches me for not wearing green, I'm gonna knock you in your face.

What the fuck, how did I forget it's st.patricks day

I wore green and i didnt even know it was St. Patrick's Day

What St Patrick's Day looks like in Boston this year!

Remembering the death of St. Patrick, bishop of Ireland

There's some green in forecast. Will it affect your St. Patrick's plans? That's #LiveOnK2 at 4:30

Happy St. Patricks day! Don't pinch me or touch me, or you'll get smacked

For our fans NOT in the know, KERNOW is the Cornish name for CORNWALL. :Happy St Patricks day xK

It's St. Patricks Day and I'm not wearing green, but if anyone pinches me today I will kick their asses to Sunday.

Happy St. Patrick's day to you boys:) i love youxx

We hope that you have a very nice St. Patrick's Day and a safe one

Happy St. Patrick's Day!Q: Why don't you iron 4-Leaf Clovers?A:  Because you don't want to press your luck!

well st. Patricks day is a duuub

Why yes, that *is* a green cigar for St Patrick's Day! :D

Happy St-Patrick's day my little Irish3

Happy St Patrick's day!!!! May the luck of the Irish always shine on you!!! The gold at the end of the rainbow

sharing #suaju Syracuse ushers in St. Patrick's Day with the annual painting of the shamroc.. #paintings #artist

Here's one of my favourite movies for St. Patrick's day. What's your fave? ~~ Mike S

If you go on pandora you'll find that there is apparently music for St. Patricks Day.

Happy Saint Patricks's day to all!

Happy St Patrick's Day everyone! Enjoy and be merry! #StPatricksDay xxxx

Happy St. Patrick's Day! May the luck o' the Irish be with you today and always.

May your kilt always be long enough to hide your lucky charms. Happy St. Patricks day everyone!

Good Morning Stacy!! Happy St. Patricks Day!! Hope all is good down there!!

Having a great grandparent on my Dad's side substantiates enthusiastic appreciation of St. Patrick's day doesn't it? Good, I thought so.

Happy St. Patrick's Day Dad, I hope you are wearing your green tie and handkerchief while you attend St Patty's breakfast in heaven ..

Happy St Patrick's Day! Will you be celebrating in green today?  #StPatricksDay

Happy St Patricks Day to you Cathy #BatB

Happy st Patrick's day! I'll be spending mine in slacks, ya know.. Working. #adultlife

It's to celebrate the death of the most commonly recognized saint of Ireland, Saint Patrick

Happy St Patricks day to all my Irish customers..

i wore my green uniform sweater in honour of saint Patricks day

Happy St.Patrick's Day everyone! and congrats to Ireland for winning the six nations at the weekend. #StPatricksDay

For me: the most enjoyable St Patrick Day parades are happening right now in villages throughout Ireland

Guys a Happy St Patricks Day to Irish people all over the worldA little treat.

Good morning to all and have a blessed day And happy #StPatricksDay

Marathon Monday on St. Patrick's day? I'm feeling it.

Printable bottle labels for St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Put on your green and go workout! Beer is not a healthy carb.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Being married in Ireland should qualify this as being a mandatory day off or something #mywifeisthecoolest

Happy St. Patricks day from Ignition

Looking forward to a great celebration of St Patrick's Day with our fantastic at lunchtime today!  Happy St Paddy's Day :)

Happy St Patrick's Day everyone. Let's celebrate! #HappyStPatricksDay

Saint Patricks day is for all of those people that pretend they're Irish so they can drink all day

Happy St. Patricks Day! Just remember

Happy St Patrick's Day everyone from all here at L'Experience! We are just getting ready to OPEN for lunch and

All brave hearts on Deck. .Happy St Patrick's day

Many see today as St. Patrick's Day. I see it as that and my mom's birthday.

Thank you ma'am, have a wonderful day ! X #StPatricksDay

happy St. Patrick's day Niall!! 33How do you celebrate today??

I do not celebrate Saint Patrick's day,  I only participate in the festivities.

Come out and celebrate St. Patrick's day tonight When the Wildcats take on Arkansas Baptist, 6:00.#Showtime #business

Tune in for some booze news-it's St. Patrick's Day  there's no better way to celebrate than w/ the oldest distiller of whiskey #Bushmills

Hola hermoso st patrick's day. Hoy te festejo

Happy St. Patrick's Day! It's time to break out the shovel  whistle a few Irish tunes (that's if it isn't too cold)

We are here wearing our green today! Happy St. Patrick day. #gohawks

finished Stranger (Patrick Hedstrom and Erica Falck, Book 4) by Camilla Lackberg and gave it 4 stars

Happy St. Patrick's Day! This part Irish girl loves the Crimson Tide! RTR!

Less then an inch of snow. Still, my dream of a white St. Patrick's day came true.

Northview Diary: Happy St. Patrick's Day

Skato is wishing you a Happy St. Patrick's Day!

How else would we be spending our St. Patrick's Day?  There will be dancing this afternoon from 2pm on the stage

I doubt my school is doing anything big today for St. Patricks Day bc there's snow :/

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!! WHO'S UP? WE ARE.

{new post} St Patricks Day (Irish) Ball held in #Brussels 2014  cc:

Lol I didn't even know today was st Patricks day?

Shenanigans St Patricks Day Menu #Irish #Green #Food

Its Saint Patricks Day? Irish it wasn't.#puns

Happy St. Patrick's day everyone!!! Hope you all have a good day!! Remember wear green!! xD Love you!! 3 :*

Even though I tweeted about it, I forgot it's saint Patricks day.

Happy St. Patrick's Day!! Especially all the Irishmen hope your day is full of luck.

Good bye Westfield. Hello Manhattan  the St. Patrick's Day Parade

Check out these Irish recipes for your St. Patrick's Day celebrations!

Full moon  St. Patrick's Day. This should be interesting

Guinness for lunch is tradition on St. Patrick's day, right? It's like I have no choice, right?

Happy St Patrick's Day 3What's your Leprechaun name?Mine is Sprinkles O'Gingerly :)

IRISH FUN: We're Celebrating at St. Patrick's Day Extravaganza - DETAILS  #SoColumbus

In honor of #St.Patrick'sDay, here's a wee bit of inspiration featuring delightful green doors:

Live tweeting St. Patricks day at the fort Until I pass out or get too drunk to tweet. #irishday

Wearing yoga pants  a hoodie seemed more appropriate on st.Patricks day than wearing somethin green.

Keep your umbrella handy today but at least any additional rainfall will be light for Saint Patrick's Day. - GM

Happy St. Patrick's Day friends, we hope you have a wonderful week!

Forgot all about St. Patrick Day!!!!

On St.Patrick's Day Even my breakfast is drunk

Legend credits St. Patrick with teaching the Irish about the Holy Trinity by showing people the shamrock, a

St Patrick isn't even Irish, and match 17 is the day he died. How do you feel now?

wearing my uniform for St. Patrick's Day

#HappyMonday to you all and Happy #StPatricksDay! The day of the Irish! :) xx

Top 'o the mornin' to y'all!  Happy St. Patrick's Day too!

even better it's St. Patrick's Day!!! May the Luck of the Irish be with you today!!!

it's saint Patricks day and I'm wearing all black

ew and it's saint patricks day. my mom is gonna be hype as shit.

Happy St. Patrick's Day folks! Over the weekend, I did my own twist on what most people eat today.  Smoked Corned Beef!

my mom said Happy St Patricks Day and I was like ok give me some Irish potatoes

St. Patricks day seems to be the only day people actually admit they're Irish.

follow me for Saint Patricks day? :) xx

Spending St. Patricks day with the one and only Lala  #loveher

Pretty sure Patrick Ewing is the secret mastermind behind planned protest at Madison Square Garden.

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!St. Patrick's Day national forecast:Cold air continues to stick over the Northeast

Happy St. Patrick's day! I don't know too! LOL!!!

Photo: Map of Ireland representing St Patrick driving out the snakes by Lilian Lancaster- 19th century

Ah to be Irish!! If your Irish your already lucky enough!! Happy St. Patricks Day #ymm

Happy St. Patrick's day men

Happy Saint Patrick's Day - Be Safe and Have Fun #StPatricksDay #irishpride

She Puts Back on Her St. Patrick's Day Pantyhose After You  #PANTYHOSE/STOCKINGS via

Peruvian flag present on St Patrick's day!!!!

Enjoy those.don't forget my new releaseand don't forget to celebrate St Patrick's day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all our FB family  friends!  Remember, everyone is Irish on St. Patty's Day.  Have a

Happy St. Patrick's Day from the Motor City!!!  #ErinGoBragh

Happy ST. Patrick's day don't for get  to wear green today!!!!!!!!:)

TODAY's Behind the Scenes:  No pinching!  Happy St. Patrick's Day.

Happy St Patrick's Day From all at Wicklow RNLI

i can't go out and drink so why would i give a fuck about st. patricks day

Rain rain go away come agian some other st Patrick's day lol

blood tests and antibiotics looks like I wont be having any St Patrick's day drinks uggghhhhh

Happy St. Patrick's DaySpring is almost here!

Stop thinking you're interested in St Patricks Day

could you puuuurdy please play When The Sun Goes Down or Fluorescent Adolescent love the show big fan happy St. Patrick's day x

Happy St Patricks Day to all friends, wherever you may be.x

Happy St. Patricks Day!I'm not wearing green!! If you pinch me I will hit you!  :-)

Happy Saint Patrick's Day to all of our followers. Our featured site today is based in Dublin, Ireland.

Happy Saint Patrick's Day every single one of you!!!

Happy St Patricks Day everyone-but before you hit the GuinnessRemember its Monday!  ;)

Patrick Thistle fan ejected and arrested after allegedly racially abusing a Jags player.

Happy #StPatricksDay all! Celebrate the day in style with a delicious meal at The Tannery!

Happy Happy St.Patrick's Day everybody!  If you out on the town tonight, take care :)

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAYGREEN BEER FOR ALL !!!!!

Happy St. Patrick's day to you too handsome :)) x

Happy St. Patrick's everyone!  see you al this Friday March 21st at Arena!!

I thought it was St Patrick's Day yesterday because there was plenty of Irish and foam Guiness hats about when I went outside for pizza

Today is my birthday also so it's a doubly good day. Have a great St. Patrick's Day.

Bet y'all didn't know my sister was scared of Patrick

since its St. Patricks day, can we not do class work?

Happy St Patricks day! Wear green, trade well, and have a drink

Happy St. Patrick's day from Zsgear

Explore ways to have fun with young people on St. Patrick's Day while also teaching them something spiritual:

Well top of the morning to ya!It's an extra special #Drop for St. Patrick's Day at Tiger Tiger Portsmouth

Happy St Patrick's Day to you all ( pic from peace and paws)

HAPPY ST. PATRICKS DAY my little leprechaun. I hope u have a good day filled with a lot of good o'irish fun

Happy Monday folks and Happy St Patrick's day to all those celebrating it today!

Get your luck on! Happy St Patrick's Day!

Wearing green today?        Will you post a pic ?   :-)             Happy St Patrick's day !

This family have all the essentials! Experienced parade watchers with step ladder  stools! Happy St Patricks Day!

happy St.Patrick's day!oh n did I mention it's my birthday too?lol#am taking gifts too:)

HAPPY ST.PATRICK's DAY!!!!!Do you know who is hiding under that hat? :)

Happy St. Patrick Day to all the Irish in the world #StPatricksDay #badenglish

Oops I don't have any green clothes. Oh well happy St. Patrick's Day guys!

Irish diplomacy is the ability to tell a man to go to hell so that he looks forward to making the tripHappy St. Patricks Day!!

Happy 50th birthday mummy i love you loads and happy Saint Patricks day xxxx

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Co. Mayo to all.

Nothing says Happy St. Patricks day to your office like Starbucks green tea #TGIM

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!MY WHOLE OUTFIT IS GREEN TODAY!

i think we should have no school since its a holidayhapyy St. Patrick's day!!(;

Happy St. Patricks Day come get some luck of the Irish from us! #StPatricksDay

St. Patricks Day is really getting me pumped to be in Ireland in 51 days!

Happy st.pattys day to my twittersphere pals #StPatricksDay #stpattys #StPaddysDay

Happy St Patricks Day to all of our member, supporters and neighbours. Looking forward to the parade today.

My sister literally just killed my St. Patrick's Day vibe. #BuzzKill

Happy St Patricks day to all, Happy Birthday to me!

Happy St Patrick's day! A special day for us at the workshop as it's Gavin's Birthday cakes all round : )

Good morning, and Happy St. Patrick's Day. Be well.

Patrick runs in to Bowyer on pit road#TUBED #Sports

I forgot that today was St. Patrick's Day and I already put a green hoodie on. Woah.

Happy #StPatricksDay! Have a beery good day!! #Green #Lucky

throwback to st. Patrick's day at st. mikes when everyone would pinch each other all day long bc there was no green in our uniforms

Top o' the morning to you! Here's a fine #sudoku puzzle for St Patrick's Day.

It's Saint Patrick's Day! Don't forget to wear green so you won't get pinched! Wearing green to the shelter will

happy St. Patricks Day I'm married to him all year round!

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY! Come and join us at our Berea location at 9am for kegs and eggs! All day long both Berea

Happy St.Patricks day from Ireland King! PEACE AND LOVE!

Happy St Patrick's Day to all my fellow Irish people, gonna celebrate it by watching Minder on ITV 4 in my boxers x

Happy St.Patrick's day!! 3 So happy that we celebrate it here,in Roania,too 3 much love xxxx

Happy St. Patrick's Day, everyone!! May the road rise to meet you

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone. Please celebrate responsibly.

Happy St. Patrick's Day one and all.Wherever you go and whatever you do, May the luck of the Irish be there with you.

Happy saint Patrick's day. Open today from 5.30pm, early bird running all night.

It's St Patricks Day! I took forward to wading through lakes of green vomit tomorrow on my way into work. ;;

I love that! Happy St. Patricks Day!!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Chic green style picks over on the blog #anthro #bungalow5 #tolix

oh everyone is talking about it haha who is Patrick?

Happy St Patrick's Day, Oscar Pistorius.

Good Morning everyone. Hope you have a wonderful St. Patrick's day. I bet the meal of the day will be corn beef

First day back and its st. Patricks day? This is a sign. I have to show up drunk

Fancy Party - Costumes  Accessories - Fancy Dress for Halloween : Happy St Patricks Day!!!

This morning my mom woke me up to open a bottle of liquor for her Happy St.Patricks Day!

Just had a lecture on Japanese culture on st patricks day pretty much the furthest you can get from our national holiday

St Patrick's Day, AKA literally the worst holiday ever

I didnt even know today was st Patrick's day lol .

Oh yeah!!!! Happy St Patrick's Day! Don't get too White Girl Wasted :-P

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Did you know St Patrick is said to have used the shamrock, a three-leaved plant, in the

Wishing all my Irish Peeps a Happy St. Patricks Day! A little Irish blessing for you all!May your day be filled

Hope you all have a lovely St. Patricks Day! #ProudToBeIrish

Happy St Patrick's Day! Enjoy a little Van Morrison

May the luck of the Irish keep you drifting through today filled with happiness! Happy St. Patrick's Day!

HAPPY ST.PATRICKS DAY I HOPE U ALL FIND CONCERT TICKETS AND UR FAVORITE BOYBAND MEMBERS DICK AT THE END OF THE RAINBOW

Happy St Patricks Day to all our advertisers and readrs. The latest issue of the Plymouth Property Paper is online.

Cap doffed to Guinness (never thought I'd say that !) on this fine St. Patrick's Day. #tobesuretobesure  via

The moral for this St. Patrick's Day is: let the gays march already. #ItsOnlyRight

A side of Sheamus you've never seen before. Happy St. Patrick's Day!  #wwe #wwenetwork

Today is the day I cling to that 5 percent of Irish blood in me. Happy St. Patrick's Day! #beproud

Happy St Patricks day everyone. Enjoy the day but most of all, be safe

Thanks SIDDY! I'll post some St Patricks Day pics of the dogs when i get off work! Give the pups a treat fr me! :)

Happy St Patrick's Day from DRR

Combine a coloring activity with practice of Sight Words in this fun St Patrick's Day Printable!

how about a St. Patricks Day recope to lift your spirits?

Not gunna lie I wish I had a shirt to wear on St.Patrick's day :/ maybe I can get on on tour

Happy Saint Patrick's day! #parade Street

Dammit! It's St. Patrick's Day and I can't find my Green Lantern t-shirt!#HappyStPatricksDay #StPatricksDay #greenlantern

Guinness Withdraws from St. Patrick's Day Parade Over LGBT Ban - TIMEshared via

#WSJAudio: St. Patrick's Day Fact vs. Fiction  on #SoundCloud

Anyone want some of the green Grape Nuts my son Harrison made for St. Patrick's Day?

St. Patrick's Day isn't about luck, green men or parties It's a day to honor a man who gave his life telling

remember when I died my hair green for st.patrick's day in middle school

Brilliant!! Go Charlie! Happy St. Patrick's day btw :-)

Paddy=derogatory. Patty=St. Patricia's Day. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

This one's for St. Patrick  Spon Gate (Wetherspoon))

I told ma that its St. Patrick's Day I'm staying outta school lol

I HAVE A DAY OFF SCHOOL BC ST PATRICKS DAY HAHA FUCKERS

Hello guys!! Today is Saint Patrick's Day.

Its st patricks day. And also my birthday. :-)

ST. Patrick's Day, where's my green you ask? It's inhaled in my lungs YA BISH

Happy Saint Patrick's Day to me. lol

HOPE EVERYONE HAS A LUCKY ST PATRICKS DAY HOPE NIALL WAKES UP IN UR BED

Happy St Patrick's Day Theo! :D#DeniseTheoTo1M

even on an average day , my wallet on St.Patricks day .

since it's at Patricks day will you follow me? :)

St. Patrick's Day greetings from Co. Clare

Dogtown residents ready to party for the St Patrick's Day festivities !

is it bad that I didn't know it was St Patrick's day

happy st patricks day to ya as well lass

#kissmeimirish Happy St Patricks to all. I'm so #lucky .  Became a member of this time last year !

and rains fall soft upon your fields.And until we meet again,May God hold you in the palm of His hand. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St.Patricks Day!! Enjoy and be safe!! #StPatricksDay

St Paddy's day, not Patty. Paddy is short for Patrick #alsonotirish

Can't wait to tease him at tonight's meeting LOL . . . Happy #St.Patrick'sDay!

Idc if it's St.Patrick's day if you pinch me for not wearing green I'm probably gonna punch you

have a happy St Patricks day Sir. Us mortals will have to wait until 5 to savour some of the good black stuff

I'm celebrating St Patrick's Day by wearing green trousers  by watching the best ads: via

Good morning.Happy St. Patrick's Day! Are you wearing #green today?We didn't have enough time to take the

Heute ist St Patrick's Tag  #irland

I didn't even know it was st Patricks day until my mom reminded me I hate this world

Is st Patrick s day also the name day of Patricks?? I mean whoever is named Patrick is celebrating today?? Stupid question I know.. :P

To celebrate St. Patrick's Day we are using Antibes Green today in the shop - put down your Guinness and pick up

Happy St. Patrick's Day! 3*Irishgirl*

Morning, Jill!  Happy St. Patrick's Day to you, too!  Have a great week, my friend!  :)

Queen Pauline's St. Patrick's Day message, from Java and Ted at 89.9 KIC Country.

It's St. Patrick's Day today! Mulligan's on Friday hehe

Happy St Patrick's Day!!!Today all day- Corn beef  cabbage, Kenny does it best!!2.50 16oz green beer and 1.00 jello shots all day.

Why not rep Sparty green for St Patricks day #Gogreen

What are we even celebrating on St. Patrick's Day?

St. Patrick's day means everyone at Cayuga is going to be dressed up as leprechauns or over decorated with green. Are my two years up yet?

I'm at St. Patrick's Day 2014 w/

St Patrick's Day isn't really celebrated in South Africa #DailyQuestion

What is st. Patrick's day all about btw?! ..tell me??!!!!!!

St. patrick's day! Mac's Irish Bar  Restaurant

Happy St Patrick's Day from Quark  the Creative Virtual team!

May St Patrick's Day bring you all the charm of the Irish, the wealth of the Leprechauns and the ready conversation of the Blarney Stone.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! To celebrate, we prepared Chocolate Irish Cream Cheesecakes, Mint Chocolate Mousse in

Wishing all of you a Happy St. Patrick's Day, from all of us at Ramelton Country Market. Have a great day everyone :)

Happy St. Patrick's Dayto One and All!!

i am irish and i care about st patricks 60% less than americans

Patrick Cockburn: Three years after Gaddafi, #Libya is imploding into chaos and violence

Happy St Patrick's Day sweethearts :)

#njmorningshow The plows are back!  St. Patrick's Day snowstorm south of 195!  I'm live

My Grandmother was Irish. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Side note: Happy St Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!! Let the Spring Fling festivities begin!!!! Drop by New River or the Beaufort Student

AhSt. Patrick's Day. Or as I like to call it: Amateur Hour.

Going into the city on st Patrick's day, pray for me

The only reason most people celebrate st. Patricks day is to have an excuse to make a lot of food and wear green

Happy Saint Patrick's Day, lovelies!! xo

Happy St. Patrick's day - the one day of the year where everyone who isn't Irish has a valid excuse to drink

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! More snow to celebrate :-/

Just found out its St. Patricks day.Whuuut.

what a good way to start the week ! st Patrick's day today and touring on the weekend London and Birmingham I hope your ready for the show !

Shamrock socks say happy St. Patrick's Day!

Me and my Irish Lads and Lass! Happy St. Patrick's Day, friends!

Happy St.Patrick's Day! Get your tickets for tonight's celebration!

i forgot it was St. Patricks day oops who the f cares

st.patricks day doesn't make this monday any better like im still tired

you would be the one to do this PATRICK

Happy St. Patrick's day! With #HelenaChemical every day is #Green

only Catholics have saints. Protestants don't. Point of interest st. Patrick not a big fan of a Guinness sponsored piss-up.

Dude.you should be wearing green underwear for St. Patrick's Day..#StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day. Soon, we will be seeing green of spring.

Happy St. Patrick's DayMonday , March 17Today's SoupChicken Noodleand Mushroom BisqueSpecialGrilled

Happy St. Patrick's day love you all !!! Xx

I should really get a green shirt because every St. Patrick's day I never have anything green to wear

Happy St. Patrick's Day!Monday morning shake:Green Protein Shake:

Happy St. Patrick's day. Heading to Kingston Ontario this afternoon for a celebratory dinner and whiskey tasting! #Ireland #whiskey

Does anyone else not care that it's St Patrick's Day?

Happy St. Patrick's Day from SeekingSitters! Does your family have any St. Patrick's Day Traditions?

happy St Patricks Day from Germany Steph :)) xx

St. Patrick's Day + Six Nations Championship + Roddy Doyle = Eternal Optimism

We think it's about time for a hearty Irish lunch to honour St Patrick! Sit down between 12 noon  3pm for Irish Stew, Dublin Coddle

i'm not irish but niall is so like happy saint patrick's day i tried to think of a witty tweet but failed ok just ask cassidy soRRY

Cead Mile Failte! Happy St. Patrick's Day!! Erin go Bragh!! :)

Happy Green stuff day peeps!!! I'll be eating this little guy very soon#StPatricksDay

Happy Saint Patrick's Day, have a good one.Unfortunately for me I'm stuck in bed for it, some virus goin round, whole family has had it now

happy st.Patrick's day love!! :) please follow me! !

Happy St Patrick's Day. Who's celebrating tonight? #StPatricksDay

So good to meMonday morningit was all I hoped it would be Love the sing along  Happy St Patrick's to you!! Go Irish

Happy St patricks DayMaking Your wine celebrates this Shop is open and we have several bottles open for wine

Happy St. Patrick's Day, all my Irish and Irish-for-the-day tweeps! Enjoy much boiled salty meat and potatoes!

I'm not Irish, but kiss me anyway - especially if YOU'RE Irish. Happy St. Patrick's Day tweetie pies! *resumes shoveling buttload of snow*

Not after the New York St. Patrick's Parade fiasco.

Ayo I'm Irish happy st Patricks day my middle name was taken from you

happy st. Patrick's day you Irish boy

fuck i forgot it was st patricks day and im wearing green, now i look like a pansy

It would be a great prank to release some green snakes for this St.Patrick's Day parade.

Ugh. I'm a mess for St. Patrick's Day .

cause who cares about st Patricks day

I don't know what st.patrick is um

When did St. Patricks day become synonymous with heavy alcohol intake? I recall the festive Irish music as a child.

It's still weird to me that chicago dyes an entire body of water green on st patricks day

Happy St Patrick's Day from work!!

Happy St Patrick's Day to all our friends and followers in Ireland!

Ahh the day of my people! Happy St. Patricks Day! #irish #redhead

Green is my fav color, I love saint Patrick's day but I don't own any green shirts?

Turned my profile pic Green Today in honour of all my Irish Followers, Happy St Patricks Day, Luv an all good

Wee Doo in the club with the ladsladies today then Rangers match on Sky tonight. Can St Patricks Day be any better!!

Today's the first day of spirit week! Hitting it off with motivational speaker, Ian Tyson! Also happy St. Patrick's Day, wear green!

I don't have no type of green on  it's St. Patrick's Day.

Happy St Patricks DayModel: Dwanda Custis HarrisStudio 3EPhotography and edits: Photos By Goomann

I'm wearing a green shirt with a 3 leaf clover on it and I just realized it's Saint Patricks day. #ishouldgochange

Happy St. Patrick's Day laddies and lassies!

St Patrick used the native shamrock as a symbol of the holy trinity when preaching and brought the Latin alphabet to Ireland. #randomfact

Happy st Patricks day everyone, especially all my fellow Irish out there! Many pints of guiness will be had today I can Imagine

Happy St. Patricks's Day!! Bar District

Hoping to see get a win on St.Patrick's Day! Best wishes from a Sri Lankan :) #COYBIG

Happy St. Patrick's Day. I Mean Happy White Trash Holiday

May the luck of the Irish be with you, Happy St. Patrick's Day from Vacation Village Resorts!

Happy St. Patrick's Day from all of us at Monroe and Main!

i don't even what it is but happy st.patricks day

I can imagine! Have one for me too! Happy St Patrick's Day Niall!

How will you be spending St. Patricks day Niall? x

Happy St. Patrick's Day. We have the Best Jameson, Guinness, Irish Carbomb  Conway's Irish Ale specials in North

Happy St Patrick's Day to you too Nialler :)

St Patrick's day in savannah: If ur not drunk by 8am. U did it wrong #itsagreatdayfortheirish  #ErinGoBragh

happy st,patrick! :) ilysm follow me please?

ily Niall happy st Patrick's day :)

Happy St. Patricks day to you to! Come back to Ireland just for this day :) And then you can relax and have a pint of Guiness

Street Closure: Sandwich St between Brock  Detroit from Mon 3:30pm to Tues 1am. Please celebrate St.Patrick's Day safely  responsibly ^PM

3 Green  Healthy Recipes for St. Patrick's Day

Top o' the mornin' to ya! Start off your St. Patrick's day with a few historical facts about this national holiday.

Hope you have a very happy St Patricks Day babe. Drink up  merry.

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!Re-share to spread the joy and luck with your friends and family! 3

What do you mean? Insulting that Guinness hijack St. Patrick's Day?

happy patrick's day Green , perfect color 3.

i rather be drinking at the st patricks day parade than be in school rn

Get up. Its St Patrick's Day!

I think this is the first time in my life I've gone to work on ST. Patricks day.

Happy St Patrick's Day, lets not be too serious about what it all means and have fun!!

The luck of the Irish was with me this morning Wore Green without remembering ole St. Patrick. #RIPbro

MCM.Happy St Patricks Day! Don't know a better Irishman!

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Glass Blocks of St. Louis!

HAPPY ST PATRICKS DAY!! I KNOW THAT YOU DO NOT EVER FOLLOW ME, BUT I ASK YOU THE SAME, FOLLOW ME?

I'm not even Irish but I wore green for st patricks day and like no one in my school is dressed up cool

I forgot it's st. Patricks day oops

Happy St Patricks day Niall ! Hope ya have fun today :)

happy st patricks day and all that jazz i'll probably be on after school

Niall horan please follow me Happy st Patricks day

Maybe the luck of the Irish will help you fill out your NCAA March Madness brackets today. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

happy st patricks day to you :D

I just found out today is St Patrick's day.-M

Happy St Patricks day. It's okay to drink the patrick out of the day. #DrinkResponsibly

HAPPYY ST..PATRICK'S DAYYY GUISE !!!! I'M SO HYPE!!!

don't get to shit-faced today, but happy St Patricks Day too.

Happy St. Patricks Day from the younger versions of ourselves! brendino17 #homemadevests #thanksmom

#Lowell Saint Patrick's Day breakfast for always a fun morning!

Happy St Patrick's day Ni' ! Have a great day men. What's ur fav country ? Really.  Perfum ?

Carolann Fowler  Chris Ryan kicking things off this morning HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY EVERYBODY : )

Happy St Patricks Day. An Irish blessin' fer ye.

you should wear green. It's Saint Patrick's Day. :))

Happy St. Patrick's day Who needs a beer?

St. Patrick's day at the Leahy's this morning!

We are informed by Louise Ferguson that St. Patrick is also the patron saint of Ireland and outdoor furniture. Thanks Louise!

Rob Ford goes to the St. Patrick's Day parade dressed as the Mayor of Munchkinland #TOpoli

Happy St. Patrick's Day to our favorite Irish Sport Horse, Aidan!

If you're Irish, it doesn't matter where you go - you'll find family. ~ Victoria Smurfit (Same with the 4-H Family!) Happy St. Patrick's Day

happy St Patrick Niall! ! I also have Irish blood :D xxx

Elbow injury robs Sydney fans from seeing Arizona's superstar pitcher Patrick  - The Australian

St. Patricks day in St. Thomas smh

Happy st Patricks day every1, especially all my fellow Irish out there! Many pints of guiness will be had today I can Imagine

Hey sunshine! Happy st. Patrick's day. Love you :*

Happy St Patricks Day everyone we're open to 11pm so stock up with our green buckets and enjoy yourselves!

A very happy St Patricks day.A great w/e for the Irish winning The Nations Cupfor me Liverpool beating Man U

drunk niall pictures is what im looking up to every st patricks day

Its St. Patrick's day? I didn't wear green..oh well..my eyes are green..does that count?!

Today is St. Patrick's day so wear green.. if you want to. You don't have to. Nothing is truly mandatory in this endless abyss we call life.

Wishing a happy St Patricks Day to all celebrating at PD+P and to our Carryduff team!

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Pleats!

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Cohn Furniture!

Thanks for posting the lovely St. Patrick's Day Prayer last night! I'm going to have to make a copy to keep.

Four-leaf clovers. Leprechauns. Green beer. What's missing? Saint Patrick!The day is actually observed for the

Happy St. Patrick's Day - the day that we are all a little Irish!

It's St. Patrick's day, and I'm not drunk :(

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Heritage House Sotheby's International Realty!

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!! Come by at 4:30pm to celebrate with us and have some corn beef!!

A repost from last July at Glasgow Gailes GC after a week of proper links golf. Happy St Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  We'll have to make Kinetic Sand green for next year!

Since I can't drink this St. Patrick's Day, I will have to settle with eating steak and potatoes until I pass out regretting my decisions.

Happy St. Patricks day! May the luck of my people help get you through your Monday! #StPatricksDay #MondayMotivation

Saint Patrick's day!! Good morning

Happy St. Patricks Day, its this day that i wish i had some kind of Irish in my family!!! #drink

And the wee one rewards her with a treat or two  Happy Saint Patrick's Day, everyone!

All the white people I follow so hype for St. Patricks day. This they holiday niggaa. BLACK PEOPLE DONT RUIN IT FOR THEM.

Givadamn about St. Patricks Day. Pinch me  get slapped

Happy Official St.Patrick's Day Everyone

Want to learn about St Patrick's spirituality rather than Guinness or leprechauns? Sr Jude Groden can help

MARCH 17 2014, MY GODSON WAS BORN #ST PATRICKS DAY

St. Patrick's Day was celebrated in New York City for 1st time #OTD in 1756. The event took place at Crown and Thistle Tavern

Happy St Patrick's Day! Who's your favourite Irish actor/actress?

Ppl care about St.Patrick's day or nah!?

happy st patricks day nialler! Will you be my leprechauns? :D xxx

St. Patrick's day must be awful for color blind people. Or just blind people. #PinchPinch

Happy St Patricks Day from me and Cherry Partystar

ITS NOT 'ST PATTYS DAY' ITS 'ST PATRICKS DAY' OR 'PADDYS DAY' I REPEAT NOT PATTYS DAY

See the London St Patrick's Day Parade from  #HappyStPatricksDay

Calling all green snowmen! Get the green dye ready! Would love to see your St. Patrick's Day themed snow creations in my evening newscasts:)

What Would St. Patrick Do? #theoryoftheday

Here's your #StPatricksDay #weather #forecast for #Texoma over the next seven day, info:  #KFDX #wichitafalls

After living overseas in Ireland I really cringe at our embarrassing St. Patricks day traditions here in America.

HAPP ST.PATRICK DAY TO YOU! Haha I'm not Irish but why not join along!

Loving the green page for #StPatricksDay -  Happy St. Patrick's Day everybody !

Give up yer aul sins. Happy St Patricks Day

New Rob Ford St. Patrick's Day Video Shows Mayor Red-Faced, Swearing - Huffington Post Canada: National PostNe

Happy st. Patrick's day/snow day!

Didn't even know it's st Patricks day

People talking about St. Patrick day

happy st patricks day t you too! haha thats my dads middle name. i aint wearing green tday though ha.

Happy St. Patrick's Day from the ABE TV crew and the little leprechauns in Mrs. Hawes' class.

Walk up into school for St. Patrick s day like

Finally - had to find a pic of this from coverage. There Goes BOD. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visit Irish Guards for St. Patrick's Day

Nervo. St Patricks. Dublin Wright Venue

Patricks day a day for da Irish all over da world where's da Patricks day love Haha

FCPS (MD) Closed Today. Happy Snow Patrick's Day!

happy saint patricks day im wearing leprechaun socks :)))

Happy St. Patrick's Day, folks! We had a blast playing for you at Shamrock the Block. This weekend we'll be in

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!!!!!Here's a time lapse of them dying the Chicago River green..and your history-

Happy St Patrick's Day! Here's our tips on how to create a good design for the event:

Happy St Patricks day lads, Have a good one! :)

i wish u an amazing st patrick day :)xx

Everyone's making such a big deal about St. Patricks day,  the only thing I'm concerned about is my cats birthday today.

St. Patrick's day. thought it would be appropriate to wear my green John Cena shirt!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Erin go Brah!

St. Patrick is not even irish,hes from britain!#StPatricksDay

Congress: votebrannigan: A Happy St. Patrick's Day Message to all! Have a fun and safe day today! Vote Tomorr

Nothing says St. Patrick's Day like Enrique Iglesias. :-)

I'm not going to wear green for St Patricks day today.. such a rebel. Lol

st Patricks day will always be my least favorite day of the year and least favorite holiday til the day i die

Happy St Patricks Day to my favorite Irish guy

Happy St Patrick's day!!! Drinking starts in 2 hours, plus an Indian buffet lunch. #bestday #dundee

Happy St.Patrick's Day! Last day with braces!

St. Patrick's day u mean drunk Niall hq pic day

Well it's St.Patrick's day today, so what's everyone going to do? :)

The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited the Irish Guards at Mons Barracks to celebrate St Patrick's Day. #HappyStPatricksDay

Today is Monday. Today is St. Patricks Day. It's cold. Now everyone can ignore Facebook and Twitter for the rest of the day. You're welcome.

#potd #Outlander Happy St. Patrick's Day. Get ready. Tartan is coming.

Happy St. Patrick's Day - let up help celebrate with one of our great treats or a pupcake :)

have a happy  st. Patrick day :):):)

Happy St. Patrick's Day! In my book, it's the finest of holidays.

is there a spirit day for st. Patricks day today? or no?

Happy St Patricks day!! :DI hope you are good today If you see this please follow me it would make me soo happyWw

Photoset: twirlsandcurlz: How an Irish dancer does a St. Patricks Day dorm room door decorating contest

Everyone's Irish on St. Patricks day, silly

Irish whiskey ice luge!!! Happy St Patricks Day! #Irish #whiskey #stpatsday #mollybrannigansirishpub

how I wish I was in Ireland to celebrate at. Patricks day!!!

In honor of St. Patrick, I shall fly only green-ish Gallente ships today. And drink beer. #tweetfleet #eveonline

Happy St Patricks day!! :DI hope you are good today If you see this please follow me it would make me soo happyUu

Happy St Patrick's day! We'll be back on Twitter tomorrow morning for your customer queries and info on #PoweringRewards. :) #keepingitgreen

The stew is ready, the soda bread is fresh out the oven and there is loads of Guinness in the cellar. Happy St Patricks day #StPatricksDay

So do saint patrick day celebrations get canceled because of snow too?

Happy Monday! On this St. Patrick's Day, I want to note that the Reapers in my new book wear forest green pants as part of their ensemble.

It's St Patrick's day all around the world. If you're inspired, add your poem(s) here: #poetry #StPatricksDay

Dirty Old Town #SalemMA Happy St. Patrick's Day!

How Irish Are You? Happy St. Patricks Day !

Happy St.Patrick's Day! 3 :D - D

Why am I seeing white snow instead of GREEN grass on ST. PATRICK'S DAY??????????

Happy st Patrick's day to every one!! Especially those fellow Irish!!! And 3

Spilled salt on the table on St. Patrick's Day. What a way to start my day, huh? #nojoke #HappyStPatricksDay

April showers bring May flowers. Rain vs no rain, thankful for rain. HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!!

It's st. Patricks day and I'm awake early

Happy St. Patrick's DayMay the luck of the Irish be with you today and throughout the rest of the year . AND

Happy St. Patrick's Day.  May everyone have the luck of the Irish today!

quote this with a selfie bc it's St. Patrick's day and yeah.

HAPPY ST. PATRICKS DAY MWHEEEEEEEEEE

He is ruining my st Patricks day

Now in Newport News: Event | Celebrate St. Patrick's with The Chieftans For the third stra

Damn It looks good in green. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St Patrick's! In his honor I urge all Catholics to bring a large stick to work  use it to drive out all the pagans from the office.

Cammy is really showing true st. Patrick's day spirit with an ugly yet green tie

didnt even know today was St Patricks day, i just happened to be wearin green.

Almost Forgot It Was St. Patrick's Day.

Monday Motivation -- 3/17/14: Pesto Chicken Recipe included.  Green for St. Patrick's Day!

I'm sure today is one day that #PNP noh like..good thing a noh #USA dem base. #StPatricksDay #GreenAllOver

Wylde Nept is in the studio bright and early on your St Patrick's Day! We need some whiskey stat.

idek what St. Patrick's day is so

Happy St. Patrick's Day, Peeps! Celebrate responsibly ;)

Happy St. Patrick's Day and all of our Irish friends. And everyone called Patrick! #TogetherWePlay #StPatricksDay #ellesse

Happy 'St. Patrick's Day', join us for an all Irish day,'Green' drinks, the famous 'Baby Guinness  more.

Great news for lovers of the green: Irish whiskey sales are up by 17.5%. Here's one to try for St. Patrick's Day:

St Patricks Day is the only reason I like living in Ireland

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Put on something green and join us at a group exercise class. 9:00 - Indoor Cycling

St Patrick's Day Parade, Dublin, mid-1980s.

O God, who chose the Bishop Saint Patrick to preach your glory to the peoples of Ireland, grant, through his

i'm doing green weed for st. patrick's day!!!!

Happy St.Patrick's daythat's how you said it right???

It's Saint Patricks day and I made GREEN while I was sleeping last night!!! Oh yeah I own a network marketing

In celebration of St Patrick's day here are some rather large antlers from an Irish Elk!

Happy Saint Patrick's Day Noeleen :)

HAPPY ST.PATRICK'S DAY from your favorite ladies on THE COUCH!

For the day that's in it. The Muppets do Danny Boy  #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Daywe all have a bit of Irish in us.

Waking up to bagpipes Gonna be a great day #StPatricksDay

I'm wearing red on St. Patrick's Day because reasons. (My dress has some green on it, though. And I have a green bracelet I always wear. :P)

st patricks daay is my fav #happytweet

Happy St Patrick's Day Fuckersssssss

Happy St.Patricks Day Green #spring #fashion - Dinamit Jeans Men's Botton Front Cardigan   via

You can't pinch me because I'm green with envy about all the St. Patrick's day fun you're having. #SomethingLikeThat

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY ZAYNN!!even thou you're not irish hihihihi

Screw Guinness, Guinness pulls sponsorship of New York St. Patrick's Day Parade | Fox News  via

I love St. Patrick's Day because of the food especially the potatoes

happy st Patrick's day have a good day at work.

Happy St. Patricks Day! FYI this is not a Mug Shot.

Happy St. Patricks Day to all the Paddys out there!

Happy St. Patrick's Day, lads and lassies! :)

St. Patrick's Day t-shirts available! Check out all of our items!  #stpatricksday #craicaddict

Well good morning and happy st patricks day i feel like itd be hella awesome to be celebrating in Ireland rn

Several Judges will be marching in the St. Patrick's Day Parade! It steps off at 1:04PM at East 18th and Superior. See you there?!

Patrick: the patron saint of New Jersey binge drinkers. #8amBarfOnTheSubway

It's Monday friends. DO NOT BE ALARMED. If we remain calm and find some Irish Coffee we can get through this. Happy St Patrick's Day!

Paddy's Day or St. Patrick's Day .. It's not Patty's . Just a small bit of info from Dublin :)

It's St. Patrick's day, we need to go to the beach!

WE ARE OPEN! And we've got a one day special St Patrick's day burger for your delectation, coming right up

Happy St. Patricks day! Enjoy green and if u drink be responsible! :) have a great day!

Gay rights politics get in the way of St. Patrick's Day parades  253 yrs of green in NYC must now be rainbow.

I only wear green on St. Patricks Day so people don't pinch me.

Breakfast at Casa Aherne xxx Happy St Patricks day kids  Be safe  make good choices xxxx

Happy St. Patricks DayMeanwhile spring break is overI don't want to go back to school.

St. Patrick's Day weather: Partly sunny with high of 25 today, overnight low of 15. High tomorrow of 39. Right

yeaa and happy st Patrick's day!

Would ya ever say a prayer to St. Anthony for me? 49 Things Irish Mothers Say  #Stpatricksday

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Hope everyone wears a bit of green on their run today!

Happy St. Patricks Day!! Here are a few facts about the holiday to get your brain working on this Monday! Enjoy!

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! Where are you celebrating later? #ErinSnowBragh

do a jig its St. Patrick's day!! YEEEAAAOW!!

I had to be awake so early that I forgot it's st Patricks day. Boo

Saint Patrick wasn't from Ireland..

Middlesex gives #Lowell Mayor Rodney Elliott a portrait of her family's backs a tip she got from former Mayor Patrick Murphy

what's the point of st. patricks day if no one can see your green ):

This snow makes me not wanna go sit in a bar all day. #SIKE #StPatricksDay

You remember that one March 17th when Saint Patrick didn't go on the beer? No one talked to him for like a month

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Freshen up on some of the best Irish soccer players of all time!

St. Patrick was a missionary to people who enslaved him. He loved his enemies. May we love our enemies  be missionaries to them.

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all from Doherty!!

Happy St.Patrick's Day!!!!! May the luck of the Irish be with you today and everyday!

So I'm just getting the memo that it's St. Patrick's Day

No offense to the Minnesota Wild, but it's St. Patrick's Day - we should be playing (brawling) the Flyers.

St Patricks day is not for black people

Happy St. Patricks Day!Don't let anyone get your 'Lucky Charms'!

Well now! That's great news! Thx. And Happy St. Patrick's Day to you (both) Two great editors. : ) #grateful

Happy St Patrick's Day from Belfast. xx

Happy #StPatricksDay #NYC! Join us after the parade! $5 stouts, $8 Jameson's and $8 fireballs, ALL DAY.

It's going to be a Cornbeef,cabbage,red potatoes,carrot and corn on the cob kinda DAY!! Happy St. Patricks Day!

Saint Fucking Patrick's Day. - Drinking a Best Extra Stout by -  #photo

happy st. patrick's day! for people who can drinkDRINK YOUR HEART OUT

I hope you have enough luck for today becuz it is the #st.patrick'sday

St. Patrick's Day wake up song: Drunken Lullabies by Flogging Molly

yes it is Saint Patrick's Day  yes I will be wearing green just because it tradition

Since it's St. Patrick's Day make sure you are wearing green, especially this color greene.

G'morning Handsome! Happy St Patrick's Day! Looking forward to a tweet from you! Luv ya babe! Xoxo

St Patricks Day the one day of the year I have to wear green. This shouldn't be a problem except all my clothes are maize and blue

Media greets St Patricks Day with a giant F*** You to the Irish.

Dear everyone: St. Patrick's, St. Paddy's, St. Pat's. All good Irish names for the day. Patty, though is a woman's name.

TY Mikey  same to u, what's St Patrick tho? #Clueless have a fab weekend u 2 :) X

My boss is way too festive for St. Patrick's Day.

St Patrick - Patron saint of Nigeria - Happy #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day from First Fresh!

Teaching about St. Patrick's Day is just making want a drink #stpatricksday #leprechaun #getmeacider

Didn't realize it was st Patricks day til I saw an ocean of green at school neat

Happy St Patrick's Day my lovelys

Def didn't know today was St. Patricks day.

love you Harry soooooooooooooooo muchHappy st.patrick's to you tooPlease follow me33333

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Enjoy the day and Don't Drink and Drive!!! #craftbeer #tourism

Happy St.Patrick's Day everyone! Enjoy your pint of Guinness, your shot of Jameson or your pint of green colored beer today!!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  If you make the trek to Manchester, wear green (our favorite color) and mention this

Happy saint Patrick's day to everyone that's Irish and not, especially my not so little leprechaun!!!

I remember on St Patricks day I used to wear green to school when I was little

Happy St. Patrick's day! Hope today provokes lots of the luck of the Irish!

I swear next year I'm going full out for st Patrick's day Idec

Good morning Jon. For you Happy St. Patrick's Day Io

HAPPY ST PATRICK DAY EVERYWHERE. COME ON IRELAND

Picked out my entire outfit before I realized it's st Patricks day ..

Happy St. Patrick's Day..time for a NEW PROMOTION!!!!!

Clean air  Irish Music:  - Happy St. Patrick's Day!!

watching the st. Patricks day parade right now. I am feeling very Irish

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!! 6 Days from $1039*!!Wouldn't you love to visit Ireland? I definitely would! It's a

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Sunset Metal Fab -

The Mobile leprechaun is my favorite St. Patrick's Day tradition!  via

Happy St. Patrick's Day--Frisco's in green in this shot, anyway. :-)

happy St. Patricks day, dear!:* have a wonderful day3 Love ya:* #niallhoran

Happy for St. Patrick's Day? Your Feelings are Contagious on Facebook!

It baffles me that people associate St Patrick's with getting pissed. What makes it so special? Do you not drink on other days?

Happy St. Patrick's Day from the team at Corporate Data  Voice Solutions. #StPatricksDay #VOIP

Thanks for the RT and Happy St. Patrick's day to you!

It's funny how many people 'have a little bit of Irish in them' when St Patrick's Day rolls around.

Irish Everyday Happy St. Patricks Day

#News: Tunisia's main secular party open to Islamist coalition: By Patrick Markey and Tarek Amara TUNIS (R  #TU

It's my lads Birthday today, being born on St Patrick's day guarantees him a party wherever he is in the World and I really love that.

happy st. patrick's day! (the boys are too cute)

Always enjoy St Patricks day, very proud of my Irish roots

Join us today for a traditional St. Patrick's Day Feast of Corned Beef  Cabbage, Carrots, Potatoes and Turnip,

Was gonna put the green bagel I ate earlier on Instagram and than I remembered it's St. Patrick's Day and I rather be chugging a beer

Happy St. Patrick's Day you Irish boy youuuu :)

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! Got a little green on Ella for the day.

St. Patrick's Day makes me think of my ex, and that pisses me off.

This is SOOO very True!! Happy St.Patrick's Day!! #TravelSafe #IrishBlessings

Happy #StPatricksDay ;) See life in green :D remembering our St Patrick in Hingh school with classmates It was epic

Is St Patrick's day today? Actually I don't care I am not from NYC.

Don't give up on faith Jr .you'll get it next week . Happy St Patrick's Day to you .

St Patrick's day is way better if you're over 18

Happy St Patrick's Day! Yum Yum!! #happystpatricksday #gogreen #happymonday x

at Patricks day, let's get wasted?

Do any other countries except Ireland celebrate St Patrick's?

Who was St. Patrick anyway? - First Coast News

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Do you have your tickets to the and friends concert? $10

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Field Team 6!! #caucustrack

Wondering what to do todayhappy St Patrick's day!

Snow on St. Patrick's Day. This is new.

Happy Snow Patrick's Day! Only 3 more days until the first day of spring with temperatures expected to be in the

Day 17: Green. Getting dressed on St. Patricks Day takes #teamwork. #thephotochallenge2014

Happy St. Patrick's Day! On the menu today is a Loin of Irish Lamb, Coffee-Roasted Carrots + Truffle Potatoes. Delicious! #greatfoodeveryday

Kicking off my St Patrick's Day with the traditional 5:30 AM conference call to Mumbai

Thank you for the RT - hope you enjoy St Patrick's Day too ;)

Omg it's St. Patricks Day

BTW, HAPPY SAINT PATRICK'S DAY!!

Whos this patrick kid that everyone is on about?

happy st. Patrick's day babee!

Happy Saint Patricks Day! May you find your pot of gold and the end of the rainbow!

Happy St Patrick's Day to my favourite Irishman. love you Niall xx

Meat pasties with Guinness recipe for St Patrick's Day

slept for about 18 of the last 24 hours..you win st Patrick. you win.

WTF am I doing at work on St Patrick's day? ? I need to be at a bar getting some woman drunk so she leaves with someone else.

No matter where you are in the world, watch the St Patrick's Dublin Parade live on:  Join the conversation #pureirish

Sen. Donoghue/City of Lowell St. Patrick's day event packed! (glad we picked an Irishman - Dan Murphy -  to run the campaign) -  jad

Is it appropriate to wear a green Christmas sweater on St.Patricks day if it's the only green shirt I own???

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! Also, Happy Start of Spring Practice for PSU Day!! #ErinGoBragh #WeAre

@highlight

Don't miss St Patrick's Day celebrations in Trafalgar Square and across London tomorrow.

@highlight

you must wear green participate in St. Patrick's Day Parade.

@highlight

El Cajon streets run green for St. Patrick's Day Half Marathon.

@highlight

Guinness has cancelled its sponsorship of the New York City St Patrick's Day parade today

@highlight

Heineken also withdraws from NYC St Patrick's sponsorship in support of gay rights.