One Gunman holds hostages inside Sydney cafe.

Police don't know gunman's motivation.

Australian Prime Minister Makes Statement On On-Going Sydney Cafe Attack

Hostage-taker in Sydney cafe siege is Iranian refugee named Sheikh Man Monis, well known preacher, who came to Sydney from Iran in the 1990s. 

Police says Sydney cafe hostage situation is over after more than 16 hours and hostages have been released. 

Man Who Held Dozens Hostage in Sydney Suspected of 50 Sexual.

2 Hostages dead, 4 wounde in Sydney siege.

Hostages 34 year old man, 38 year old woman dead as Sydney siege ends.

The suspects in both Sydney and Pennsylvania are alleged to be involved in their ex-wives' deaths. Can we talk about gender violence now?

Australian police say no explosive devices found in Sydney cafe siege.

Uber criticized for surge pricing during Sydney siege:

SYDNEY AND HER 3 NEW BABIES - AN HOUR OLD - FIRM OFFER OF RESCUE FROM CAT ADOPTI: SYDNEY AND HER 3 NEW BABI

The Sydney situation ended with a fatality. Hostage scenarios the world over seem to end this way now.

Australian police say gunman among three killed in cafe siege

#Police End #Sydney #Hostage Siege After 16 Hours; #Gunman #Killed - Dec 15 PM ET

Yar Kia Kia Hogaya Aaj Lahore MeinAur Mein Sydney Mein Laga RahaAmbulance + Sana Mirza + This!!!

A look at the man believed to be behind the hostage crisis that took place in Sydney

RIP to the 2 hostages who lost their lives this morning. Can't fathom how something like this could happen in Sydney. Praying 4 the families

this blows. Hooe the ruling party launches a 'Sydney Siege, Aborigines Ki Sazish'

Islamist piece of shit and 2 hostages dead in Sydney siege

Sydney Hostage Siege Ends With Captor and 2 Captives Dead: See on Scoop.it - News You Can Use - NO PINKSLIMETh

Video: AP  - Police: Gunman, 2 Hostages Dead in Sydney Cafe: Sydney police say three people have died, includi

#Gunman, two others #dead in #Sydney siege, #police say - Dec 15 PM ET

Can someone point me to the horrible Islamophobic incident resulting in injury or loss of life in Sydney that necessitates #illridewithyou?

Police: Gunman, 2 Hostages Dead in Sydney Cafe  [Sale  ] #video

#Sydney #Hostage Crisis Ends After #Police #Raid Cafe - Dec 15 PM ET

Police in Sydney: 3 dead in raid to free captives held by Iranian-born gunman  [Sale  ] #news

#SeeingSydney Picture a clear day, having coffee, anywhere USA  #Sydney happens. Speak up now. We have NO President.

Charging surge prices during Sydney's hostage crisis reminded us that Uber cares more about profits than people

What happened in Sydney im confused

yep like today's distraction in Sydney

Very sad to hear that two innocent people lost their lives in Sydney. A time to love, and grieve, and embrace what we hold dear. X

Watch the moment police storm Sydney cafe where gunman was holding hostages

show thiss!! Shout out to Sydney and do you ship Leoney?

Sydney proves yet again there's no such thing as a lone wolf. It's about terrorist wolf packs. #sydneysiege #SydneyHostageCrisis

Really ? Get your judiciary here in Sydney to get cracking on about serious bail laws overhaul.

#NEW | The boys being interviewed in Sydney - 26.11.2014 (16-18) #MTVSTARS One Direction

I'm surprised it took the Sydney hostage siege to take presstitute's attention from the #HandsUpDontShoot myth. #Ferguson

Hostages in Sydney were forced to make a propaganda video - totally against the Geneva Convention from which terrorists seem exempted.

Martin Place siege: #illridewithyou hashtag goes viral #Auspol #SydneySiege unites us

OH FUCK I MEAN THEY DONT LIVE IN THE CITY PART BUT STILL  I MEAN THEYRE LIVES ARENT THE ONLY LIVES IN SYDNEY BUT GEEZ

Are we trending Hulu #SaveSelfie #SeasonSeason2 in three hours? These timezones are confusing me because I'm from Sydney #Heliza #SelfieABC

A 16-hour siege in Sydney ended early Tuesday after two hostages and their armed captor were killed

in hot water for raising fares while people tried to flee gunman in Sydney:

Sydney siege ends; 3 dead, including gunman: The deadly siege began in the most incongruous of ways, on a sunn

Sydney siege: Anti-terrorist law in NZ 100% justified, says MP  via

Sydney siege: Hostages escaped when gunman Man Haron Monis 'let his guard down': A group of hostages he  (Indp)

Sydney hostage taker was an extremist preacher. In a mosque. BUT HEY, Holder says mosques are off limits.

LIVE - Sydney hostage crisis: Suspect cloaked his actions with symbolism of ISIS death cult, says Aus PM Abbott

Armed Police Storm Sydney Cafe:

Sydney siege ends: Gunman Man Haron Monis' 'violent history' - Sunrise  via

Why was Sydney siege gunman on bail?  #Wikileaks #Y

Barely got any sleep just thinking about everything that happened in Sydney .

#Sydney brunch very different today. Hug those you love folks. Life is precious. #StrangeFoodTweet sad

People that are barking out orders about how liberals should respond to what happened in Sydney. They're annoying.

mutuals who live in or near sydney, be safe.

toptrends: the first 2 are all serious and about the horrifying events in Sydney and then there's just 5SOS chilling with their twitcam LOL

If you're coming to tonight's show in Sydney Please bring a 'We Love Mill' sign. Thank you for your cooperation.

Sydney will be darling of global celebrity set

pls spread the news about what happened In Sydney the background ext   pls enlighten world

Was #Sydney hostage-taker inspired by #ISIS - Dec 15 PM ET

Dramatic end to #Sydney #hostage crisis - Dec 15 PM ET

Sydney terrorists have nothing to do with Islam. Now, can someone please translate this flag they're using?  #Auspol

1 of 2 hostages slain in #AustraliaSiege was Katrina Dawson, Sydney lawyer and mother of 3, according to New South Wales Bar Association.

As the Sydney Siege Comes to an End, Hundreds of Thousands of Tweets Show Solidarity with

A sad day for sydney. Rest In Paradise to the hostages that lost their lives this morning :( what's this world coming to #illridewithyou

Our thoughts are with everyone in Sydney. Take care when travelling and let's look after one another #illridewithyou

#illridewithyou takes off on social media after the Sydney hostage siege:

How Australian newspapers covered the 16-hour Sydney siege

The Sydney terrorist was out on bail or something for his wife's murder last year. She was stabbed  set on fire. Bad guy.

RAW: The moment police storm #Sydney hostage site using live rounds  grenades  the shock and awe approach

Really sad the Sydney siege wasn't able to end peacefully and pretty anxious about what it's going to do to racial discourse in the country.

Sydney-like attacks greatest #fear, US officials say - Dec 15 PM ET

Summary of media's coverage of siege in Sydney (on repeat) via /r/funny

A 16-hour hostage situation in Sydney, Australia left the captor and two hostages dead

Is the Hostage Situation in Sydney a False Flag Operation? | The Daily Sheeple  via

nice words but something has to change given this did occur and shut down a lot of Sydney

*Zaid hops on next plane to Sydney, stands outside airport looking alone and afraid*

MT Muslims protested in Sydney about a movie, why aren't they protesting about ISIL?  #Auspol #Politas

Sydney attack means we'll be seeing more attacks in the EU and the West! We must do something!

We're on the other side of the country, but first thing son asked this morn was about what was happening in Sydney. Sad outcome.

Prayers to those in Australia  in Sydney after yesterday's events. #illridewithyou #PrayForSydney #PrayForAustralia #AustraliaStrong

Abut Sydney gunman:2008 request for feds to investigate him: 2/2

my heart goes out to the people caught in the sydney hold up situation.whatever men are doing,God is watching. #praying

Sydney siege sparks quot;I#039;ll ride with youquot; campaign for worried Muslims

Thanks for your wisdom. Always helps to know I'm not alone. Regarding Sydney, if you haven't seen it, you'll like #illridewithyou

Pres. Obama has offered assistance to Australia following #Sydney attack. reports on

Heroic Sydney cafe manager, 34, shot dead as he grabbed terrorist's gun to protect hostages

Modern Logic: Muslims slaughter Muslims. Muslim terror hits #sydney Solution? Western powers throw #Israel to the dogs

Some in Sydney, media especially, are carrying on as if the city has been destroyed like #CycloneTracy It's terrible but get a grip people.

Fmr. #Navy SEAL speaks about #Sydney attack - Dec 15 PM ET

Praying for the people who lost their family and friends in the CBD siege in Sydney. Stay strong #illridewithyou for unity and strength

Thousands of flowers at Martin place Sydney lovely to see sad day may the victims r.i.p n thoughts those recovering today

Sydney siege gunman was known to Australian authorities:   (LAT)

I was briefed overnight on the siege in Sydney. It's deeply concerning and my thoughts are with all those caught up in it.

Katrina Dawson died trying to protect a pregnant friend. #sydney

Sydney cafe siege probe begins: Australian police begin an investigation into the deaths of three people  (bbc)

Remembering the victims killed in Sydney hostage crisis  [Sale  ] #video

Some media house has branded the Sydney shooter as Sydney Ka Sanki.

The events that have happened in my hometown - Sydney, Australia. Both shocking  and tragic. Prayers for all.

If someone was carrying in that cafe in Sydney, there would've been a different outcome. #tcot

Sydney cafe attack: Portrait emerges of gunman Man Haron Monis: One day after a gunman took 17 people ho  (Fox)

Sydney just showed the world Humanity is OUR job. #illridewithyou

Second innocent victim of Sydney hostage siege named as 'hero' cafe manager Tori Johnson

Photo: A woman blows a kiss after giving a floral tribute for those who died in the Sydney cafe siege

Google News UK: How the Sydney siege unfolded - BBC News: BBC NewsHow the Sydney siege unfoldedBBC N  #News #UK

What does one say about Indian dailies that cover Sydney's lone-wolf attack more extensively than recent terror killing of 11 Indian troops?

yeah why would I or Australia be having a great day waking up the news in Sydney

@highlight

One Gunman holds hostages inside Sydney cafe.

@highlight

Australian Prime Minister Makes Statement On On-Going Sydney Cafe Attack

@highlight

Hostage-taker in Sydney cafe siege is Iranian refugee named Sheikh Man Monis, well known preacher, who came to Sydney from Iran in the 1990s. 

@highlight

Man Who Held Dozens Hostage in Sydney Suspected of 50 Sexual.

@highlight

A 16-hour hostage situation in Sydney, Australia left the captor and two hostages dead, other hostages have been released. 

@highlight

Hostages 34 year old man, 38 year old woman dead as Sydney siege ends.