Official says at least 140 dead in Paris attacks; 8 assailants killed.

Paris police says there were three attacks. Attackers reportedly used AK-47 automatic weapons.

The Paris attacks began w/ the explosion at Gate J of the Stade de France.

B-town shows support for Paris attack victims - The Times of India  via

Antoine Griezmann's sister caught up in Paris terror attacks while French star played at Stade de France

#Israel 'I just want to go home to Israel': Jews living in Paris describe the difficult feelings and emo  #News

OPINION: #Paris must not do what Washington did after 9/11  #ParisAttacks

#ElArcaDeTwitter News Media Scrambles to Cover Attacks in Paris: American media outlets rushe  #TheArkOfTwitter

43 killed in Beirut 2d ago, in Syria people are dying by the minute. A world outraged only by Paris attacks also discriminates between blood

WATCH: Video Shows Paris Attack Victims Fleeing From the Bataclan Theater (Warning: Graphic)  Terrible, je suis Paris

Islamic State says Paris attacks were a response to insults of Islam's Prophet and airstrikes in Islamic state territory

Description Of Venues Targeted By Terrorists Attacks In Paris

Paris prosecutor on terror attacks:- 129 dead- 352 injured in Paris terror attacks; 99 critically- 7 attackers killed

Oh snap.  French ambassador just laid the smack down on #Paris

Feeling so heartbroken for Paris. My heart goes out to everyone there xxxxx

Paris and Beirut in Shock and Anger After Massive Terrorist Attacks

Don't bother with facts. America loses more people to Gun violence weekly than the Paris attacks, sad as they are.

If you are currently in #paris the most sensible advice appears to be: get indoors  stay there. Gunmen at large.

Man arrested in Belgium in raids linked to the Paris attacks

RT: :The Paris attackers were all armed with heavy weaponry and suicide vests, Paris prosecutor said

To those attacking people about focusing on France and not other places in the worldSTOP. Now is not the time! #ParisAttacks

You can now add a Facebook profile filter to show solidarity with Paris

NBA players express sympathy and shock over Paris' terrorist tragedy:

I'll be hosting a special live show tomorrow at 10 am ET, airing worldwide on CNN, looking at latest news and developments on Paris attacks

Facebook's new profile picture filter lets users show their support for Paris

Tomorrow's front page for The - 'We join Paris, defiant in the face of an appalling massacre'

#breaking #parisattacks Eiffel Tower area evacuated, heavy police activity around Pullman Hotel in 7th Arrondissement Paris - Reuters

U2, Foo Fighters cancel #European shows after Paris attacks:   VIA

Paris concert gunman identified as French national with Islamist ties: ISIS have claimed responsibility for mu

Three Teams of Coordinated Muslim Terrorists Carried Out Assault on Paris

Paris cab drivers will give people around the city free rides home

Foo Fighters Cancel Gigs After Paris Attacks

Very important point from interview w- on what the Paris attacks mean for ISIS strategy.

#DemDebate Will you choose diplomacy over knee jerk military actions after the Paris attacks?

ISIS Paris Attacker Passed Through Greece from Syria

What The Paris Attacks Mean For The Fight Against ISIS

tweet captures why it's appalling to blame refugees for the Paris attacks  #p2utm_medium=socialutm_source=twitter

Twitter hashtag reveals the dead, wounded and missing in Paris attacks  via nypost

#news Paris to answer war with pitiless war  #til_now #AsianAge

Pray for lebanon and pray for paris and pray for mizzou and pray for every part of the world that is suffering like this

U2 Pays Homage to the Paris Attack Victims Near the Bataclan Concert Hall

am soo sorry Paris for this God heal Paris

I'm sorry but changing your profile picture doesn't help Paris. They need answers on why this happen.

#Iran #Terrorism Paris Terrorist Attacks: Muslims, Iranian And Arab Leaders Condemn ISIS Vio  #Islam #Tcot #UHF

There were 3 Brazilians in the Paris attack, but they suffered minor injuries (well, one was shot in the back 3 times but is doing well).

World sings, lights up in solidarity with wounded France after #Paris attacks

Sometimes you need to pray for others especially after a massacre like in Paris. It's not always Bout us. Grow up!

Sending all my thoughts to The people in Paris. #prayforparis

College student from California studying abroad killed in Paris attacks: LONG BEACH, Calif. (Reuters  (Reuters)

Love you Mark! Love you Paris!

Devastation in France: What We Know About The Paris Attacks - ABC News -  via

Paris terror attacks: England vs France friendly will go ahead despite suicide bombings - via

'Shooting and Explosions' Heard in Paris Suburb Are False Alarm | News | teleSUR English

Man pushes piano into the street in Paris and plays John Lennon's Imagine. #ParisAttacks

Republican Candidates Urge Aggressive Response After Paris Attacks | brvbar; 64

A message of support 4 #Muslims  after #Paris  attacks is lighting up the Internet  via #ParisAttacks

How dense are you?  How many lives would have been saved, last night, in Paris, had they been allowed to have a gun?? INDEFENSIBLE!

Paris attacks: Terrorists want to 'turn everyone against everyone', expert warns  #Sydney #News

Even with his opening statement. Sanders talked Paris a bit, immediately pivoted back to his comfort zone. Which is the critique. #DemDebate

The media stays hyping the ONE American killed in Paris. We get it. Not everything is about America. Damn.

6 questions for Democrats about #Paris attacks amp;infin; 16:

I see ppl comparing the #ParisAttacks w ongoing internal issues in other countries. Those are horrible, but Paris is not IN such a country+

All the papers had to say was that Marilyn was found in the nude. #media #eltonjohn #paris #passports

Russia steps up security after Paris attacks

Cities Light Up Around the World After Paris Attacks | NBC Southern California  via

Rob Lowe defends Paris attack tweets after being slammed for comments

It's the truth. Trump: Paris attacks 'different' if civilians had guns  via

Jane Richard, younger sister of Boston Marathon bombing victim Martin Richard, sends love to Paris  #news

Paris Shooting Appears Fake #falseflag | Events

PHOTOS: 129 dead amid violence in France: See photos showing the violence in Paris, France.  (Yahoo)

Bastille Day, 14 Juillet 2015, Tour Eiffel, Paris Night, France.

Foreign victims of Paris bloodbath include several Arabs     #ParisAttacks

Madonna thinking of Paris in Sweden last night - La Vie en Rose Stockholm 2015-11-13. Rebel heart Tour  via

Leaders to correct finals statement of G20 summit following events in Paris  #IT

The Paris attacks reveal a systemic failure of counterterrorism institutions:

#News Paris Terror: Investigations spread across Europe: Follow our live blog for all the latest news and anal

The boys did a minute silence for Paris before the session started and I gained even more respect for them

Tributes for Paris Attack Victims in Beijing - Chinese students and French expatriates offer condolences at Fra

German arrest for car full of machine guns, explosives linked to Paris attacks: Reuters reports that a German

U2 - Running to Stand Still (Paris, 1987)  via

The Baticlan Concert Hall memorial in Paris at noon today in Paris

Eagles Of Death Metal Crew Member Dead In Paris Attacks: GF

More gunfire reported in Paris, sounds of ambulances and sirens near sky news live position #ParisAttacks

The players will wear a black ribbon on their shirts to honor the victims and families in Paris.

#Paris attacks: Gigs cancelled as bands pay respects brvbar; 38

idiots -people DIED in Paris - not just got their feelings hurt - selfish fools

Mayor says five arrested in Brussels raids linked to Paris attack..

UK / US / France supplying weapons to vile Saudi royal regime . Used to commit atrocities in YEMEN .  #paris #Hollande

Police find car with suspected links to Paris attacks; relatives of suicide bomber questioned..

What we know about Paris attacker Ismael Omar Mostefai

Bono on Paris attacks: 'This is the first direct hit on music'No musician was killed or even shot at, dude. Was an attack on a crowd.

#GunSense #GunLaws Donald Trump Said Paris Attack Victims With Guns Could Have Thwarted Suici  #UniteBlue #Tcot

Safest place in the world is an American South, pork BBQ restaurant. #Paris #ParisAttacks

Paris attacks: P.E.I. expat living in Paris says she's 'a bit freaked out'

Ian McEwan writes a message from Paris.

Video on Paris events and the danger to us which may lie ahead coming up shortly #Galloway4London

Firecrackers cause 'collective panic' in Paris

Suspected Paris terrorist 'was let go by police at Belgian border' after Paris attack

#California Student Among #Paris #Victims - Nov 15 PM ET

#PSG - Lucas Paris Saint-Germain 2016 SoccerStarZ MicroStars Green Base Ls Fg 15/16 New

racist #BlackLivesMatter thugs double down on hate with #F**K  Paris hashtag

Destroy them all. Show them same 'mercy' they showed in #Paris #Chattanooga #FtHood #TwinTowers #WTC #teaparty

After what the migrants did I'm Paris-no way,

@highlight

Official says at least 140 dead in Paris attacks; 8 assailants killed.

@highlight

Paris police says there were three attacks. Attackers reportedly used AK-47 automatic weapons.

@highlight

The Paris attacks began w/ the explosion at Gate J of the Stade de France.

@highlight

Eagles Of Death metal crew member dead in Paris attacks.

@highlight

The players will wear a black ribbon on their shirts to honor the victims and families in Paris.