Hurricane Sandy lashes Bahamas with wind and rain.

Hurricane Sandy is churning up the waves! Expect peak wind gusts in excess of 50 mph on shore.

NYC is getting a hurricane, many flights to New York are cancelled.

Megastorm could wreak havoc across 800 miles of U.S.

Our flashlights, radios, and wife's vibrators all use the same batteries. Bring it on hurricane Sandy! Bring it on!

Oops..what group SANG the SANDY song in 1966?

Alright #Sandy.  Please hurry up and come wipe this horrible #jets #dolphins game away please?  Thanks!

Airlines cancel thousands of flights before storm; 50m Americans to be affected  #Sandy

MT Don't freak out. Download #Hurricane app and prepare yourself instead.  #US

Bloody Mary's  British Cinema: Gosford Park, Pride  Prejudice  Hot Fuzz #sandy

Prep is over, just waiting for the coming of Sandy, about 2 am Monday my time.

I can't find a solid time--when will the hurricane hit the tri-state area? #inquiringminds

Seriously though I hope the people I do know over there stay safe. It's insane how gigantic and weird Hurricane Sandy is.

Sandy Will Bring The Potential For Very Heavy Rainfall To Northern New England Monday Afternoon Into Tuesday. Flood

Wow everyone is frantically perparing for Sandy.

Unbelievableanother hurricane in the East Coast.. it's really just unbelievable.

I don't think everybody will be So nervous about it #ImNotInNYCAtTheMoment imagine if New York is touch by Sandy

is snow chasing in #WV. He's posting about it on (as well as on Twitter):  #sandy

Romney camp prepares for Hurricane Sandy

Consider the back end of #Sandy; days after the storm leaves the South Florida vicinity, storm surge hits:

you too? My only hurricane prep is wine

Boo hiss hurricane that I'm dead center of BUT YAY NO SCHOOL OR WORK FOR THE NEXT TWO DAYS!

Are u all stocked up for tomorrow? I bought EXTRA batteries. And my radio is all set too. Screw the hurricane. Be there!

Do we have school tomorrow? I hope not I don't want Sandy to attack us all.

are we sure this is all just #hurricane #sandy and not the ice princess active again? #GH

For everyone worried about #SANDY read THIS article about what to really expect from 'worst case scenario'

NYSE Closing Stock Exchange Floor for #Sandy. First time in 27 years.

Hurricane Sandy: Zone A Evacuation, Schools Closed Monday - Business Insider

#ZoneA includes: City Island, a small patch of Throgs Neck, and another patch of the South Bronx in the Bronx #Sandy #NYC

Tomorrow: #UN headquarters will be closed on Monday due to Hurricane #Sandy. More info here:  via

Sandy must have on a strap on because the region is bracing for her.

THIS! --- Someone should have told Obama #Benghazi was a hurricane and he might have canceled his Vega$ tri

Pope launches appeal for victims of Hurricane Sandy on Independent Catholic News

#NASA_Earth_Observat Overnight View of Hurricane Sandy: Special sensors on the Suomi NPP satellite captured this

Hi Lindsay, Reservations extremely busy due to St. John's airport closure and Hurc Sandy Is there a question we can help with

if I drown in hurricane sandy will you write a freestyle biography about me and send it to news stations all over

So apparently hurricane Sandy is going to hit Ontario hard. What a cunt.

This bitch Sandy is fucking with my money.  I can't have that.

When McDonald's closes you know it's about to get real. #sandy

THEY ARE CLOSING STARBUCKS LOCATIONS GUYS THIS IS SERIOUS. #Sandy #fb

In 1992, Bill Clinton scored points in Florida by making a very empathetic visit just after Hurricane Andrew; George H.W. Bush also went

Sandy's a stupid name for a hurricane. Helga. Now that's a proper hurricane name.

Photo: Great image of #Sandy approaching Cape Hatteras

Praying for everyone involved and around this hurricane !

I bet wrestlers on the East Coast are pumped for Hurricane Sandy. No school. No practice. And Mom went grocery shopping!

Thoughts and prayers to friends on the east coast in dealing with hurricane Sandy. May it pass quickly  cause

thinking of everyone on the East Coast of the USA this evening; keep tucked up  safe #Sandy  You're such a #ClassAct, Sarah!

If you think standing on a beach during a hurricane makes you a 'rebel', congratulations in advance on your Darwin Award.

This weeks podcast is delayed slightly by Hurricane Sandy, should be up within the hour. Apologies.

All flight operations in and out of PHL have been canceled for tomorrow, Monday, Oct 29th due to #Sandy.

MaRSDD: Hurricane Sandy via Google Crisis Response  MaRSDD: Hurricane Sandy via  #education

WeatherBELL model graphics wide-open for duration of Hurricane #Sandy.

These hurricane sandy tweets are hilarious but so wrong.

Eh, the two best Simpsons hurricane avatars have taken and I feel I should stay with this one until the lockout ends. #nobodycares

Google crisis map is out for #Sandy . You may wish to favorite this to stay on top of this monster storm #NY #NJ #flood

Do not suspend the campaign b/c of Sandy. We can't afford 2 lose those days !!!!

much obliged..we're dead in the hurricane's crosshairs but we're as prepared as we can be #GoodLuckToAllInSandysWay

Outside again, #Sandy inches closer to DC as the rain picks up.

CBS5: East Coast braces for Hurricane Sandy  #news

omg, sandy's on a picture of it like  its the hurricane,  its funnier when you see it on the picture :3

Hope hurricane sandy doesn't cause too much havoc!! Be safe my friends.

i can't swim oops guess if i was near hurricane sandy i would be dead by now

Hurricane Sandy's death toll rises to 65 in Haiti RT: WHY is everyone in SUCH a panic about hurricane (i'm calling it Sally)?

on Hurricane #Sandy: 'Global warming costs big bucks'  via Bette - STFU  SING- or whatever.

Prayers to everyone in New York waiting for Sandy to hit. Be safe, stay low, stay prayed up. I love you all.

Video: Iconic New York Apple Store prepares for Hurricane Sandy -

United Airlines allowing passengers affected by Hurricane #Sandy 2change travel plans w/o penalty  ll

My whole backyard is huge trees so this hurricane better not knock any down or else they'll fall on my house  I'

CNN Breaking News - Hurricane Sandy is some 485 miles south-southeast of New York City packing winds of 75 mph. - giddy up!

Dear East Coast buckle up  stay safe as we let Sandy cruise by. #HurricaneSandy,

Boy,I sure am glad climate change is a hoaxyeah right.#sandy

NUEVO MAPA DE TRAYECTORIAS EMPUJA A SANDY A TOCAR TIERRA (SU CENTRO) LUNES A LA MEDIA NOCHE

Sext: I loved that last tweet about something other than the fucking hurricane. I'm going to bed.

bouta make sure my phone is fully charged when this hurricane come n shit.

If you are in #Sandy path Pls check on your friends, neighbors, sick and elderly. Also go to  for local updates. RT

Okay back to the Weather Channel Goodnight all ;-)Waiting for #Sandy

Waiting out Hurricane Sandy with the one  only Hurricane Fresh

sooo hurricane Sandy you better bring my husband with you ! you hear me!!!!  oh Patrick too  k thanks 3

Now taking bets for when the first zealot issues a press release stating that #Sandy is shaped like a fetus. Any takers?

HURRICANE SANDY SHOULD ATTACK ROMNEY HOUSE ! LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

Live images of Manhattan, updated every 60 seconds, from the 51st floor of the NYTimes building as #sandy approaches http

Prepping for the arrival of #HurricaneSandy? Send us your stories. Email them to 6720  #Sandy

Sandy really got ppl on iG blowin mine with this fxckin rate game. Have a seat

Hurricane Sandy: 7,000 flights cancelled

Hurricane Sandy is 290 miles east of Cape Hatteras, North Carolina with winds of 75mph and is moving north at 14mph

To all my followers on the US East Coast. Take care  stay safe #Hurricane #Sandy

A cool thing would be if right when Hurricane Sandy hits, that Tupac hologram shows up and just does some cool shit.

Aljazeera news Hurricane Sandy set to take US by storm: Millions of East Coast residents prepare for what could

Hurricane Sandy lumbered toward the densely populated East Coast early Monday, leaving millions of residents wit

Thoughts go out to everyone effected my this hurricane in the states!!

The Learning Network Blog: 6 Q's About the News | Hurricane Sandy Versus the  #hurricanesandtropicalstorms #education

Good Monday Morning on theTJMS, with Sandy Knocking on Our Door, Updates, Weather, Newd  Traffic, Let's GO!

Pres Obama cancels Florida campaign event due to #Sandy. Heading to DC to oversee storm response.

Video: AP  - Superstorm Sandy Shutting Down East Coast: Planes are grounded, public transportation systems are s

Use slider to compare Irene from 2011 and massive storm system of Sandy   cc:

Air Force hurricane hunters have just completed their second pass this a.m through #Sandy. Pressure has dropped further:

Ready for Hurricane Sandy? An Illustrated Guide to Preparing for Disaster | Education on GOOD

Call it #Frankenstorm or Hurricane #Sandy- Why this Dangerous #Storm Will Boost The US Economy - Forbes

Both  suspending paywalls today so u can check their sites for #Sandy updates even if u don't have d

I pray you have a safe flight, Mike. #Sandy

I'm going to need more batteries  //t.co/x9YwG12b #Sandy

Shorter Romney. ''Where does all that water come from?'' #FrankenStorm #Sandy #ChemTrails #GlobalWarming

NY, NJ: Simchos Cancelled Due to Hurricane Sandy:  has learned of a number o  via

did a same-day confirmed change on my flight to SEA to meet up with coworker who missed his flight (no fault of sandy's) #bldwin

@highlight

Hurricane Sandy lashes Bahamas with wind and rain.

@highlight

Hurricane Sandy is churning up the waves! Expect peak wind gusts in excess of 50 mph on shore.

@highlight

Airlines cancel 7000 flights, 50m Americans to be affected, and public transportation systems are stoped.

@highlight

Hurricane Sandy is some 485 miles south-southeast of New York City packing winds of 75 mph.