Boston Marathon Update: The reports 2 dead; 20-year-old Saudi Arabian national being held suspect:

Obama and his people will be blaming the Right, Republicans, the NRA and gun owners before this Boston episode is over!

just got home nd finding out bout the bombs in boston. why do people show so much hatred against everyone? cant we stay in peace?

To all our #EMSfamily working in #Boston we are thinking of you.

Hellooooo 1D World is goinggggggg to Boston! Opens this weekend!!!!! #1DWorldBoston

You go to school You get shot You run a marathon  You get bombed I hate this world#prayforboston

Our hearts go out to all those affected by the #Boston tragedy.  tools:

good to know u in my head to know what I know about and what I don't. Good luck with that mentality. Still praying for Boston.

23 injured, 2 dead after Explosion at Boston Marathon  - Apr 15 PM ET

My heart is heavy watching the Boston Marathon news. My thoughts are with the athletes, spectators, families  a

Obama: We still do not know who did this or why Groups responsible for (Boston) explosions will feel the full weight of justice.

Boston EMS/Police want everyone who is stuck in bars/restaurants/etc to know street sweeps are happening now. Please RT.

Our thoughts and love go out to everyone in the great city of Boston right now.

XOs :-( all my #boston friends- sending thoughts u r way on this difficult day. #BostonMarathon

It's amazing to hear of the marathon runners running straight through to donate blood at Mass General #prayforboston #pro

The bombing was just confirmed as a terrorist attack. Even though I knew it was one, it still hurts. #prayforboston

Boston cops confirm 3 blasts at #BostonMarathon - 2 simultaneous  3rd approx. 4:30p.m. Visitors told to stay inside

#Breaking: Obama briefed by FBI Director Mueller and Homeland Security Secretary Napolitano on Boston incident

Per Boehner aide, a photo of Boehner and Obama speaking about Boston around 5:30 p.m. ET.

be really careful when looking up info on the boston marathon, guys. there are some extremely graphic images floating around.

Our crew just heard about the horrible events at the Boston Marathon. We all pass our condolences and thoughts to eve

. is spreading racist lies about the events in #Boston. #BostonPD has made clear their claims are bogus. ht

Warning, graphic  Shocking video from captures both explosions at the Boston Marathon http

Boston marathon is 1 of most celebrated public sport events in world,  takes place on Patriots Day which marks 1st battles of US revolution

I send a prayer with every heartbeat to the people out there in Boston! #prayforboston

Boston police: At least two people died and 22 others hurt in Boston Marathon explosions.

I think if there's a FUCKING BOMBING IN BOSTON WHILE WE'RE AT SCHOOL THEY SHOULD HAVE TO TELL US

Boston Police: Not 'Definitive' On Whether Explosions Were An Attack  via

Saudi National Under Guard After Bombing100 Wounded, According to Boston Globe

God is great, please don't loose site of that. This bad day in Boston could have been worse had it not been for His love for His people

why is everyone afraid to call it an act of terror? domestic or abroad terrorism, either way it's terrorism. #Boston

One of the two people killed was an 8-year-old child, says Wolf Blitzer on CNN. #boston

I'm pretty sure I don't care about which news outlet you think is awesome  which one is evil; I care about 'Boston'.

Oh God, twelve perished in the Boston event.

omg my heart goes out to all the people in the bombing in boston you're in my prayers #StayStrong #prayforboston

Are u kidding me!? Bombing the Boston Marathon!!? So sad, my heart goes out to everyone who was injured!! #Disgusting

Speaker Boehner spoke to President Obama today around 5:30pmET regarding the tragedy in Boston

For any runners in Boston that need a place to stay tonight   Pls help me spread this

Thoughts to the families of 2 dead in bomb blasts in Boston, 8 in Afghanistan, 1 in Pakistan and 31 in Iraq today. Gl

I wonder if publicists for a certain major summer blockbuster are trying to muzzle their screenwriter before he gets crazy about Boston

Obama had no time to call Boston Bombings a #Terrorist Attack, he's busy asking Eric Holder how do we spin this one?  #FortHood #Benghazi

Please!  Right now I'm only interested in the many, many victims in Boston.  Priorities!

Google rolls out Person Finder for those affected by Boston Marathon explosions  PLS RT

UPDATE: Police are asking everyone in Boston to stay home; if you do go out, do not travel in large groups.

Fuck. Just woke up to see Boston bombing. Seems they've caught a suspect. Hope all my tweeps are okay!

explosions at the finish line of a marathon in Boston. Now there are bomb threats everywhere

Wow I just turned on the News  saw what just happened in Boston, my prayers go out to the families of the lost

Obama to address nation on Boston Marathon explosions from the White House at 22:10 GMT: reports #ht

Newtown Runners Reportedly 'Safe' Following Boston Tragedy - Newtown, CT Patch

Twitter is a weird place. One minute it's Boston the next it's Made in Chelsea

Your Boston Red Sox avi made me concerned that you could be near the bombing. :(

Are u guys still going to care about Boston in a few months.....?

Boston PD have denied reports by   is really shitty in times like this. NO oversight apparently.

If ur trying to find somebody or know any info abt the goings-on in Boston, check this out

oh wow! Bomb explosion in Boston. I wonder how many human rights and civil liberties are going to be abolished in the

NBC News: National counter terror officials did not have any threat reporting against the Boston Maratho

Current understandind is there were no threats on the Boston Marathon prior/contemporaneous to this incident.

it makes me feel sick to think people are making jokes about the Boston bombings, go get some fucking respect! #prayforb

So the people who bombed Boston.. We're trying to kill the victims of the Sandy Hook tragedy.SMGDH #PrayForBoston

For every idiot with a bomb there are thousands of us dedicated to love and kindness they can never win.Hang in

BREAKING: Cops guarding a suspect in Boston hospital after explosions. Watch for updates:

MT avg Boston finish time (when most people are crossing) was 4:18 last yr. Explosion went off at 4:09:40. Most people in area

reading more and more about boston is making me feel more and more sick at the world. i really dont understand people

One last reflection: Whether they are in Boston or not, if you love someone, tell them! Life is fragile  the next breath is not promised.

IF YOU'RE IN BOSTON RIGHT NOW, CALL 617-222-1212 IF YOU SEE ANYTHING SUSPICIOUS!

is LIVE on the phone from Boston, where she was watching the race.

I was 6 minutes away from qualifying for the Boston marathon. If I was 6 minutes faster I WOULD have been there today! #Pr

Hey. I know y'all aren't IN Boston, but you're okay? Good thoughts to you and yours.

3 bombs just went off in Boston (an act of terrorism!) nd y'all are worried abt Rihanna.. love the priorities guys..

Suspect in Boston Marathon Bombing In Custody! Being held at an area Hospital in Boston!

Boston marathon bombings now CONFIRMED as terrorist attack.

If you know anything about the bombings call 1 800 849 TIPS#prayforboston

I'm glad ESPN is reporting about Boston. Sports are so unimportant when things like this happen #prayforboston

UPDATE:  Boston hospitals report more  via

Twitter is showing its value--learning far more details about the Boston bombing from social media than from watchin

terrible news about boston marathon. How sad for everyone involved.

President Obama: We Will Find Person Who Caused Boston Explosions  pls retweet Follow #celebrity

I covered three Boston Marathons, always positioned at the finish. Can not comprehend what has happened. Such a special

An 8 yr old was killed at the Boston Marathon. It's being reported on #prayersforboston

solve it clue style.  it was ????? with bombs at the boston marathon.  weve almost got it.  i thought candlestick at first

#Any tiny little item may solve this horrid attack,do not hesitate to tell #Federal #Investigators any item,in Boston

Concur. MT #Boston MT this Mr. Rogers quote.. I'm finding it oddly comforting right now htt

MARATHON EXPLOSIONS: Boston hospitals report 107 people brought to seven institutions for blast injuries

Just about to take off from DC to Boston when pilot announces 1 hour delay. Unlikely to be weather related. Unlikely to

On the news they said that 617.635.4500 is a number to call if you're locating loved ones in Boston.

Boston police commissioner just said there is no suspect in custody. So please stop spreading around false info people.

Officials confirm 3rd explosion at JFK Library, not sure if it's related to Boston Marathon blasts #fox5atl

Our thoughts are with those affected by the tragic event at the Boston Marathon

It is so weird to hear President Obama talking about America standing with Boston. This whole thing is just surreal.

Shut the fuck up  don't ever come to my city  Jihad in Boston: 12 dead, 50 injured  horri

Boston Police: NO suspect in custody in #BostonMarathon bombings

I aint gonna lie, This Boston shit got Times Square in NewYork on edge

BREAKING: 'Dozens of people seriously injured' after 2 explosions near finish of Boston Marathon (via #CNN

internetexplorers: this is so terrible im so sad i hope all my followers living in boston near where the

TPM: Boston PD deny reports that anyone is in custody following Boston attacks -

Just heard that is ok!  Thanks to everyone for tweeting!  Scared for everyone else in Boston.  #Prayer

Prayers and positive thoughts go out to all in Boston during this time of chaos.

It's scary knowing that we have fiesta coming up here in SA  look what happened today in Boston. You never know wh

WTF moment with pic of Obama resting his foot against antique desk in Oval Office as he talks to FBI re: Boston Marathon bombing - lazy ass!

SEE LIVE EXPLOSION STRIKE BOSTON MARATHON BOSTON EXPLOSION

@highlight

3 bombs just went off in Boston , 2 Explosions at the finish line of a marathon

@highlight

Boston Marathon : The reports 2 dead, 23 injured, 20-year-old Saudi Arabian national being held suspect

@highlight

The marathon runners running straight through to donate blood at Mass General