The NBA has announced that tomorrow's game between the Pacers Boston Celtics at TD Garden has been canceled

The explosions in Boston with victims ages 3-62, latest from Boston 3 dead, 130 injured in Boston Marathon.

8 years old boy died in Boston Bombing 

At the marathon finish line, two bombs exploded and the third was blown up by the police.

And Fox News puts this idiot on TV -- Erik Rush: Kill All Muslims in Response to Boston Marathon Attack  Watch

Why It Is Obvious That The Boston Marathon Attack Is Islamic Terrorism

#Boston #BostonHELP I dont but will tweet if I find also keep checking

Please beware of this fake Boston Marathon tweet 1/2:

The latest on the Boston Marathon explosions now on Hear from Minnesotans who were there when tragedy struck.

heard some people's first response to hearing about #Boston bombs was to call their broker with instructions. #differentworldtomine

Spoke to two people at the grocery store who had no idea anything happened in Boston.

3 killed, more than 140 injured in Boston Marathon bombing

Boston Marathon: Deadly blasts shadow Desisa, Jeptoo victories

Child among 3 killed in Boston bombings - Apr 15 PM ET

Left-handedness is often associated with evil and sinister beings -- The Boston Strangler, Jack the Ripper, and Osama

Police have left the apartment in Revere, per the Boston Globe:

Muslims praise Boston Marathon terrorist bombing. Shame!

RIP the three people who lost their lives in Boston..hoping the doctors can save those in critical condition. My condolences for the losses.

Will we hear the Truth on the Boston attack or will it be kept from us like #Benghazi    #tcot

Boston you welcomed my immigrant Grandparents.They rest within your soil.I love exploring your beautiful streets U welcome

RT It's April 15. See all those police, firefighters, EMTs helping people in Boston? This is why we pay tax

RT What happened in Boston happens everyday in my city killing a dozen. That too by CIA paid terrorists. #Pakistan

I may not like Boston but you never attack innocent civilians. Fuck the people who are responsible for what happened today. #OPBoston

if boston is a terrorist act, how is sandy hook not a terrorist act?

I just have to say this.  The Brother so conscious he didn't even pay attention to that Illusions in Boston and Won his Race LMAO

Some marathon runners are stranded in Boston and in need of places to stay. Find out how you can offer housing

Dear Boston: We 3 you. And we'll say it in lights thanks to the #OccupyWallStreet 3 3 3

WCVB: Police are urging people in Boston to stay at home, avoid large crowds -

Beautiful message to Boston projected on the side of the BAM:

A Runner Describes The Scene: Co-host Robert Siegel talks to NPR's Peter Sagal, who ran in the Boston Marathon

Tonight, we all have Boston's back. #WeAreBoston

Newtown couple shocked again at Boston Marathon: After the school shooting in their hometown, a couple looked

Photo: Trash can, business heavily damaged following bomb blast in Boston (AP) -

The pursuit of liberty is a marathon: Nothing will be quite the same in Boston or in America after  #tcot #tgdn

Smooth's Starting Five was pushed to tomorrow because of the tragedy in Boston. It will run in the morning at

POP QUIZ! What story will get the most TV coverage? A. Arizona Shooting B. Colorado Shooting C. Sandy Hook D. Boston Marathon E. Benghazi

BREAKING NEWS:  Police searching apartment in Revere, MA - Possibly linked to the Boston Marathon Bombings#PrayForB

#Boston Marathon bombing brings out liberal DOUCHE-baggery

Just saw pictures if what happened today in Boston I'm speechless..

Y! Sports' details the remarkable outpouring of support from Boston residents for marathon bomb victims

Good stuff from Boston boy: Keith Yandle  Cool picture of Keith's skates

Photoset: woahitsbecky: usatodaysports: Examples of overwhelming kindness following the Boston Marathon

Boston Officials Allegedly Shut Down Mobile Service In Boston 2 Prevent Remote Detonation Update Or Not

The tennis academy and halfway house in Infinite Jest are located in suburban Boston. #BostonPopCulture

Prays for all those killed or injured in Boston today.

alright i'm going to sleep now. praying a lot for boston

Appreciation  respect 2 #FirstResponders in #Boston who rushed 2 danger 2 save lives, treat wounded, comfort mourning,  protect innocent.

Our thoughts are with all those affected by the tragic news this week from #Iraq #Syria and #Boston.

DTN USA: Timeline: Tragedy at the Boston Marathon: Two deadly bomb blasts, seconds apart, turned the 117th Bos

Fact that doctors keep reiterating they're used to dealing w/ this level of trauma is a reminder that Boston is a worl

So sorry to see what happened in Boston today. My thoughts and prayers with everyone who was affected.

It's great to see that in times of tragedy like the Boston Marathon bombing, we as Americans can all come together and

New AVI Spread the support for Boston

'Terror' word debated in Boston blasts: President Barack Obama did not refer to the blasts in Boston as   p #P2

Bruce Schneier with sanity about Boston: grieve and support, but refuse to be 'terrorized'

Boston Marathon blasts: Major US cities on alert

Bill Iffrig, The Man Knocked Down By Blast In Boston, Discusses Fi  #billiffrig #BostonMarathon #news #Running #s

What happened in Boston is so heart breaking 3

My thoughts are with the people of Boston and all those affected.

#Bombs Took all day 4 Officials 2 Admit their were BOMBS Deadly bombs rock Boston marathon -  TerrorAttck

Unless you have loved ones in Boston, best thing to do now is take a break, or better a walk, and wait for actual news

many healthy  injured out-of-town runners will be stranded in Boston.

Boston Marathon explosion: On cable, the same footage, best behavior  via

Praying for #Boston. RIP to an 8 yr old boy + 2others  #GetGlue

No easy answers. David Malet with a personal account of the Boston Marathon bombings.

So Boston had a bombing today. My deepest prayers for all the ones who got hurt .x

#OSINT #Boston Analysis 1: First news were on #SocialMedia 15 minutes before #TV channels after #BostonMarathon bombi

Shocked by the terrible news from the Boston Marathon.  BBC News - Boston Marathon rocked by twin explosions

Soon as I get the chance, I am going to buy and wear a Boston Red Sox ball cap. As a diehard Yankees fan, that's a l

Apparently the last mile of the Boston Marathon was dedicated to the Newton (Sandy Hook) families

Children should be reassured. So should friends  family in Boston. But most of us should be thinking about how we might stop this next time

While my full sympathies for those that're injured  those that were killed at Boston, the point is we in India have s

A virtual flagpole has been erected. Boston Pels, please report and state your name and safety or needs. #pelsreportt

You know what you're thinking about Boston attack! #kjrs #tcot #tlot #teaparty

Nat Shupe Done with the news  social media for the day..  Prayers are with all in Boston after this horrific terrorist attack.

Thanks for sharing, Julie. If you love Boston, you'll love this as well:

My #prayers are with the victims, their families,  the 1st responders at the scene of the #Boston #Marathon

Our thoughts are with everyone in Boston tonight. We send our love to everyone affected by today's terrible events.

I'm so upset about what happened in Boston. I have no time for hateful Supernatural fans. Take it somewhere else for another time.

do what you can about it. We can't all flood into Boston, what the hell are people supposed to do? Some people are truly in

A real tragedy in Boston today. What is the world coming to?

my heart hurts for all the sweet people injured in Boston today, and all I can do is pray and pray and pray and pray and

What people don't understand and are making jokes about Boston, is that it could've been YOU. you wouldn't want people joking if was right?

MT CBS: Saudi man in custody was tackled by bystanders at Boston Marathon  #auspol

Praying for the victims in Boston. So so sad

The place where you receive an education becomes sacred.There are multitudes in India who studied in Boston.We stand

#prayforboston   the US shouldn't do anymore drone bombings.  Same same same.

Phoenix Coyotes defenseman  Boston native Keith Yandle's skates tonight, via #PrayForBoston

NEW: Video shows runner's perspective of first explosion at Boston Marathon -  ht:

When I went to bed last night we knew very little about what was happening in Boston. Are there any new developments since? #prayforboston

PM expresses condolences for Boston attack | SBS World News

Boston wasn't bombed by some weak ass Koreans, they were bombed by some clever Americans.

I'm Shipping Up To Boston - Dropkick Murphys #prayersforboston

So many people maimed, with injuries so gruesome, they looked like victims of war. Seriously. #BAAMarathon #Boston #Marathon #PrayforBoston

I have many. You can :). I obviously have many Boston ones. The official marathon colors are blue  yellow, too.

DHS, FBI, Boston PD, etc. are all doing exactly what any proper professional terrorist wants: clamping down, focusing on certain things.

i'm from boston and that really meant a lot thank you.3

What are the Sandy Hook leftwing Ambulance chasers saying caused boston Terror? A gun? #obama #tcot #nra

Let's all keep Boston in our prayers tonight.

Let's be honest, The #Habs knew the city of Boston needed a pick me up and have it to them.

Eyewitnesses reveal horror of aftermath of Boston Marathon bomb blasts

Muslims have no intention on killing people WE DID NOT PLAN THE BOMBING IN BOSTON Muslims aren't terrorists! Terrorists claim theyre muslims

Terrorism? Close enough. Pentagon command center kept Hagel, Dempsey updated during Boston bombing | The E-Ring

cell phone service was shut down today in Boston, to prevent any cell phone bomb detonation #America

@highlight

The NBA has announced that tomorrow's game between the Pacers Boston Celtics at TD Garden has been canceled

@highlight

The explosions in Boston with victims ages 3-62, latest from Boston 3 dead, 130 injured in Boston Marathon.

@highlight

8 years old boy died in Boston Bombing 

@highlight

At the marathon finish line, two bombs exploded and the third was blown up by the Authorities.

@highlight

Business heavily damaged following bomb blast in Boston

@highlight

Authorities Detain Saudi National as Suspect in Boston Bombing