3 bombs just went off in Boston , 2 Explosions at the finish line of a marathon

Boston Marathon : The reports 2 dead, 23 injured, 20-year-old Saudi Arabian national being held suspect

The marathon runners running straight through to donate blood at Mass General

Sad, sad news. My thoughts and prayers go out to Boston

Michael Moore on Boston Bombings: 'Tax Day. Patriots Day.'

Boston Globe's John Tlumacki took the shot of marathon runner Bill Iffrig; here's the backstory and more from him http

my heart goes out to boston and everywhere

AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka Statement on the Explosions in Boston

My thoughts go out to anyone affected in Boston! Terrible news

Saudi nat'l being Q'd w/ shrapnel wounds in Boston terror attack.

Verizon, Sprint, ATT Report Heavy Cellular Traffic in Boston, No Shutdowns - Apr 15 PM ET

Bomb Sniffing Dogs Reportedly On Site Before Explosions At Boston Marathon  via Corey Mann

Was this terrorist attack in Boston done 2 keep the focus off of #Gosnell trial? #tcot

My heart goes out to you at what you had to witness today. Thank you for your great work reporting the horror. #Boston

Rt If u have information on the terror attack, police ask that u call #Boston Bombs Tipline: 1-800-494-TIPS

BREAKING -- Death toll from Boston bombings rises to 3

Boston Marathon Explosion [Live Stream]

On air now: Boston Marathon coverage with and

FBI won't confirm number of explosives found in Boston.

S/O to the police, medics, and firemen in Boston. #Heroes

Latest from Boston - 3 dead, 130 injured. The latest update at 9 after #thefollowing #hounews #fox26forlife

Here's one of the more surreal Boston photos. Police stopping runners a half-mile from the finish. They had no clue.

Even here, it feels weird tweeting about other things - Toronto dominated by talk of Boston. Sorry to all of you there.

Local runners have finished marathon - The Gillette News Record

The explosions in Boston with victims ages 3-62, a harsh reminder to try to live each day to the fullest  never w

Cool story amidst Boston's tragedy

How many politicians ran to aid the victims in Boston today? Yet, they call union members (police, fire)who risk the

One Boston photographer's eyewitness account: 'My eyes were swelling up behind my camera.' |  (via

Carlos is on every channel talking about all the people he saved today, holding his bloody flag. That's a Boston occupier right there.

the #GoogleDoc w/info from #Boston Samaritans 4 stranded #bostonmarathon runners is down!

DailyDirt: Helping People In Boston: Apparently, the last mile of the Boston Marathon was dedicated to the New

US Navy sends bomb team to Boston to help with explosion investigation.

I keep reading prayer after prayer about the bombings at the Boston marathon. Never thought I would  #pray #prayer

Today's a #reminder that #Obama began his career in the home of #bomber  domestic terrorist Bill Ayers. #Boston

if that is iraq,it puts things in perspective.taking nothing away from the tragedy in boston,the mid. east is bos x 100 ev day.

Boston Bruins the best. Greetings from Greece.

Number of Hate Groups At All-Time High  #Boston #p2

Keep checking our live page for latest on #Boston #Marathon explosions - text, video  pics

best live updates on the web for boston

OK guys lets get something straight here Zayn is NOT the one who BOMBED Boston guys you really need to GROW UP

ICYMI: Tonight's incredible performance of the national anthem following the tragedy in Boston --

Quick tweet, 2 say I won't tweet about Boston at all today. Too close to Ottawa, and too scary. Saw it in a dream yet didn't believe. Horror

Boston Marathon Bombings Already Being Blamed on Anti-tax Group or Tea Party:  Here we go again. It didn't take

South Korean media full of Boston bombing stories, press here in Tokyo a mix of local news, North Korean crisis and boston

Boston Marathon locked down after two blasts heard near finish line #breaking

Fox News Contributor Responds to Boston Marathon Explosions: Kill All Muslims  via

that doesnt mean that every person there knows the feeling. boston is no more or less full of sheep than any other city

its not scattered info. the military is all over boston helping.

Ask yourself: Why are we paying for a large national security state that can't prevent/detect events like those in Boston today?

Disgraceful Lowlife Leftist NBCReporter speculates on Waco link to Boston bombing

WSJ reporter ran in the Boston Marathon today. Her account of what happened at the finish line:

I don't live near Boston or even in American but I'm scared out of my mind.

Woke up to the dreadful news of the Boston Marathon :( So sad.

Even when the world seems dark and full of despair, love will overcome. My thoughts and prayers go out to those in Boston.

Bombs kill 2 people, wound dozens at Boston Marathon -

Talking about the Boston marathon explosions?

Our thoughts go out to everyone affected by the attack in Boston this afternoon.

Funded by O no doubt.  BOSTON: TERROR ATTACK - CBS CONFIRMS A SAUDI NATIONAL IS BEING (cont)

Tucson KVOA: President Obama vows to find whoever is responsible for Boston marathon explosions

Wear Purple Tomorrow For The Boston Tragedy!!

NBA cancels tomorrow's celtics game in Boston

will we soon know more of what happened in Boston than we know of what happened in #Benghazi ?

WELP, just saw my first conspiracy theory on the Boston explosions. That didn't take too long to happen. It's been what, 4 hours?

We would like to offer prayers for all those affected by the terrorist attack in Boston. #PrayersForBoston

#prayforboston Joe Casella, 8 years old, murdered in Boston. I know you're an angel now, like always you are. RIP.

#Boston - latest. 2 bombs exploded. A 3rd pkg was blown up by auth's. As many as 3 other possible devices being investigated

Fans, players react to news of Boston explosionsSent with  At Bat -- !!

IRS Gives Boston-area Taxpayers Additional Time to File Returns

Some of you bitches arent even praying for Boston yet you've uploaded like 5 pictures telling people to do it

We can't allow events like Boston today to become new normal for US. We are better than this or spreading hate and misinformation. #peace

Think about the IRONY of blaming TEA PARTY for BOSTON bombing

U.S. will hold accountable whoever carried out Boston explosions: Obama

The NBA has announced that tomorrow's game between the Pacers  Boston Celtics at TD Garden has been canceled and will n

May the peace of Christ be with all who have been touched by the terror in Boston.

people around the world are probably laughing at the boston bombings considering what's happening in their country.

8-Year-Old Boy One Of The Dead In Boston Bombing  #p2

Now let us focus on how we can help those in #Boston. You can take this opportunity and be the IMPACT survivors need.

So there is a Saudi suspect 4 #Boston #Marathon explosions!!! Sigh! We saw that coming.

Boston Celtics game against the Indiana Pacers has been cancelled tomorrow night and will not be rescheduled. #prayer

Cowards: This is BOSTON. We fight injustice, promote enlightenment, and celebrate athletic achievement. You changed no

Pacers vs Celtics game in Boston tomorrow has been canceled. And will not be rescheduled. #PrayforBoston

April 15 is a horrible day. Liverpool  Boston are forever bonded by this date. I hate the people that make me hate t

UPDATE: 8-Year-Old Child Among Two People Killed In Boston Marathon Explosions. At Least 98 Hurt:

Boston PD will hold a news conference at 7:30 p.m. CT on the marathon explosions. You can watch live here:

Im really trying to take my mind off boston but i just cantIm so tired of the human race

Feds questioning Saudi in connection with Boston terror bombing:

I am truly sadden by todays events of hateful ppl in world,innocent souls we lost todayGodBless Boston

[CBSNewsOnline] First Boston marathon explosion caught on tape

Thoughts and prayers to the victims in today's bombings in Boston. Yet another unimaginable tragedy.

My heart and prayers are with everyone in Boston today. Such senseless violence. #PrayForBoston

The Prime Minister's statement on the Boston Marathon.  TeamJG

awh i just saw the most fucked up picture of one of the boston marathon victims with his leg blown off. ergeh..

christians on my FB saying they want to bomb someone for the Boston thing. they dont even know who they want to kill but they are sure. #sad

Boston PD says at least 3 people have died from Boston Marathon explosions

Just catching up on the Boston news. Terrible.

LIVE now on Al Jazeera, Kimberly Halkett in Washington DC, talking increased security around White House after Boston Marathon explosions.

Protect your self today!! Benefits are good for situations like the Boston Marathon

Security beefed up worldwide after Boston Marathon blasts:  -CC

#BREAKING: Explosions rock Boston Marathon, resulting in multiple injuries

DID SOME ASSHOLE REPORTER JUST ASK IF #BOSTON EXPLOSIONS ARE A #FALSEFLAG ATTACK TO COMPROMISE OUR CIVIL LIBERTIES?!??

doin okhard to stop thinking about Boston :-/

JUST IN: The FBI has now taken over the Boston Marathon bombing investigation. LIVE:

FBI says taking lead in investigation into Boston Marathon explosions #breaking

@highlight

The NBA has announced that tomorrow's game between the Pacers Boston Celtics at TD Garden has been canceled

@highlight

The explosions in Boston with victims ages 3-62, latest from Boston 3 dead, 130 injured in Boston Marathon.

@highlight

20-year-old Saudi Arabian national being held suspect

@highlight

8 years old boy died in Boston Bombing 

@highlight

At the marathon finish line, two bombs exploded and the third was blown up by the police.