Hurricane Sandy lashes Bahamas with wind and rain.

Hurricane Sandy is churning up the waves! Expect peak wind gusts in excess of 50 mph on shore.

Airlines cancel 7000 flights, 50m Americans to be affected, and public transportation systems are stoped.

Hurricane Sandy is some 485 miles south-southeast of New York City packing winds of 75 mph.

At least five million people are without power across the eastern US as a result of storm.

Latest U.S.: 18 people deaths and 7.4 million without power.

KWQC-TV: Do you know anyone headed to the east coast to help with the Hurricane Sandy aft

I am thankful that our house had no damage from #Sandy! #got2bthankful

#PolitcalProfiteerRomney behavior UNCONSCIONABLE:Politicizing deaths in Libya + now Sandy victims.Canned goods 4 victims=Ho

#Sandy did my city crazy last night I hope she ain't disrespect th #VampireStateBuildin I got work to do

R Power out from Sandy? Need help? Obama tells people to go to the Internet for assistance. Seriously: htt

Prof. Pielke Jr. on damage estimates: 'The current estimates of $20 billion would place Sandy  #Auspol #CarbonTAX

#Sandy cut #NYC #NJ #CT to the bone with water, wind and fire; Next cut: sun will set in 3 hrs, ppl w/out power will nearly freeze tonight.

#URGHARO: query-2kg seeking celebrity publicists, managers and agents with info on clients helping out in wake of Sandy.

Special Hurricane Sandy Edition - CelebrityFind ReView

To those twitter colleagues in NY and other areas affected by #Sandy, stay safe. Thoughts are with you.

Hurricane Sandy Disaster Relief Efforts -

They say karma is a bitch !! I hope #america got wat it meant as Hurricane Sandy unleashes on the east coast !

Whether it be the sun or a hurricane, watching the world end would be insane. And if I'm dying I'm doing it blowed as f

Romney Collects Food for Sandy Victims ~ Video

President Obama Talks iPod on Radio as Hurricane Hits: As Hurricane Sandy barreled toward the Mid-Atlantic this

As a long-time New Yorker, troubling takeaway from Sandy is how easily this city can get shut down, no communication, power, food, water

Everyone'll think it's funny to go as #Sandy tomorrow. Either be more creative or at least go as the damaged part you live in. #Halloween

Storm #sandy has taken its toll! NYC cancels official Halloween Parade, unofficial gay holiday!

He is the Best. i hope you  are doing well after the Hurricane mr.s cord.

I hope you survived the hurricane and no damage was done to you or your place.

Here's a satellite view of Hurricane #Sandy in the moonlight of early yesterday morning:

Sandy, God's Oct Surprise for baby killer American hating Muslim O!  Prophetic image? http

RT Who knew Sandy could be trumped by news of a Mouse taking over a Sith?

I am lucky lucky lucky that not much went down but the inability to get much done thanks to wires/connections is frustrating #SANDY

Sandy has turned the elephant in the room into a stampede of elephants. Politicians who ignore may be crushed. #auspol #debates

Romney is awful, but who are the people advising him to collect groceries the Red Cross doesn't want and not tweet during Sandy?

JWoww's tears as Sunset Heights is destroyed by Superstorm Sandy  via

Heckuva job Brownie criticizes Obama's response to #Sandy:  ht

It was best to admit this in while everyone is still distracted by Sandy. Otherwise it could get ugly.

Mayor: Today we were in touch with business leaders in all five boroughs, and we're working to help them get business back to normal. #Sandy

Hurricane Sandy Relief. Would you like to help?

Plz flw Canceled Premieres amp; Film Permits: How Hurricane Sandy Is Affecting  #AnnaKarenina

WATCH LIVE: For those without power or not near a TV, #NBCNightlyNews is streaming tonight  #Sandy

Hundreds, and hundreds, of union thugs are roaming the post-Sandy streets. They are fire and policemen working to keep people safe.

Hundreds, and hundreds, of union thugs are roaming the post-Sandy streets. They are fire and policemen working to keep

#tcot The gall !!!  Obama on Hurricane: 'We Leave Nobody Behind'  via

Somebody inform we may need some horses and bayonets to help victims of #Sandy

RT The more I watch the news, the more blessed I feel. #Sandy

high paw 4 #sandy first responders!  if only ourselves could tweet good noms + drinks 4 everybuddy out there.

hurricane sandy is a rumor! im looking outside in california and there r no trees on the street and no rain or floods.

Obama on Hurricane: 'We Leave Nobody Behind'  viaAudacity of BO is astronomical #Benghazi #StandDown

I bet David Stern feels dumb af really hurricane Katrina? #Smh he's tooo damn old.

Sandy dumps so much snow in West Virginia that even the ski operators are complaining

Not gonna lie, is the best thing about a Hurricane in Philly.

Special coverage of #sandy continues at 8pm on air with John Hockenberry. More updates on the web

Obama on #Sandy victims: we leave nobody behind. Could have fooled us Mr. President. #Benghazi #7hoursofhell

Ive been driving for a half hour already and i havent seen a single light. Hurricane Sandy caused A LOT of damage.

UPDATED: Romney Donating Sandy Supplies To GOP Swing States -- Not NY or NJ.

My little brother, 22 y/o and industrious staff member, has no power d/t #sandy but is putting in a 14 hour day today regardless.

Electricity back on with TV and Internet! Prayers and thoughts for those still without in the wake of #sandy.

Whew! Relieved to hear. Devastated by dire effects of storm on so many.rt all is well here! #dodgedbullet #sandy

#WeLoveLA Hurricane Sandy Hits Trojan Family - University of Southern California Official Athletic  #SportsRoadhouse

Saving 1.4 million websites from #Sandy, one water bottle at a time ~ just another reason why kicks ass

I hear it have a Hurricane Brandon in my bedroom.

Update: 50 Reported Deaths So Far As A Result of Hurricane #Sandy

PS: my mom's name is Sandy, so I imagined it was my mom blowing thru ppl's houses telling them to put on some lipstick. It wasn't like that.

Thoughts  prayers for folks in NY  NJ suffering in the wake of Hurricane Sandy. Please don't let the election ov

Need night volunteers at the Park Slope Armory YMCA Shelter. Tons of displaced nursing home folks here. Let me know if you can help. #sandy

58 people died in the floods of Canvey Island in 1953, of a then population of around 13,000. #Sandy #NYC Pop: 8 - 9M #crisis

While Obama was trying to help with #Sandy relief, Romney was collecting cans in Ohio that the Red Cross said they didn't

IF any Americans change their vote b/c of #Sandy then you were as unpredictable as the storm itself#BENGHAZI #Unemployment #DEBT #GODless

In conclusion: a post-Sandy America is better than a normal Libya.

Hurricane Sandy showed the dark side of social media: rumors and hype:

Monday mornings are the worst hurricane of them all.

So did the Mayan's predict hurricane sandy??

#NEWJERSY has become old worn  torn Jersy by curtsey of merciless  ruthless Hurricaine #sandy

Seeing the devastation of #Sandy on news and my thoughts and prayers go out to all the people affected by this

We are with #GeoTv and Pakistan media in this sad moment of #Sandy cz their funds will b late..

Spare a thought for the poor people of Delaware, for even when hurricane Sandy has passed they will still be in Delaware.

Morris County power live blog - tell us what you're seeing after Hurricane Sandy

Richmond thanks 4 the shelter from the hurricane but I want out now 2get closer to the who

What you need to know about #Sandy scams

The Nation News - Superstorm sandy has killed 'at least 33'

Pretty sure my next technology investment will be 2 tin cans  ball of string. #sandy

Sandy Cuts Wide Swath of Damage A horrible disaster !

talking about the effects of #Sandy on is so raw , emotional and real.

Post #Sandy, 1 in 4 mobile network sites have been knocked out in 10 states:  A review of how it affects your service.

Here's The Most Dramatic Video Of The Con Ed Substation Explosion (So Far)  #Sandy

the pump was in the basement which was flooded by sandy

Video: AP  - Raw: After Sandy, New Yorkers Head Back to Work: Two days after superstorm Sandy brought New York t

A warm dry home with power and Internet for and . #sandy

I think both candidates thought Sandy would be worse than it was here in MA!

But y'all just had a hurricane. Surely they understand that making it to work is REALLY difficult today.

NYC Preppers? Real hurricane vs imaginry appoc! :-)

[VIDEO] Spoof on Bloomberg's Hurricane #Sandy updates. Much love to the animated Lydia Callis.  via

Social-media users flock to Facebook, Twitter for Hurricane #Sandy news |

Is Your Vote Safe? The Hazards of Computerized Voting: Hurricane Sandy has introduced significant uncertainty in

Am above 42nd, hence the reception. is completely dead in th East Village #FML #nyc #Sandy

Vivid, tragic fotos: Superstorm Sandy Hits East Coast  via cc

Victory for Mitt using Frankenstorm Sandy as a political tool instead of helping those impacted by it. Pfft.

Cast of 'Jersey Shore' comments on Hurricane Sandy's impact: Some cast members from the 'Jersey Shore'  #education

Monday saw huge increases to  with 300 million page views   #Sandy

Our soldiers doesn't hide our politicians doIn the Face of Hurricane Sandy, Solid at Tomb of the Unkn:  via

Great to hear my good friend Sally is ok after #Sandy and that is coming to visit her in New Jersey!

George Bush's Heck-of-a-Job Brownie says Obama Responded to #Sandy TOO QUICKLY:   #Obama2012 #YVote #P2 via

warm thoughts, tight hugs and love to you and all affected by #Sandy. 3

UPDATED SCHEDULE for Gov today (times approx.): 2:15 in #breezy pt, 3:30 in Long Beach, 4:15 in Lindenhurst #Sandy

Gov regarding FEMA  Hurricane #Sandy stating that state  county are the better solution will build up credentials

Oliver Stone: Hurricane Sandy 'Punishment' For Obama, Romney Neglecting Climate Change Discussion

Mayor Bloomberg giving update on getting city up and running after sandy.

@highlight

Hurricane Sandy lashes Bahamas with wind and rain.

@highlight

Hurricane Sandy is churning up the waves! Expect peak wind gusts in excess of 50 mph on shore.

@highlight

Airlines cancel 7000 flights, 50m Americans to be affected, and public transportation systems are stoped.

@highlight

Hurricane Sandy is some 485 miles south-southeast of New York City packing winds of 75 mph.

@highlight

At least five million people are without power across the eastern US as a result of storm.

@highlight

Latest U.S.: 18 people deaths and 7.4 million without power.