New York's Republican Mayor Bloomberg endorses President Obama for re-election.

Reports--8 States Will Decide! Daily Presidential Tracking Poll: Romney 49%, Obama 48%

Obama and Clinton at Saturday night rally in Virginia

Latest Angus Reid Wisconsin State Poll has Obama at 53 % and Romney at 46 %

A tie for Obama and Romney in first results.

Here's Tomorrow's New York Times Front Page Announcing Obama's Win

And Obama and Clinton only Democrats elected twice since FDR.

Lol I'm peeing on mitt ROMNEY as we speak

Going to bed happy. Goodnight, all. Congrats to Obama/Biden on 4 more years! God bless you all, and God bless America!

Got my whip on the same day #Obama got re-elected. #Yessir

America has obama, and Australia have a lady who can't even walk in heels without falling flat on her face.

Healthy that Obama seems to have won popular vote. Disarms what would otherwise have been a weapon for GOP to delegitimise, add to gridlock.

Mark my words: The Obama presidency will be hailed as equally or more transformative as those of FDR, LBJ, Kennedy a

RT if you dont live in USA but you are happy that Obama won

Dear America, regardless of who wins, one thinks we all agree it shouldn't be Mitt Romney.

Romney wasn't JUST campaigning against Obama-he was being hammered constantly by all of the MSM who would adversely spin

Aur Phas gaye Obama, dobara.

#ImSickOf seeing Obama and Romney all over my timeline.

Obama re-elected after sweeping swing states -

Nate you should be getting laid right now, not tweeting.. congrats . Not a Big Win for Obama, but a Broad One

That combination is like mitt Romney vs obama

Can we have Obama for primeminister pls

A white guy in the voting line was like he's scared of what blacks might do if Obama loses I said shiiiit me tooThese

They was Out 2 HANG Our PRESIDENT YallFUCK ROMNEY n WHOEVER FUX wit'em..If u Hope we Didnt Make it #FuckU..

If Mitt Romney wins it just proves how stupid America really is  #300

Just watched Obama's speech. Cried. Proud.

hooray! my power is back on;obama has succeeded;now let's get back to work and make things better,really better

Flag hair lady steals Obama's spotlight

You're talking about Obama winning, right?

possibly. Not sure. Obama didn't win it in 2008.

No offence,congs for Obama but the way Ugandans are overly hyped about his win as if he's their president.relax!!

#Obama Had a class victory speech from what I seen on the news.

just an extension of the celebrity culture IMO. Obama is another celebrity to a lot of people.

I bet Obama is still puttin in work.

Breaking: FOX News: Romney has won the election and has already fixed the economy.#CNNelection #ElectionDay2012

OBAMA will bankrupt our country, Hes already doing what Greece has done , in 4 years he added the same amount of debt than Bush in 8 years.

New blog posting, President Obama: Election Day is Almost Over So Get Out There and Vote -

And for those who think that Obama is left wing; he's not, Obama is about as left wing as David Cameron!

Elections say pehlay romney ki chamchon ka mulk aur ab najoomiyon ka land of pure Pakistan! Now barack HUSSAIN Obama co. Pvt ltd.

[CBSNewsOnline] Former GOP pollster on where Romney failed, future of the party

Is it too late for Mit Romney to join the I'm a Celebrity team in the jungle?

Dear #Obama, you won. Now get the fuck, off my TL

To everyone making a joke out of Romney's loss.. You will be the ones who end up on welfare. #goodluck

congrats to you! For, you know, Obama, etc. but mostly your hot dog.

The IQ levels of Mitt Romney and Barack Obama were similar, but see how they used it.

Stars support Obama's victory: A host of Hollywood stars, including Eva Longoria, Zoe Saldana and Olivia Wilde, all

THE CELEBRATION WE JUST HAD FOR OBAMA

Obama needs to remain president in my eyes! #personalopinion

Now I can sleep good knowing that OBAMA is our president again.

The Taoiseach and the opposition have sent their congratulations to Barack Obama, follow our liveblog for the latest

Romney still could have attacked Obama. Everyone in Ohio is not an auto worker who got bailout. Resentment cuts both ways.

Obama Got 4 More Years This Race Is Over!!

World News: David Cameron congratulates Obama: Prime Minister David Cameron has sent his congratulations to Bara

China is probably pissed that Obama won. LOOKS LIKE WERE STILL GUNNA B BORROWING MONEY FROM CHINA!!!!!!!!!

If Romney Win, Im Going To School Dressed In A Tank Top And Gym Shorts Ready To Fight The First Bitch Who LOOK Like T

I think that Obama  crew will wish to hell they'd left him in congress.Pretty

OBAMA, OBAMA,  OBAMA,  OBAMA, OBAMA,  OBAMA,  OSAMA o/,  OBAMA,  OBAMA,  OBAMA,  OBAMA,  OBAMA,  OBAMA,  OBAMA,  OBAMA,  OBAMA,  OBAMA!

Obama won last night or nah?

Obama or Romney idk, but I do know that tomorrow is Wednesday, and on Wednesdays, we wear pink.

Poignant.  I am confident in saying that President Obama is going to carry the state of Florida tonight. h

Obama Wins Reelection Celebrities Explode on twttr  #TirelessObama

#SoHappy4MoreYears :) i waz gonna move if Obama lost now i dont have to :) #GreatJobObama! 3

George Bush Accidently Votes For Obama  #win pqp LOL (via

Except Obama like we had to except bush

Legally speaking, did Romney lose the election in Arizona a week ago?

Video US President Barack Obama Speaks at FEMA Headquarters Hurricane Sandy The White House:

The Nation has spoken.Obama has been reelected.Would you stop taking pot shots at obama+be more constructive.You have lost Joe.

Great article on parallels between Obama and a dictator: Him

I am  was 100% Romney supporter, Patriots, but I am thinking his advisers did not let him be the tough Romney on Li

romney gonna be mad as fuck at his own state! lmaooo

Good Morning, America! We are living in an #Obama Nation! #Election2012 #Obama2012

romney wears 1d uggs to sleep. Pass it on.

Shh!  Shh!  Did U know #OBAMA was black?  Did U also know some ppl afraid 2 blame him because he's BLAAACK.  Oh, the horror!

I'm actually in a good mood! I mean Obama won,I'm got my outfit for the concert and I'm getting my phone today! YAY!

ASFOPBFUOFFJHGGG OBAMA WON I KNEW IT LOL. WOOOOOOOOOO

Obama/Jarrett will be on full throttle now to complete their plan to destroy America from within. Going great. USSA

I will literally never hear the end of this election, and only from ignorant people who had no actual reason for wanting Obama.

Why Did Obama Win? 3 Perspectives: Before I call it a night -- and a hugely disappointing one at  via

Punch News - Obama thanks Americans for re-election

idk if she's anti Obama. But she didn't vote for him.

#election2012 Congrats to #Obama The freedom to vote is rocking  | The country has spoken!!

Obama won Romney home state . That's a shame his own state don't wont him

obama won and mom and dad are fighting

Despite predictions otherwise, youth support for Obama rose this election

Seniors who voted for Obama know not what they do. Wait until Obamacare kicks in.

I refused to believe that of Black ppl. Now I know it's true. Blacks need a sugar daddy and Obama is it.

you support obama!? i thought were on republican side

Ach Romney you have to say that. Whatcha really think?

Obama, fresh from re-election, has little time to savor win -

So the Iraq War is over just because Obama said so?Bullshit. If Iraq wanted to bomb the US again, they'd do it without the OK from him.

Obama won the popular vote too, by a large margin. It just happened well after your bedtime.

As soon as 2008 had voted, #Romney staffers inside the McCain shop put out a raft of lies about Palin.

Of course they can. That's what an exit poll is.  Obama won Catholics. #prochoice

After #Obama win, how civility can come to Washington. OPED:

53 House Members Demand Obama Answer Benghazi Questions

Mormon Church Congratulates President Obama

nor'easter coming. Will likely lose power again. But hallelujah-  we are not looking down that Romney/Ryan road!

The one group, SENIOR CITIZENS, I don't understand, voted for Romney. That is the one group who are old enough to know b

To all the Obama haters u get the Ibaka n the HeBitch dance

Newly-reelected Obama: We know in our hearts that for the United States of America, the best is yet to come.

The Washington Post's campaign tick-tock. Note Obama's Harperesque use of early negative ads to define Romney

- 2 other states did the same thing last nightI was probably happier there than when Obama won

But no arrests made and won't be called a riot. If they were students of color protesting Romney, a different set of outcomes.

Search the #FuckObama hashtag. Yeah after these AM meetings Im setting anti Obama twitter on FIRE

~ Take Off Your Blinders  Read: Obama Administration's Secret Talks with Iran Confirmed | JewishPress

Asian-American voters favored Obama over Romney by almost 50 percentage points, 73% to 26%. Latinos at similar rate.

@highlight

New York's Republican Mayor Bloomberg endorses President Obama for re-election.

@highlight

Reports--8 States Will Decide! Daily Presidential Tracking Poll: Romney 49%, Obama 48%

@highlight

Obama and Clinton at Saturday night rally in Virginia


@highlight

Obama remain president on 4 more years! 

@highlight

Obama and Clinton only Democrats elected twice since FDR.