One Gunman holds hostages inside Sydney cafe.

5 people so far have fled Sydney cafe. Unknown number of hostages still inside.

Police surround cafe. A major police operation was under way Monday morning in Sydney.

ocaipira kerch    RTHAPPY Monday ! Hugs  kisses ! So sad what's going on in Sydney :(

I'm so worried about given what's happening in Sydney  the PM not saying anything#WorriedCanadianTweep

My best thoughts go out to the people of Sydney. Take care. CHEERS

Media Guide to CrimeAboriginal = it's culturalMuslim = it's terrorismChristian = it's mental illness#sydneysiege #MartinPlace #siege

Imagine if BO had responded to #Ferguson in the same manner did over Sydney? Leaders inspire support trust are there for you

I hope everyone is okay in Sydney and nothing bad happens from this hostage situation

some gentleman. Hey there's a coffee shop I think you should go to right away, it's in Sydney and has

The Sydney I love in and never want to leave is very much the #illridewithyou City, not the hatred and bile of Cronulla City.

Five people fled a cafe in Sydney, Australia, where an armed individual was holding an unknown number of hostages

His Muslim brothers are responsible for what is currently happening in Sydney, Australia

INSubcontinent:  Hostages held by 'Islamists' in Sydney c INSubc

No confirmation if Indians among Sydney hostages: Government in touch with consulate on #sydneysiege

How we react to uncontrollable terror events is what defines us as people  I salute the people of Sydney for #illridewithyou

Sydney Siege:  (news as it should be, to the point, without dramatic music making entertainment of others plight)

Look, the situation in Sydney is probably politically motivated, but deny that religion plays a large role in it is gross ignorance.

Sydney siege: Tony Abbott praises police  [Sale  ] #video

Over 6,500 #illridewithyou tweets already - currently 198 Tweets per minute - god love you Sydney

Thx! No wonder Abbott's milking the Sydney siege for all its worth

Police: 'We are being tested today in Sydney'  [Sale  ] #video

Video :ODN - Sydney siege: Police are monitoring social media: Australian police have said they are monitoring

Sydney siege highlights rise of Islamist extremism in Australia

My prayers go out to everyone who's involved in the disaster in Sydney, hope everyone will get out safe!

Indian consulate's helpline in Sydney: Deputy Consul General Vinod Bahade at +61 481 453550. Track latest updates

BREAKING: a sixth hostage has escaped from the Lindt cafe in Sydney #sydneysiege

nahi yaa..watching the Sydney siege.

INFOSYS n media .. Both are equally dumb in this case Infosys confirms its employee among hostages held in Sydney cafe

Sydney siege: Five hostages flee cafe  [Sale  ] #video

#SydneySiege Indian cricketers' security increased in #Brisbane after hostage crisis in Sydney

That thing in Sydney still going on. Wow.

I hope the Sydney situation ends soon with no violence and everyone getting out safely

A female hostage stands by the front entrance of the cafe as she turns the lights off in Sydney. #sydneysiege

Islamic rally in #Sydney. #Shahada flag? check. Islamic head banner? check. genocidal comments? check. #sydneysiege

: I was watching the Chief of Police in Sydney and he even knows the first names of many media staff. Not the case in Hong Kong.

Gunman takes hostages in Sydney cafe, displays flag w/ Arabic script:  #5Things #sydneysiege

Sydney NSW police: Our only priority is the safety of hostages -

Sydney cafe siege analysis  [Sale  ] #video

I bet these guys finish this quicker than the Sydney fiasco!

safe, and just focus on that side of those things that happening with this horrible situation going on in Sydney

Fear returns to streets of summertime Sydney

WHY ARE PEOPLE MAKING JOKES ABOUT ZAYN BEING A TERRORIST IN SYDNEY WHAG THE ACTUAL FUCK IM SO DONE

This world is so messed up first Sydney and now Belgium,people are the ones who are killing each other,does the word 'humanity' even exist?

I have a feeling the act in Sydney may have a snowball effect. Stay sharp out there fellow operators. There's still a fight going on.

the news is that it's an ex service man who changed his religion is involved in the sydney siege!!

SYDNEY Link for tickets.. Goes live in 4 hours

An updated map of the Sydney exclusion zone around the hostage site at Martin Pl. #sydneysiege

any indication that #Sydney crisis could be part of coordinated attacks on other cities? No. #Ghent not seen as related

'Sydney Lindt Cafe hostage takers demand, 5 flee from restaurant, radio dj talks with

Uber backtracks on 'Sydney siege' price hikes by offering free rides, refunds

Several hostages get out of Sydney caf  #NLU

Anti-Islamophobia hashtag #illridewithyou is trending globally as Sydney hostage crisis continues -

Siege in Sydney has now been going on for 13 hours. Hopefully it ends quickly with no violence #sydneysiege Live:

Sydney siege brings Uber criticism  [Sale  ] #news

Gunman holds Sydney cafe hostages  [Sale  ] #news

our pray for Banjarnegara landslide and hope everything back to normal. and our thoughts are with Sydney. hope everybody gets out safely

I'll say it again: One trained patron in Sydney chocolate shop with a concealed weapon may have prevented this. But that's illegal there.

Hostages held inside #Sydney's Lindt cafe, forced to display Islamic flags. Follow live updates:

Sydney crisis: Uber backtracks on price hikes

My thoughts go out to all the hostages and family in the Sydney cafe Hope everyone returns safely home

Anybody know any of the handles of the hostages on Twitter in Sydney? #sydneysiege #PrayForSydney

More on Sydney standoff on forced to raise an Islamic flag in window. Five people manage to escape to freedom.

whats happened in sydney?????? #MTVStars One Direction

Sydney Crisis: Hostages share gunman's demands in chilling phone calls.

Hour 12 of Sydney hostage crisis, live updates on Morning News starting at 4:30am

The taking over of a Swiss owned chocolate retail store in Sydney isstrange. It's certainly not symbolic of a larger struggle.

Sydney siege: Police don't know gunman's motivation: Gunman takes control of cafe in Sydney, seizing an  (USTO)

Thoughts and prayers go out to all those involved and affected in the Sydney Seige xxx

Police say they are in contact with gunman holding hostages in Sydney, Australia  via

#Sydney #police commissioner: 'We have moved to a footingconsistent with a #terrorist event' - Dec 15 AM ET

can someone explain whats going on in sydney

You are in our hearts Sydney we pray you remain safe! #SydneyHostageCrisis

my mom has friends in Sydney I hope they're okay. I hope everyone is okay. This is scary stuff. #PrayForSydneyHostages

we need to look at the big picture and send all our love and prayers to everyone in Sydney. No one deserves this #illridewithyou

Sydney siege: Uber slammed after fares near hostage drama rose by more than 4 TIMES  via

Sydney police commissioner: 'We have moved to a footingconsistent with a terrorist event'  [Sale

Live coverage of the Martin Place siege will continue through the night on The Sydney Morning Herald site here:

WOW YALL MAKE ME SO MAD OK YES I AM 100% CONCERNED ABOUT EVERY OTHER BEING IN SYDNEY BUT I CAN STILL BE WORRIED ABOUT 5SOS OK FUCK YOU GUYS

Sydney siege: Police don't know gunman's motivation: Gunman takes control of cafe i  via

hope everyone involved in the hostage situation in sydney stays safe i wish i could ride over on my kangaroo and somehow help

Im praying for the people in Sydney/Australia and the whole world in general! No one deserves to feel/be treated this way

ALERT! Australian Prime Minister Makes Statement On On-Going Sydney Cafe Attack  #WRH

Watch live as hostages remain trapped inside #SydneyCafe as armed siege continues into night

Australians tweet #illridewithyou to support Muslims fearing an anti-Islam backlash from the Sydney hostage siege

Sydney hostage crisis: 5 people escape cafe; Islamic gunman still holding others - Washington Times

Two more women flee from the #Sydney #LindtChocolateCafe #sydneysiege

US consulate near hostage siege evacuated  #sydneysiege

North East doesn't get reported because it's far off from main cities, editors argue. Guess Sydney is closer to India than Imphal.

i really hope all the people in sydney who are trapped in the cafe get out safely

Good perspective from on overblown hostage situation in Sydney

In the 12 hours everyone has focused on the hostage situation in Sydney 40 more Americans died from gunshots. #gunsense

Gunman holds hostages at cafe in Sydney; five escape via

Hey  The guy in Sydney wants an #ISIS flag why don't you give him yours Oh Wait you still need it

CNN - Five hostages flee from Sydney cafe: Siege at Lindt cafe in Sydney's busy Central Business DistrictGunm

I don't know what to make of the situation in Sydney but I do know that it'll be used to tar all Muslims with the same brush.

Watching the news and hearing about Sydney. Prayers to everyone involved. I hope they get the guy.

Ch 9 reporting alleged Sydney siege gunmen is on bail for offences against his former wife.

5 people have escaped from Sydney cafe in hostage crisis; police won't say how many remain.

Hostage-taker in Sydney cafe siege is Iranian refugee named Haron Monis: Reuters #sydneysiege

I honestly can't believe something like this is happening in Sydney of all places. Aus. Always seemed like a peaceful relatively happy place

5SOS :) aren't :) the :) only :) people :) who :) live :) in :) Sydney :) stop :) being :) so :) selfish :)

Sydney Cafe Siege: Gunman Is Named  via

@highlight

One Gunman holds hostages inside Sydney cafe.

@highlight

a sixth hostage has escaped from the Lindt cafe in Sydney

@highlight

Police surround cafe. A major police operation was under way Monday morning in Sydney.

@highlight

Siege in Sydney has now been going on for 13 hours.

@highlight

Police don't know gunman's motivation.

@highlight

Australian Prime Minister Makes Statement On On-Going Sydney Cafe Attack

@highlight

Hostage-taker in Sydney cafe siege is Iranian refugee named Haron Monis