Don't miss St Patrick's Day celebrations in Trafalgar Square and across London tomorrow.

you must wear green participate in St. Patrick's Day Parade.

El Cajon streets run green for St. Patrick's Day Half Marathon.

Guinness has cancelled its sponsorship of the New York City St Patrick's Day parade today

Heineken also withdraws from NYC St Patrick's sponsorship in support of gay rights.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! So cute!!

so is anyone going to get upset by Guinness pulling its support of the NYC St. Patrick's Day Parade? #morethanasocialissue

The festivity suits you.Nice look for the day

thanks hun. Happy St Patricks Day! 3 xx

[ITAR-TASS Eng] Saint Patrick's Day: People celebrating St.Patrick's Day in this photo gallery by ITAR-TASS

btw Happy St. Patricks Day to all my irish followers ily

KMOV-TV: Good morning! Happy St. Patrick's Day! Today is going to be chilly but dry whic

Mathis on the meaning of St. Patrick for today.

I wish you a Nice Day Richardson Family Richardson Family Happy St. Patricks Day

I wish drinking green beer on St. Patrick's Day wasn't the closest you'll come this year to eating a vegetable.

Weather: expect a wet and windy St. Patrick's Day

I have no idea how to ask in Irish so I'm just gonna ask in English haha please upload a St. Patrick's Day video x :D

oh shit it's st. patricks day and I don't have any green

Happy St. Patrick's Day, my friend! You're the best! Cheers!

Happy St.Patrick's Day to whomever actually cares about it.

Like a good saint, St.Patrick promoted the death of a harmless animal

Idc if there is green on my clothes u DO NOT pinch someone that has green in their eyes that's like rule #1 of st Patricks day

Just got hit in the shamrocks with a lollipop I think the kids in this St Patrick's day parade have the strongest arms in Europe

Insert witty St. Patricks day drinking joke here.

What's St. Patrick's Day like in Ireland? Irish stew, for starters!

Happy St Patty's Day! Erin go bragh! #StPatricksDay

Happy St Patrick's Day to all our Irish followers. Hope you're having great craic!

ABC15: 200+ St. Patrick's DUI arrests statewide  #news

St. Patrick's Day Special: The science of pinching:

There was an earthquake in Los Angeles. I guess St Patrick is displeased!

It's only 10:30am and the majority of St. Patrick's Day revelers here could teach the jar of eggs sitting on the bar a thing or two.

The Allianz Arena in Munich on St.Patrick's day. Incredible. #FCBayern

I think you're the only family I have left to wish Happy St. Patrick's Day to. Hope you have a good one!

Nothing says St. Patrick's Day like a traditional Irish snowfall. I wish that was a cocktail and not a comment on Toronto weather.

Happy St. Patrick's day from our Fighting Irish!

I might like St. Patrick's Day more if it didn't feel like a marketing ploy to sell green beer and leprechaun hats.

#MovieMonday covers a few film ideas for St. Paddy's Day:

I think LA just hijacked St. Patrick's Day. #earthquake

Aye Laddie! The Irish are making our presence known! Erin Go Bragh!! Happy St. Patricks Day Bossman!

St. Patrick's Day morning moon!

Happy St Patrick's Day! Anyone planning a party tonight?

Get your green on with our book-themed St. Patrick's Day Pinterest board!

You too! Happy St. Patricks Day!

Top News: Spectators To Line Fifth Avenue For NYC's St. Patrick's Day Parade Amid Tension - CBS Local

CBN TV - The True Story of St. Patrick  via#tcot #ccot #tlot

For the old-school Ultima computer gamers on St. Patrick's Day: The tragic death of Dupre demands choral tribute

Even on St. Patricks Day the president still refuses to laugh at my jokes.

My St. Patrick's day outfit today will have me dress coded when it gets 80 degrees :(

Church of St Patrick, Llanbadrig, Anglesey Fourteenth-century church said to be founded by St Patric

HAPPY ST.PATRICK'S DAY!! It's going to be a cold day for the parade here.No crowds yet.Be Positive  Stay Safe. #storagewarsny

Huge influx of St. Patrick's Day revelers just joined our train. No comment.

What you don't know about St. Patrick's Day:

New Horizons reports a green beacon on St. Patrick's day! All's well out there on our little bird. #PlutoLives! #StPatricksDay #NASASocial

happy st.patrick day! Its green,the lrish rose,loveyou verymuchxoxowarm lrish hugs for you!!!!

EVERYDAY ON SAINT PATRICK'S DAY ITS RAINING HOLY COW

#tcot #ccot #teaparty #prolife #rednationrising #NRA Good morning fellow conservatives! Happy St. Patrick's Day! Have a Guinness  tonight!

You'll love post on best/fastest St. Paddy's parade in Ireland: Sligo to Grange at 60 mph

i thought st patricks day was on the 24th or something lol

St. Patrick's/Shimmering streamers rising/Lake Ann's mist/#haiku #irish #ozarks

On another note, Happy St. Patrick's Day to all my Irish (and non-Irish :P) followers. Drink, drink and be merry.

Ahhh now I see why Harry pops up when u search St. Patrick's Day.

Today is the day St. Patrick drove the snakes out of Ireland and onto plane. #truefacts #wikipedia

Happy St Patrick's Day! Who all wants to marathon the Leprechaun movies with me?

Happy St. Patrick's Day. Dance a jig. (Ignore those who hate to see God-fearing people have fun.)

Saint Patrick was playing for Ireland. Sorry Zimbabwe Sport: Ireland squeeze to Zimbabwe win

Happy St Patrick's Day, Love to all!

Happy St. Patrick's Day Olivia.  Hope you have a great day.

Last year niggas spent St. Patricks day at WVU. Talk about crazy bruh

ITS ST. PATRICK'S DAY WHY ARENT PHOTOS LIKE THIS SHOWING UP YET

Are we sure Saint Patrick didn't drive livers out of Ireland?

LIVE VIDEO: NYC's St. Patrick's Day Parade is starting now.  Watch --

Happy birthday and Happy St. Patrick's Day Logan

Kate Middleton makes a bold statement in her St. Patrick's Day outfit

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Spotlighting Irish-born actress Angela Greene in a vintage publicity still.

iM happy it's st. patricks day it's my time to shine

Good Morning sweets. Happy St. Patrick's Day! :)

Happy birthday to you St Patrick.s ahahaha

great Andy!!!! #accent #heaven Happy st Patrick's day chum.x

OpEd: St. Patrick Can Kiss My Wild Irish Ass

St. Patrick's Day is a drinking game in itself.

but its st patricks day so its a shamrock-quake

Danica Patrick survives wrecks angry Harvick 2 #finish 18th  #DanicaPatrick #going #PHOTOS

Nearly forgot.Happy St Patrick's day

For St. Patrick's Day parades and celebrations, follow my PARADES list:

[VIDEO] This Grandpa Got More Action on St. Patrick's Day 2012 Than You Did

I'm here, the earth did an Irish jig for St. Patrick's Day! Woke me right up.

SMOOCH!! Kisses, sunshine  LUCK! to everyone today!Happy St. Patrick's DayShamrock Speech Bubble Button  via

Awwwwhat a cutieHappy St. Patrick's Day Rhys xo

When even Guinness thinks being associated with the anti-gay Manhattan St Patricks Day parade is bad for business, you know the jig is up

Oh dear, so St Patrick's Day in NYC is just SantaCon but in green.

happy St Patrick day to you thanks xx

Stay home or Uber it! St. Patrick's Weekend DUI Crackdown Hits L.A.!!!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Celebrate with the Top 10 Irish Musicians:

They're supposed to be cleaning the carpet down stairs but they found out it was St. Patrick's day.

We would like to wish everyone a happy #StPatricksDay! Wear green and have an awesome day!

st patricks day is exciting to me bc drunk niall that's about it im not even irish

yeah man.  Looking great for saint Patrick's day

it's my least favorite st Patricks day tradition lol

St. Patricks day: The day that all white people magically become Irish.

Saint Patricks Day Parade 2014 route map

Happy Saint Patrick Day! Some  Guinness, Stout, and Whisky Combo? jajjajaaaa

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Here are 32 Irish pubs around the US where you can celebrate:

According to noted theologian Megyn Kelly, it's on Christmas. RT  So when is White Patrick's Day, anyway?

Hi Araceli - There are some St. Patrick's Day menu items like Corned Beef  Cabbage at Flo's V8 Cafe!

Happy St. Patrick's day! Pinch me and I'll punch you.

@highlight

Don't miss St Patrick's Day celebrations in Trafalgar Square and across London tomorrow.

@highlight

you must wear green participate in St. Patrick's Day Parade.

@highlight

El Cajon streets run green for St. Patrick's Day Half Marathon.

@highlight

Guinness has cancelled its sponsorship of the New York City St Patrick's Day parade today

@highlight

Heineken also withdraws from NYC St Patrick's sponsorship in support of gay rights.

@highlight

Spectators To Line Fifth Avenue For NYC's St. Patrick's Day Parade Amid Tension.