New York's Republican Mayor Bloomberg endorses President Obama for re-election.

Reports--8 States Will Decide! Daily Presidential Tracking Poll: Romney 49%, Obama 48%

Obama and Clinton at Saturday night rally in Virginia

Obama remain president on 4 more years! 

Obama and Clinton only Democrats elected twice since FDR.

Obama re-election reaction and the impact on US-Egyptian relations

Obama to visit Myanmar this month: Government official  | etribune, World

big news story today? Obama's recession landslide or marine dories in an Aussie jungle? Lol

I think it's pretty cool that Obama plays basketball on every Election Day. #thebasketballLife

i'm pretty good. relieved that Romney lost!

Video: AFP - Asians divided over Obama's re-election: Pakistanis, Afghans and Indonesians react to the US electi

I guarantee if Obama was white, he would've won by a landslide. Its sad, but true. #YouKnowImRight

In my opinion, Romney's indecent stance on immigrations was his worst mistake. I hope O undertakes serious immg. reform.

absolutely. We already see the aftermath of Obama +4 on Wall Street.

Statistician predicted all 50 states for Prez Obama, while every single major pundit was wrong  No opinions, more stats!

BBC reports Barack Obama victory tweet most retweeted ever  #Obama2012

He looks like Nelson Mandela  Businessweek's new cover shows an aged Obama: 'The Next Four Years' http

Comparing Obama's 2012 victory speech with his 2008 speech (graphic):

Obama up on Romney in Harris County (Houston area) by 2that's 2 votes, not points. Houston going purple makes sense, though.

If Republicans can peel off 10-15% of Obama's Latino coalition and stop talking about uteruses (sp), they'll be back in the mix in no time.

The Muslim Brotherhood that controls Obama made sure that Nation of Islam voted.

and you know this how ? Obama has done nothing, and is no fan of the UK !

Obama has 3, Romney has 24 .. Obama gon take it pokemon style and use bide.

They don't, but Obama's attorney general already sent out threatening letters awhile ago. We do as we please.

Harlem Celebrates Obama Victory: African Americans bolstered Obama at the polls and screamed, danced and wept as he

Republicans are contesting Ohio  Floridahold your horses Commie presstitutes. Obama had empty events but won. YEAH RIGHT.

What Re Election of President Obama Means For the People of 2012

I have two questions:1. When do the Obama 2012 Champions T-Shirts come out?2. When do the Romney 2012 Champions T-Shirts get to Africa?

RT: Romney received 2,669,077 less votes than McCain. 0bama got 9,516,969 less votes than in 2008. Repubs didn't

[IN THE NEWS] US Presidential Election results 2012: Comeback kid Obama headed back to White House for 2nd term

no it was the GOP who backed Mitt Romney..

CNN Advice for Obama: Why not appoint an all-GOP cabinet? - Democratic Underground

Puerto Rico Narrowly Votes2Become 51st State (And What Has Obama Said About It?)  via

Biggest national trend that worked in Romney's favor was public distaste for more expansive government

All these people in these Obama shirts is nice but can yall go to his website  buy one instead of these cheap ass faded shirts smh

Let's take Richard Carmona and put him in the Obama Administration. Please RT, AZ,

aye that it tis! I love waking up in the morning and President #Obama is STILL #POTUS

Scott Rasmussen tells me why his polls didn't project the Obama win.

#GOP Neocon purge can finally begin!      #Obama #election2012 #whys

Meanwhile, you have to give it to President Obama  all past president of the US. They've had better public persona

Big Bird would have been better than Obama. You voted for Obama by NOT voting for Romney

Racism and Romney being as popular as a gallstone made some folk there grasp at straws.

I was secretly hoping Obama would win because, ironically, I'm not fond of change.

'RINO' Boehner Kisses Obama's Ring!.    #tcot #ccot #LNYHBT

#Washington: Sign up for Updates from US-President Barack #Obama and Other Senior Officials | The #WhiteHouse

So glad Obama won 3 I dont even live in the USA lol  :)

And no, there was nowhere the campaign went wrong. It was/he was fantastic. Obama was simply not 'beatable.'

Julian #Assange: Victorious Obama 'wolf in sheep's clothing':  #WikiLeaks http

Picture of Obama in a santa hat with text that reads: Have Yourself A Barry Little Christmas

Took #Obama 54 minutes longer this time.  What a slacker ;-)

Miles Kimball: Obama's first priority should be to boost immigration  WIN

7-Year-Old Murdered for Not Learning the Koran   #Obama #HarryReid

There are folks on both sides who scan for critical Tweets and lash out. Same thing happened when I criticized Obama's campaign.

Daily Kos: CNN: Romney Violating Federal Laws 'Coordinating' With Karl Rove  via

Sad that Obama supporter are so selfish that they cut their own childrens' throats.

We can build a Great Wall along the North to keep Obama's Hordes out and another Great Wall along the South to keep the Illegals

Something I didn't realize: Obama won Paul Ryan's congressional district.

Obama has won Vermont after barely beating out a 17 minute Trey Anastasio guitar solo.

Our land is upside down. Socialist Obama  media lie about capitalist Romney  the ignorant believe that Romney

Sarah Palin 2016. Palin knew Romney wouldn't win. She never predicted a wide Romney victory.

He might even blame O'Reilly, don't cha think?  O'Romney O'Bush O'Poo

Obama Wins: So Christians, Will It Be More Hate, or Jesus?  #FoxNationIgnoresJesus

Tea Party blames Romney, Chris Christie and of course the media, ignoring that yesterday's landslide was caused by the T

All the pundits are WRONG - Romney did everything RIGHT, he IS a true conserv., soc. lib is no answer, he ran tough

Mitt Romney underperformed John McCain in Ohio by ~90k votes

And all you Romney bitchies can suck my dick.

Obama won high school drop outs by thirty points. Obama won high school grads by one (Lost college grads.)  Stay in school, kids.

Mitt Romney is one man who could have done with fewer home states.

Fiscal Cliff: Will Obama Yield On Tax Hikes In Time?

update: girl who wrote story about Horny Ghost just announced that obama sucks and i managed to audibly roll my eyes for the first time ever

President Obama's re-election isn't the TV ratings record-breaker his first victory proved to be:  #Election2012

Obama just got reelected. They don't know if they can stop you bro.

Forbes - Obama's Not-So-Secret Weapon: Will He Use It to Help Power His New Mandate?

Expats high on Obama win - Times of India  #Expats #News

Tonight is live from DC. He'll talk with about the #fiscalcliff and why #Romney lost. 8 and 10pm ET

Wait ! if obama gets impeached does that mean we get stuck with Biden?

I don't know why y'all mad.. Obama looks out for all people . Romney wasn't worried about middle or lower class. So

I will Bask in The Glory of President #OBAMA'S VICTORY !

Next: the demographics key to #Obama's victory plus a panel of Republicans on how their party needs to change #ac360

#NigerianDailyNews: Obama wins second term, Romney concedes defeat: President Barack Obama had little time  #NEWS

Obama Victory Opens Iran Negotiation Window  via

with all due respect, Sen. McCain needs to abolish his HATE first! I disagree Lanny! Graham accused Obama of treason!

323-206 and my republican friends said landslide to Romney ha.

President Obama's in need of a slow jam

Diane Sawyer's odd election coverage: Relive President Obama's re-election through the best and oddest media mom

Obama's drones reportedly run Linux. The engineers told Obama it already has all the drivers built in [pun /]

guys obama killed my dog

The vote means that we should resist  obstruct Obama's tyranny#HannityLive

If Romney wins let's make #FuckRomney a trending topic OKAY? RETWEET!!!!!!(:

Obama Is Going To Win ! I Have Faith .

#Maddow Yes! We elected Pres Obama so we will not have #ACA (Obamacare) repealed or have RoevWade overturned. Medicare &am

We are so thrilled that you and Pres.Obama will remain in the Whitehouse for four more years! We need and

GUYS GUYS!!! Remember that guy Mitt Romney? Me either!

Best demo for Obama out of 10 #exitpolls has: black women in North Carolina - 99 to 1

Obama has proven he can be president of a country for perhaps 8 years. You couldn't be president of a college for 2 years.

I was told I looked like I could be Obama's daughter today hahahaa

Niall From 1D says he's in love with Obama. Aw.

Second term will be the Bing Obama golf term.

I hope obama does everything we fear that he will, maybe then, people will get off their lazy asses  make a REAL change in USA's direction!

According to Cartman, this country is changing under Obama's rule. #SouthPark

viewers: If last nights overwhelming win 4 Obama hasn't convinced U that Fox pundits LIE 2 U, U R lost. #tcot #gop

Ke 'White House', Keluarga Obama Kompak Tampil Stylish

romney looks like the guy from the grinch stole christmas

GOTV is part of the game. In the end, the very end, Obama was simply a better candidate and the people chose.

Romney was a lousy choice, just like McCain. Let's face it, the GOP is a disaster, it's time for a new conservative party

@highlight

New York's Republican Mayor Bloomberg endorses President Obama for re-election.

@highlight

Reports--8 States Will Decide! Daily Presidential Tracking Poll: Romney 49%, Obama 48%

@highlight

Obama and Clinton at Saturday night rally in Virginia

@highlight

BBC reports Barack Obama victory tweet most retweeted ever.

@highlight

Obama remain president on 4 more years! 

@highlight

Obama and Clinton only Democrats elected twice since FDR.