If Obama wins, I'm leaving the country. If Romney wins, I'm leaving the country. This isn't a political tweet, I just

Obama campaign launches massive Get Out the Vote effort. Romney campaign responds with biggest ever Don't Count the Vo

if Romney becomes president we are probably going to get another anti-establishment album from Green Day. YOU KNOW WE DON'T WANT THAT.

Warning: This May Scare You, Seriously. The 100th Day Of The Romney Administration:

(773): Your dress got me laid by one of Obama's Secret Service members. Patriotic duty, check.

#SuryaRay #Surya Bill Clinton to rally voters for President Obama at the Palestra - The Daily

#Romney Spends Final Campaign Hours in #Pennsylvania  via #tcot #mitt2012

Mitt Romney tells homeless disaster victim to 'go home and call 211'  via #sandy

Romney's not a drinker, but most beers lean right, while liberals prefer Absolut.

what about spiritual crisis in straight community since Romney rejected gay marriage mobs attack gay people

New York Daily News joins growing number of newspapers switching endorsement to Romney | Fox

Women! The 50s may look cool to those who didn't live it, Mad Men chic etc, but it really was grim. Vote Obama to keep our hard won gains!!!

Romney what color is the sky?Romney: That's a very good question. We had a sky back when I was governor of Massachus

Why Do White People Think Mitt Romney Should Be President?

In fact the Scarecrow was an Obama supporter until he got in to see the Wizard  got his brain, which he'd had all along but didn't know it

Obama, Romney Virtually Tied in Virginia - Wall Street Journal: Moneycontrol.comObama, Romney Virtually Tied in

I want it to be Tuesday, but then again, I do not.  At least for now, I know Obama is president  Mittens is not.

This is what wingnuts are counting on: Willard getting over 60% of the white vote, low Obama voter turnout and voter s

I honestly don't care who you vote for as long as it isn't Mitt Romney.

Plz Flw As Romney Surges, Blue States Like Maine in Play -  Supporters of  #MaineRepublicans #RonPaul

SIGN AND RT! President Obama: Pres Candidates req  disclose 10 yrs tax returns, All Banking outside US  via

[Video] US: Depressed pro-Obama voter turnout could help Romney win

We met barrack Obama he is our Number 1 fan!

Obama pays 1million $ on 1 dinner-He's campaigning and Hi5ing and NY  NJ are going to hel

Linda McMahon says she still backs Romney--she's just tying herself to Obama in minority neighborhoods. #sleazy

Political Cartoons - Obama Presidency - It's not a tax. - Washington Times:  via  #p2 #tcot

Romn 50.1%-49.5% Romney w minimum 271 EVs (FL, VA, CO, WI, NH) 309 EVs if he takes OHPA. Pres-elect #Romney

New York's Republican Mayor Bloomberg endorses President #Obama for re-election. Details soon

if Romney loses i want paul ryan, marco rubio, chris christie to run as Republican nominee

I'm beginning to get the distinct impression that some of my Obama supporting followers are getting a bit twitchy.

Convenient Timing is revealed SUSAN RICE SUNDAY MORNING IN RE BENGHAZI  PRES. OBAMA 60 minutes PM. FINALLY, 60 minutes interview will show.

Voting Romney is beneath you. Period. And you know it. He has no honor. No principles. You do.

#Axelrod Has No Response To #Ohio Early Voting Numbers  #vote #election #Obama #Obama2012 #forward2012 #wedecide #vote

Obama will end campaign on Mon. with rallies in WI, OH, and IA, accompanied by Springsteen and JAY Z #ProtectTheFirewall

Obama and Romney Blitz Battleground States -  via

reports -- Barack Obama the not-so-happy warrior:

#Forward2012 Determination - Obama for America TV Ad:  via

Republicans Blame Sandy for Killing Romney's Momentum: The election is still a day away, but the politic  taw #US

It's a 5-rally day for Mitt Romney. He campaigns in Florida, Virginia (2 events), Ohio and New Hampshire.

Barack Obama didn't care about your jobs for 4 years, why should you care about his for the next four - Vote in less than 24 hrs

As a medical worker, I am offended by Mitt Romney's go to the Emergency Room for health care!  #OuttaBeAshamed

He would, but Obama's 'reputation' is more important than people.

It's not fair to say Mitt Romney has hired ALL of George W. Bush's advisors-- he dumped the two black ones (Condi, Powell). True story.

Vote Obama: die a slow painful death. Vote Romney: die a violent fast death. Then if you don't vote they choose How you die. #USelection

Mitt Romney was a severely conservative Governor. #douchiestMittRomneyLies

Delphi (Romney company) buys China factories after firing 25K US workers. WHO'S THE PROBLEM?  VOTE #OBAMA #tcot #INGov

Wave good bye to the Obama media after this election :

I am too. I think it's Obama's ceiling though.

#Obama created more private sector jobs in 8mths than Bush did in 8yrs..yeah clearly that black guy in da WH is outta control #Romney2012!.

Wouldn't it be funny if all Mitt Romney got was 47% of the vote?

He was Mad about Obama not Saying he is Half White and Obama Sends Marines on Patrol with no Ammo

I Just Love FREE Stuff - Like Voting for Obama/Biden #p2 #tcot #TEAPARTY #Topprog #GOP #DNC #LGBT #UAW

Whitney Tilson now alphacloning 'black boxes': Whitney Tilson Willing to Bet YOU $25,000 that Barack Obama Wins

2012 in a nutshell: In 2008, Wall Street bubbles collapse, destroy jobs, lives, hope. Repub's pick Romney, the symbo

All you jiggaboos better vote for Obama cause I'm not tryna work in the cotton fields.

mitt romney more like mayor of whoville

FL voters waited in line for hours to vote for OBAMA! OH voters fought the Sec.of State to vote for OBAMA! Enthusiasm is h

Obama's claim that Romney tax plan doesn't add up got a Mostly True.  #debate

OBAMA would NEVER approve of these jeans!! #VOTEOBAMA

Supporters, Sorry Stress over the Romney Agents use of Patriot Act to HighJack American Voters

Watch live: President Obama kicks off the last day of the campaign in Madison, Wisconsin.

People are voting for Obama on social issues? Obama's only concerned with his own SOCIAL life..not yours!  #Forewarned

Obama's ancestral village in Kenya brimming with confidence

Proof: Obama Refused to Call Benghazi 'Terror,' CBS Covered Up  ONE BIG FUCK YOU to #CBS - I see an ad on CBS - I BOYCOT

It bears mentioning that Romney's event in Bucks County drawing over 25K is a kind of a big deal in Pennsylvania. #Pennsyltucky

RT When #Romney blowout happens, Left will cry cheating, citing B.S. neck-neck polls. The Victory Gap wil

Yet Sabato still sees Obama as king in his Crystal Ball!

Mitt Romney doesn't care about education, that's why as governor of Massachusetts, they rose to top in the nation for education.

Ad Wars: Obama#8217;s #8216;#Republican#8217; Woman, Registered as  #anyone #BarackObama #Democrat #GOP #newtag

I have a question! Over here please. .. Mitt #Romney's speeches are, consistently, the opposite of inspiring. Ho

Account from Ohio man told to build stage only to find out it was for Romney to fire entire company from is brutal:

Roll of the dice? Bookmaker declares election over, pays out on Obama win:

Nate Silver: Obama Has 86.3 Percent Chance of Winning Election - AlterNet: AlterNetNate Silver: Obama Has  an #P2

Obama needs a vacation from his ego

Rodeo Announcer Tells Crowd Michelle Obama is 'National Geographic'-Worthy  via

#Obama tried to restore ties with #Iran in 2009, report says  now #Israel wants to bomb them

check out 's excellent inspired word searches. he's doing romney threats against hair weaves now.

i say vote obama and steal romney's magic underpants!

President Obama has MY VOTE and IOWA loves him! We are praying every1 that can Votes for him. God

Paul Ryan Mocks President Obama's Styrofoam Columns  via

More NY victims feel abandoned.  But Obama stopping in NJ one day is called a photo opt.

If Romney loses and you MSMers goad idiot GOP pols into making a big stand at the Iowa Straw Poll I WILL GRIND YOU INTO

Obama coming to Chicago today or tomorrow?

Obama may not have been born with a silver spoon in his mouth, but he did have a Communist or two in his ear! #RomneyRyan2012

Rasmussen Reports--8 States Will Decide! Daily Presidential Tracking Poll: Romney 49%, Obama 48%

See, how is it that Romney supporters think those who CAUSED the mess are the ones to get them OUT of the mess?

(via Twitchy) Beyonce shows off massive Obama earrings, fashionistas drool

#Presstitutes ignored Obama's bad econ, #Benghazi, FFur, credit rating downgrade, high poverty leves, etc. they will always cover 4 him.

We will then prosecute Obama for Benghazi  Holder for Fast  Furiious  the list can go on 4 treason

I voted for love of country - that's why I voted for Obama 2 weeks ago during early voting. Obama will keep this country moving #FORWARD

Obama Will Win Election! But We Can not Rest Until Everyone Who Wants To Vote For Him Can  Does! VOTE OBAMA!

polls are tied in Mich w/ Romney one point ahead.  the count is now 46 papers switching to Romney.

Fantastic: Obama  Clinton at Saturday night rally in Virginia

Liberals Ridicule Romney for Hurricane Sandy Charity yet they say NOTHING about American Kids Eating Rats for Dinner

Magic Johnson Supports President #Obama:   via

President Obama For: Wind  Solar Clean Energy  Climate Change Control / Pollution Stopped!

Butttt of course Romney won for this school

dunno about my dad, but the rest of my family are voting Obama

Owned again, this truely is OBAMA'S AMERICA

President Barack Obama holds 48% vs 46% lead over Mitt Romney in national poll of likely voters - Reut

@highlight

New York's Republican Mayor Bloomberg endorses President Obama for re-election.

@highlight

Reports--8 States Will Decide! Daily Presidential Tracking Poll: Romney 49%, Obama 48%

@highlight

Obama and Clinton at Saturday night rally in Virginia