I can't decide if I should go to dartmouth to vote, seeing as Obama will win MA anyways, its only important that I vote to legalize pot.

If Romney's elected tomorrow, black people get ready

Justin bieber has passed Obama in twitter followers!!!!!!!! Justin has 29M and Obama has 21M!!! i'm so proud of you

I would prefer one with Mitt Romney's voice. SUPER FUCKIN DOPE

Obama rhymes with llama and they're great therefore obama is great therefore he should continue to be the president u f

So feels that she is too good for everyone now because she hugged Obama #WhatAHoe

Even though the people on the east coast feel abandoned..Obama will still be re-elected.

Caitlin's votin for Obama: She likes black people, and KNOWS I NEED my Food Stamps

#lt I expect the same if Obama loses #teamfunfriendship

Are unions President Obama's secret weapon? #election2012 #POTUS  Sounds like a page from the Austra

Romney or Obama? We asked. They answered. You decide.

RT Mitt Romney is not even winning in his own state! Smh , LOL

the whole of the united states will do barack obama, don't worry! Good luck x

its sad that ive been sick all day and I havent seen one Obama commercial on tv  Alll of them are for Romney !

Bruce and perform at a campaign rally for President #Obama. Watch live on  and apps!

My previous was in a southern baptist church, where i voted Obama. Arkansas has medical MJ on it this year.Absentee for me.

obama u got dis u gonna beat romneys lil ass tomorrow ok u show him who runs this country

My vote goes to Barack Obama even though I'm not an American citizen xD ^^

Obama, Romney enter grueling homestretch of 2012 campaign |   ^MB

Pray for me. Here's my prayer during community groups!: Dear Jesus help Obama to win and Romney to lose. I need help.

Canada Free Press- Growing Media Attention on Obama Admin. Violating the Law By Failing to Publish Regulatory Ag ht

Based on that chart I'd like to throw my support behind a tie, which would probably give us Romney-Biden

When will we FINALLY be able to vote via twitter OBAMA?!

i dont even live in america anymore but i want obama to win the elections so bad because he is the coolest person ever

Honestly, if I could vote, I would vote for anybody, BUT Obama. #NOBAMA #KeepTheChange

K romney gtfo go kill yourself you ignorant fuck and vote for obama (:

Woah way too many Romney sings

[News] Live Stream Of Jay-Z Performing At President Barack Obama Campaign Rally In Ohio

Unless you support Obama, I like you.

With 29 electoral college votes at stake in Fla, it's easy to see Romney trying to use Bush's style of 2000. #TeamObama watch out!! #fb

barak obama , said it on his speach to remain president #bbcNews

Please, I don't want to see Michelle Obama in those ugly dresses for the next 4yrs. I'd love to see the classy Ann Romney as my first lady.

*Pffffttt*as if the opinion of the entire globe matters.    #uspresidentialelections2012   #obama   #romney

Cobbers, If you plan to vote tomorrow you can cast your ballot for Romney in the atrium and Obama at the transportation services building.

But for Harry Reid Obama may have been a better President!

I was sure Romney would win for America, now I'm not so sure. O has fooled a lot of people with social agenda.

Romney makes me throw up whenever I see his face the fact that he is in.Fairfax makes me sick

I'm so tired of seeing people talk abou Romney, Obama had 4 years and did nothing but put us more in dept and punish

Vote Obama then hit all Democratic LOL

but seriously the Romney/Ryan logo is just the Aquafresh logo on its side

The people who trash Obama are voting for him, they just do that cuz they have to eat.. Its there job. #FACT cause they p

#autofollow Obama at 48 percent vs. 46 percent for Romney nationally: Reuters/Ipsos poll: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Presid  #nowfollowing

what would Barack Obama tell you to do? #STAY get an education bc Romney gonna take it away from yo ass!!!

an Obama victory tomorrow, signifies the end of America as we know it.Not being morbid, just sounding an alarm

I'm not even American and I will be so embarrassed if mitt Romney wins

really hope Obama winsmy faith in humanity is at stake.

HERE COME THE DREADED INTERNALS..Exclusive: Romney internal polls put him OH+1, NH+3, IA+2, down in NV, tied in WI  PA

They knew military would mainly vote against Obama. So things conviently happen.

Someone should tell Romney two of the Beatles are dead, so it would have been interesting if they were in Virginia.

Jeter Vital.  Barack Obama coasts in for a layup: ht

My brother wants Romney. It's okay. I just like to listen.

If Romney wins the election tomorrow I'm withdrawing from school on Wednesday

I would love too know what people think when they say they are voting for Obama

Tomorrow is my first time being able to vote, I'm so excited!!!! #Obama

Obama has flip flopped too, gay marriage, Guantanamo , transparency on CSPAN- but instead held closed door meetings, sigh

Obama, Clinton rally New Hampshire:  via Lol My nephew standing behind the president!! :-)

RT; Obama took 15 Billion out of Medicare to Fund Michelle's Vacation.  THEY MUST GO!

I think Romney should live on $300 a week and pay taxes like the poor do. And he should do this for a year.

There are still numerous commercials and ads in the media trying to dissuade people from voting Obama. #NH1074WARD

We've almost fully reversed all the dumbass shit the Republican Party did under Bush. How bout we elect Obama again so

has Jay-Z and Bruce Springsteen by his side, Romney can only muster Kid Rock

I Don't waste time w liberals because U can't fix STUPID. Must convince rational people 4 more years of Obama is unacceptable

You know what grinds my gears? When I see a Romney sticker on a person or vehicle.

I doubt if any1 wud copy off of that ignorant neanderthal. It wud be #Romney who copied off a guy with half a BRAIN.

Poor people. The Romney and Ryan families must be EXHAUSTED.

I pray too God Romney doesn't win the election ..

most people couldn't tell me which state romney governs nor what obama accomplished during his presidency. but you're

Last chance to be best player on court MT So weird RT Obama to play basketball on Elex Day http

Tomorrow's Election: Obama for President again!!!

Hard to be Commander-in-Chief with such little support.  500 Admirals, Generals Endorse Romney  via

We have a duty to act that is greater and more urgent than allegiance to any political party.#Catholics 4 Romney leader

Even in California, the buzz is Romney will win by Landslide. If Romney loses stock market will go down 500 points.

They funny as'l he voting obama cuz he keep continuing his unemployment lmfao

I hope to God that we do not reward a 4 year temper tantrum by the republicans with a romney win.

Eric named his cat Obama.

obama you need to win that SHIT !

If Romney wins then the middle and low class are FUCKED!.especially low class

Mitt Romney just said card check. He wanted Detroit to go bankrupt. GET OUT THE VOTE. #Labor #FORWARD

I think you should dreadfully fear obama just as much. I will be voting for a third party candidate. No More Wars.

It is very clear from campaign rallies that momentum is with Romney. Crowds are fired up. One more day!!

the little girl behind Romney on CNN voicing her opinion.. lol

Obama will lead early until the Republicans get off work

My headteacher is basically the English version of Obama

Retired NSA Analyst Proves GOP Is Stealing Elections Part I: Why is Mitt Romney so confident? In states where th

I actually can't wait to find out who's elected for president #obama

I know it doesn't really affect me, but I really want Obama to win the US elections

IF ROMNEY WIN TOMORROW HONESTLY Y'ALL MIGHTESS WELL KISS FOOD STAMPS AND ALL THAT WELFARE SHIT GOOD-BYE #RNS!

Fuck running to canada if Romney wins I'm going to amsterdam #fuckyeah

Judging by the U.S. electoral map, Obama might want to spend a bit more on education, science and comprehension in the middle states.

These internal Romney polls would be way more interesting if the British tabloid had hacked them from the pollster's phone #neverforget

Romney supporters gather, with tractors, to counter Biden rally  via #WIRight #wiunio

Mitt Romney gets on my last nerve. -_-

you can vote for who you like, of course, but if you vote for #Romney i will haunt the living shit out of you when im gone.#election2012

Apparently from 2am Wednesday, we will know if Obama needs to vacate the White House so it can become a White's Hous

I read Romney would not be good for REITs. I'm not so sure, like to see data on that $AGNC Might be stronger dollar related? Again disagree

How does Mitt Romney lose in Massachusetts, a state that he governed.Smh, his own state doesn't want him #Obama2012 #Forward

What Happens to GOP If Romney Loses?

It's a lot of Romney posters over here today

I really hope Obama doesn't win.

Also, your underlying snarky passive aggressive assumption that Obama voters don't work is pretty ignorant.

If Obama gets re-elected, I'm going to find the nearest and cutest baby and punch it square in the face.

Mitt Romney looks like a haunted tree.

Springsteen: path to future filled with long days, Obama is going to live those days with us #umichvotes

hope obama wins the election tomorrow #coolguy

Trying to relax in the final hours of this campaign season Listen to  #Romney

hitting him with #Obama line. He may ask for you college transcripts next

I remember the Reagan years.  They were filled with hope, oppty, renewed pride in America.  With Romney/Ryan we can feel that way again.

roflmao  Peggy Noonan  Romney vibrations

MC Hammer was smarter with his money than Obama has with OUR money! Hammer blew 100 Million, Obama 6 Trillion. You do the math

This is totally irrelevant to what Mitt Romney can do as president but

Sarah Palin, who John McCain preferred to Mitt Romney, has now endorsed Romney for president. The final nail in the coffin?

Romney supporters prove you don't have to be stupid to support him - but it sure helps!

Let me find out my grandparents voted for Romney, we will not be speaking!!!

Tomorrow is election day and mercury retrograde :/  Who foresees a recount?  A Romney win?  I'm not sure what's

Obama, Romney Make Final Push For Votes On Day Before Election  vi

Intriguing, if unlikely, prospect of a draw in the #uselex Can't wait to see Romney take a penalty.

Jay-Z is performing for Obama just now #GameOver

Judging by the U.S. electoral map, Obama might want to spend a bit more on education, science and comprehension in the

foreal, tv talk bad about obama 24/7. Its like facebook, they only post stuff they want you to hear and see, and ppl eatin it up

Not all of Obama's supporters are unemployed, so this whole early lead joke i've seen like six times is fucking dumb.

if you're American and don't vote Barack Obama, I pity you

Obama is going to win. It's not really close. The stupid news media just pretend it's close.

If ur a college student and/or your family doesn't make over 250,000 a year and u vote for romney..u were dropped on ur head as a child!!!

Obama Won Dis Shyt So Yaw Republicans Suck My Dick

Bruce Springsteen performing for Obama, Kid Rock for Romney. #betterthannugent

Going to bed really early tonight and napping tomorrow afternoon. I don't plan on sleeping until Romney is president-elect.

Da fact dat dis song just came on pandora on da Mary J station!!! Lol when Obama became President we wore di

If Romney wins, iam immediately moving to brazilwho's coming?

I would like Obama to win the election please.

YES! We need you Obama- I don't wanna move to Canada, but if the opposition wins I'm afraid ill have no other choice! OBAMA

If Romney win we gone be in slavery

hahaha I know! Obama is just a ledge, and should be their president forever. Screw that 8 year tops thing

did u know she was the 'muse' of George Romney- ancestor of Mitt!? on 2nd thought, she deserved to die in misery lol

: when headed to the polls tomorrow, remember Romney/Ryan is only ticket caring about our cause #fldstrong

I have a knife and gun on stand by, I really hope Obama wins he's amazing!

Does anyone know who is really winning so far? Obama or Romney?!??

These are a hoot: 30 of the Best Anti-Obama Cartoons From The Election

This election is still too close to call. Nobody knows what time Romney will concede at.

It's pretty messed up that Romney could win popular votes but still not be Pres.  Electoral votes are dumb - this isn't 1812

Being from Ohio, who do you think is winning, Obama or Romney?

are you okay? Lmao! I hope you feel better now. Sounds like your voting Romney. And thats ok.

You should care more about packers showing up and working for Obama. #YourAnIdiot

WHO WANTS TO WAGER THAT WHEN ROMNEY WINS TOMORROW NITE THE LAME STREAM MEDIA WILL B OUT EXCORIATING HIM 4 NOT HELPING SAN

So I guess your throwing your vote away to Obama? Seems to me your the one who needs to wake up

I got ask today if im team obama/romney. I replied wi/ a heavy punch on his face. Hope he understnds ma way of sayin #IDAF !!! Bout em

Is it weird that I have a little crush on Obama..?

thinkin we only want Obama to win cause he black and keeps welfare

I'm wearing my hat tomorrow, to show my support. COME ON OBAMA.

I get a kick out of celebrities who endorse Obama.  Because most actors don't even deserve that money Obama's taking away from them.

How Romney and Obama could win without OH one thing's for sure, Ohio will never matter this much again (until 2016):

Nigga you're not rich enough to vote for Romney. Grt the fuck out my face with that shit

Having a bit of a moment. Then out of the pines swoops a bald eagle right in front of my car. I watched it fly down the row of Romney signs

Will US citizens living under the breadline abandon Obama?  #USA2012

Tomorrow Will Be The Day When We Find Out Who Will Be The Head Power Of The United States Of America. Obama Or Romney? #ElectionDay

Obama makes decisions about war, David Cameron makes decisions to make my pasty from greggs more expensive grrr

I will be very happy to say these words Jan 20, 2013: Thank you President Romney for bringing Honor back to America. Thank You.

OMG.  Christie: I speak to President Obama every day; he put Bruce Springsteen on the

Wednesday headlines: Romney Wins. women, minorities and children suffer worst effects.

I guess it's a good thing that Obama is gonna win this election anyway. Haha

Peggy Noonan is a political opportunist--its great news she thinks Romney is going to win!

I don't like to say my opinion about the elections on twitter but GO ROMNEY! #WIN

Excited to see campaigning in PA and OH tomorrow. Great move #Romney campaign,

Mitt Romney tryna get ya niggas to school 6 days a week

More from the PRO MUSLIM PARTY.Democrat ad shows Romney supporters being beheaded  via

I was actually hoping you could expand on why folks should vote for Obama.

'We can build a better tomorrow, tomorrow' Has Romney actually been copying off Stephen Colbert? Really?

A vote for Romney is a vote for neutering certain adults

Vote for Obama because he's doing good things, not because he's black.

Dear Meatloaf, thanks for supporting Romney. # youlookedCray

Astrologers are predicting an Obama win 2 to 1, according to our survey of 45 predictions. Pass it on.

Obama not eligible for President again? YES!

RT this ones for you If youre in Columbus, OH, come on down to Nationwide Arena now to see Obama, Jay Z  Bruce Springsteen

Do you want to compare the Romney/Johnson business records? Shall we go over the companies in which Romney has invested?

Perception is powerful whether it is based on facts or not!  Mr Slick Willie Romney would like people to believe he is capable of being Pres

Drucker on mgt: plan, org, implement  control. Romney misses 2 of 4.

Man I was for Obama but I forgot ROSEANNE was running! #Roseanneforpres #peaceandfreedomparty

because Romney is a psycho. He's basically going to make everyone's lives a living hell except for rich people.

I was telling my mom last night bout how you put a post on FB bout Obama | she told me tht I don't have to tell nobody who I vote4

Romney is now using the same stump speech he used when he lost the GOP nomination in 2008. #repetition #daddy #brainwashed

This explains Christie/Obama lovefest: NJ Gov really wanted to meet Springsteen, finally found a guy who could make it happen.

Pay for my ticket  if Obama loses .. i say we move to Europe .. NIGGAS IN PARIS !

Obama has eroded away at Clinton's 1996 successful welfare reform, so that you no longer have to be looking for work to receive welfare.

Mitt Romney gone head and take away porn . but PLEASE don't take away weave do you know how much some of these hoes need it? lord .

Saw you on SKY but caption totally wrong. Check out RCP average: last 4 polls give a tie or win to Romney

is this a joke? Castro,Chavez and Ahmadinejad are all anxiously awaiting our election results. They are praying Obama wins.

I don't like politics I just have a passion for barack obama

I bet that tomorrow, #Obama will take an early lead.. until the Republicans all get out of work, that is. #tcot #p2

#Romney to be charged with violating federal ethics law. Sign petition here:

We're about out of time - but we're still short! Romney can now get the Thug out of the White House.

I'm reppin Obama so hard tomorrow. Y'all don't know

can we all go voting together tomorrow? Romney 2012! :)

So when will #FoxNews talk about Romney being charged with violating federal ethics law?  #Romney #2012 #election

Blogger Brian Dann weighs in on Mitt Romney and women at

Romney political views are non existent. His only focus is to make President Obama look bad. #VOTE!

Being the only persons that God is a respecter of; I'm endorsing  Romney. Obama has no excuses, for destroying King's dream!

Jay-Z finna kill this concert for Barack Obama

amen Kyante. And there will be no excuses. Prediction: Romney wins popularObama wins electoral and

Lol sike, Obama isn't an honest person? What Obama are you talking about? In fact what freaking planet are you on? #RomneyRyan2012 #Um

Basically if you're rich vote for Romney, and if you're middle class or poor vote for Obama.. That's how fucked up ou

The oddness of twitter: find myself simultaneously discussing Mitt Romney, Beppe Grillo  Habitat crockery.

It's time for a little RR America!Romney  Ryan ;)

im not from america but i cannot wait to watch the drama unfold live tomorrow night! obama!!

OMGosh vote Obama out of the Whitehouse.  We need a NEW president.  I cannot believe anyone wants to vote for this failure.

You betcha! and we have more..Keep on GOTV, Team Obama. The fight is worth fighting!Elect Our American champion for Pres!

does not sound like he really supports Obama!

President Obama is about to be on stage with Jay ZPlease come out to Public Service Announcement  lol  htt

If Obama was Anglo, would he still be the hip guy to vote for?

what's that gonna do all he does is bag on Romney so no one has a clue what he is going to do

Romney's energy plan includes approval of the Keystone pipeline from Canada and get us energy independent by 2020.

At 7:50am it's the #PresidentialCup! is going for Romney. We'll see, Harley; we'll see

Ustream Live: President Obama and Jay-Z in Ohio:  *Live Now*

Go and vote you fools! Don't let #Romney ruin America like he did Massachusetts! Viva #Boston! Viva Truth!

yeah, very bad optics for Obama right before election

Polls, Polls, Polls Yes but what do they mean. Is Obama winning? Argh! #election2012  #Obama

Is anyone really nervous about thisnaw President Obama has thisreally

Romney has no known principles, given that he's flip-flopped on pretty much everything except generic pro-business agenda.

vote #Obama USA you know you want too.

Jay z would open for Obama #boss

If Obama dont win im turning to a full-time gigolo

Mitt Romney - Whichever way the wind blows

Standing discussing the prospect of Romney's election and Plumbo #pleaseGodno #getPlumbo

Photo: supersoygrrrl: vdubali: edwn: Just to provide some perspective on the accusation that Obama spends

I think my car is the only one here at Sedano's with a Romney bumper sticker lol

Jay-z opening for Obama right now in Ohio Only a nigga that knows where 2pac is currently residing at can pull that off

. Romney will be calling fraud if Obama wins lol

Obama leads in CO, NV - Public Policy Polling  via

The number of abandoned dirty coffee cups in the sink at my office has doubled under the Obama Administration

Then said Obama can't bew trusted for going to Rev. Wright's church 20 years but he's also a Muslim. The same damn time.

RT if you are not even American and want to vote Barack Obama for President.

It's the battle of the idiots against Matt Baur. I lost though cause Obama has swag and food stamps.

CNN Exposed, Emmy Winning Former CNN Journalist, Amber Lyon CNN is paid by Foreign governments . They report lies to cover up for Obama.

he just needs to come good on a few promises. Obama care needs to be looked at

In today's dumbest troll of day report, someone is completely convinced Romney really did think airplane windows shld open. #losingwill2live

Oh you know Just going to rally for Romney..

I know one thing, Wednesday morning when I get up Obama  need to be on the front page

yeah gotta appease the poor somehow. both ends get breaks. romney overall too vague for me though

Obama and Romney remain silent on climate change, the biggest issue of all |   #climate

I've watched all of y'all tweet that you shouldn't vote all democrat before clicking Obama all day -__- that ain't shit but a rumor

Demand that Obama not disenfranchise our military and write an EO allowing the military to vote by Email or FAX

Mitt Romney and his people sent me like 50 emails. NOBODY LIKES YOU

ATTENTION OBAMA VOTERS  PLEASE VOTE THE RIGHT WAY OR YOUR VOTE WON'T COUNT !!!

You gotta Love Obama's tictacshe only went and tapped up for his campaign  #Obamatowin #fromaBrit #Hova

who wants to move to canada with me if romney wins? like srsly.

Vote Obama / democrat Nov6 thank u.

Vote for Obama if you want the mark of the beast.

They're both going to do terribly foreign policy wise. Obama less so, but he sure didn't stop any wars. It matters not much to us.

I know.. I'd be satisfied with either candidate, I just want Romney..

Must admit that Romney was not my guy in the primaries but has grown on me and grown on America! May it happen tomorrow!

u kno mitt romney's son is a huge stock owner in a voting machine company

Financial Markets doing  well under Pres Obama   via

If Obama doesn't get reelected tomorrow he is just another black man getting kicked out of his house :/

at the end of the day doesnt matter what celebrity endorses Obama,Romney has Clint Eastwood in his corner #youfeelingluckypunk

My prediction re: #USElection.  It's going to be an victory.  When it comes to it, Romney's had too man gaffes to overcome. 1/2

if romney wins, which he wont, im leaving to canada.

I NEED to hit the Lotto..just in case Romney do win but im praying that he dnt !

Obama wants Catholic hospitals to go against their faith to remain openinfringement of their first amendment rights much?

What if Romney wins an then goes in on his job and in like 3 weeks the average nigga owns 3 houses and 6 cars cause t

Jayz at this Obama rally. They letting this guy go ham. Where the censoring at lol

I find the American Presidential Election so interesting! Let's hope Obama gets his 2nd term.

if Romney becomes president , we all might as well live in a hole underground

That's right, Paul McCartney is an Obama supporter :D

2nd term for obama would mean the final implementation of what he's outlined, cause most of them are for

If you having world problems I feel bad for you son, I got 99 problems, but Mitt ain't one haha #classic #obama

Obama is going to win today, he is the antichrist

I Don't Understand Obama's CampaignCalling Rockstars and Musicians and Celebrities To Come and Campaign and Lashing Out

yes we are Mr Obama, yes we are! :)

If i was American i would be voting for Obama.. just look at that face how could you not?

Obama will get off to an early lead tomorrow But that will change when the rest of the voters finish working #AmericanDream #ItsallRomney

I better win on the Melbourne Cup today, i have a shitload of money riding (get it?) on it 10 Big Ones. Oh and another 40 on Obama!

romney is racist POINT BLANK PERIOD

if you're american and you're not voting for obama then you need to sit in the corner and have a long hard think about what you've done

If you want to see the last Obama rally with Jay-Z performing go here:  #Vote2012

Just because I'm voting for Romney doesn't mean I agree with everything they stand for. But obamacare is going to be th

Ah, do you put that same scrutiny to Obama ads? To Priorities ads? If so, what's your POV Ob

Those With No Morals Will Vote Obama/Biden. Just Look Who Speals For Them.The First President Convicted Of Lude Acts On A

Im trying to think positive , hoping Obama wins .

Romney Losing in Mass. a state that he governed. Why vote for him when his own people don't want h

Is tryin to understand why the election is not about Obama and Romney views and what are they going to do for USA

Like couldn't give a fuck about the outcome of the election, Obama no better than Romney to me. But from a purely dopeness perspective

Jay-Z performing for Obama in OH. When will GOPers get any relevant ppl to support the GOP? Stacey Dash was relevant when I was in 3rd grade

Obama currently -350; was -400 this am. Romney pays +275  (via

lmao i kno that right #OBAMA all day #TimeForMoreChange :) :)

Interview w/ Romney goes bad  #steez360 #obama

this is why I voted for him -- Obama Responds to 10-Year-Old's Heartfelt Letter About Her Dads  via

If you need a job hows supporting Obama worked out for you?

crap! Forty-six newspaper editorial boards that endorsed then-Senator Barack Obama in 2008 have decided instead to endorse mitt

wait.. nvm because Romney isnt going to win! HAHA!

It's scary that Romney might actually win the election.

Get you a Obama tee here  //t.co/3wC5M7YW

yep  don't really want to get my hopes up, but Romney seems to have the momentum

I have a confession to make I have this morbid curiosity to see Romney and Ryan in office.  There, I said it!

I will say this again for anyone using the economy as an excuse to hate Obama. I have seem nothing but improvement.

ALL FEMALES BETTER VOTE FOR OBAMA IF YAULL WANT WEAVES  TRACKS ! Especially Black Women !

Fuck Obama and fuck Romney. I don't care about none of this shit! The only thing I care about is jacking off

ROMNEY AND HIS FAMILY SPELT THEY OWN NAME WRONG ,  LOOK AT THESE BITCHES.

But it does suck to live in a city that looks like Mitt #Romney's headquarters/stronghold.

Romney being the idiot! Haha I've never even seen bush on tv or listened to him!

from soneone who knows him..Obama's Harvard law professor Roberto Unger says 'he must be defeated in 2012'

I'm voting for Obama b/c i would like to graduate from college  I cannot afford to with financial support from the government.

Power to the PeopleLet's get out And vote for the obvious candidateWho cares for the poor and unfortunate!Obama!

Mitt Romney's campaign tacked on last-minute stops in Ohio and Pennsylvania on Election Day.

Lol Rush is predicting Romney at 300+ electorate votes

Romney Can't Talk About One Struggle He Had! He Can't Talk About The Stuggle!

and Obama doesn't have to show any documentation? Both should show all documents asked of them

I can't help but wonder if Obama would've been criticized this much if he weren't black! I mean everything he does is put

Can It All Be a Coincidence? The Strange History of Barack Obama | Village of the Banned

Don't talk about how mad you gone be if Romney win if you not getting off your ass to do nothing about it !

all my family is Voting for Romney  Ryan

Romney has more kids than Obama.  It's just the facts, folks.

I am genuinely nervous about tomorrow, despite the fact that I'm not American. It's just, if Mitt Romney wins I fear for the entire world.

LMAO ! RT Ppl are saying Obama knew about the storm and didnt stop it

What Does Tomorrow's Election Mean for #Turkey-#US Relations?: American President Barack #Obama and his challenger,

I'd be f'd over if Romney wins

I know, but what if Romney puts something in the water? LikePro-Romney Potion and then him winning becomes AN ACTUALITY.

So Obama won Ohio!!!! YES!!!!!! This race got my hair standing on top of my head.

If I had to pick one though, I would vote AGAINST ROMNEY, not FOR OBAMA

Michelle Obama is the most beautiful first lady

1030p.m. last night, idiots celebrating another Terrorist attack with fireworks across from my house, Romney was in town.

watching Jay Z live at President Obama's final rallies

Romney will fuck up America so much. People will be dumb to vote him in!

lol I wasn't saying they don't. I was simply saying so did Mitt Romney's. You should read the whole thing.

Chris Matthews: Romney's choice of pizza toppings indicates racism.

how my grandpa voted for Mitt Romney  what the fuck.

Romney is going to win sorry to say but.. it's true

yes Luke and so my polls are wrong and urs are correct !!! Luke #Obama will win Ohio that's gonna do it.

NH Romney operatives note UNH poll with Obama up 4 has D+7 sample; 2008 vote was D+2; if it D+3 or less, they say Romney

I better go with with my mom tomorrow to make sure she votes for Obama.

CBS under fire for withholding Obama's Benghazi remarks - Politico (blog): Daily MailCBS under fire for withhold

What the Nuns on the Bus can teach President Obama about giving the campaign a moral core:

If you're an apathetic, sporadic or unlikely voter: Do it for the look on face at Romney's concession speech #Obama2012

mate this is sooooo sick! I'm voting for Obama for this reason!

someone said Obama will be leading the race until the Republicans get off of work tomorrow. the shade is endless.lol

blizzard of Romney signs out this way  Country Store)

Seriously, it's really important that Romney wins tomorrow. #RomneyRyan2012

Sarah Palin endorsing Romney why is she still involved in politics #GoAway

Nearly 80 percent of French back Obama re-election - so Obama/Clinton (that's Bill) run in France - Bill would have a blast!

Romney can suck my balls.

Obama ! or Romney ! Whoooo will winn ? I Think obama.

Raising taxes in Obama's second term would further devastate the economy.

I WANT TO BE AMERICAN SO I CAN VOTE FOR OBAMA. :(

Is Sarah Palin's endorsement of Romney a positive or a negative? #crazyhoe

How can Obama say he has made improvements when the National debt is outrageous and the unemployment rate hovering at 8%?? Truth.

Obama needs Jay-Z, Clinton, Springsteen, and Stevie Wonder to fight his battles. #NotWhatWeNeed

I agree w/ #Romney could be #Antichrist #tcot #ocra #LibertyTeam #FreedomTeam #JesusTweeters #Christian If #Romney wins, #endtimes

Sabrina the teenage witch is voting romney.  *burns down Nickelodeon*

I know. Stupid me. Obama waffling is much more interesting.

I hate Trumka. Fat asshole.Trumka: Card Check 'Within Next Term' if Obama Wins:

NC IS CURRENTLY TOSSED UP BUT LEANING TOWARDS ROMNEY! #NCAT #UNCG #ECU #UNC #DUKE #NCSTATE #WSSU #NCCU LETS CHANGE THIS

I hate Romney's policies but you don't see me making racist or personal remarks about him or his family

I Ain't No I Had So Many Romney Supporters As Friends On FB  Imma Delete They Asses

Really nervous about the American elections. Fingers crossed for Obama.

Happening now: President Obama speaks in Ohio about the choice in this election. RT so your friends can watch, too. htt

Obama sounding hoarse, like he was back stage shouting rap lines during the performance.

Obama Declares Disaster in New York, Long Island  for this and other reasons oboma should be in jail

Everyone be careful - Sources are telling voters to vote for Obama AND straight party tkt. This will cause vote not to be recorded!!

sure as hell aint votin for no one stupid enough to marry Ann Romney.

my fucking history teacher said she's voting for Romney and I wanted to stick my pencil in her neck

true but then again jay z is well respected in America anyway so if his backing Obama it's only right!

The only issue now will be convincing people who willfully don't believe in arithmetic that Obama's total is over 270.

if Romney wins, I wont be going to the Air Force

Jay-z just gave me life at the Obama rally in Ohio.

Another clueless Obama supporter calls conservative a COMMIE.

LOL . Romney will win by landslide . Obama is a total loser!

Why do I feel like people are gonna start blaming the illuminati if Mitt Romney wins?

Romney is Wack Rap (Best Romney Diss Ever):  via  VOTE  OBAMA    VOTE OBAMA   VOTE OBAMA    VOTE OBAMA!!!

couldn't vote for romney cuz he still ain't upload a video on worldstar naming 5 ramen noodle flavors

Who's running this show Bill Clinton, Obama

Obama said Me and Jay-z have daughters and Wives that are more popular than we are lol

Parallel lives  Jay-Z and Obama are really BFFs.

Romney rally Columbus - people filing in.

#Obama and #JayZ's bromance is the best thing in my life. 'We both have wives that are more popular than us'

that's great (: we'll see if Romney is elected.. the election is tomorrow

How I know #Obama is helping America move #Forward, I finally got a Job and have another interview! #theresjobsouttheregogetthem

2moro!! #ROCKTHEVOTE #TakeAStand Choose OBAMA Your only choice for a better future!! 2MORO NOV 6 shesothick

If Obama Dont Win Dis Moughfucca, Im Runnin Every Craccer I See Outta Sight #Watch

elections soon, if romney wins I think ima have to jump the border to canada.

It's not the riots after Romney wins I'm worried abt, it's the revolution i'll have 2 fight after Obama steals the election

Monday has sucked, but the next 4 years will be worse if Obama gets re-elected. #ChangeIsNeeded

I've just unfollowed Barak Obama. #fuckthestate

Kenyan witch doctor predicts election outcome: A Kenyan witch doctor, from Barack Obama's ancestral home predict

Bill Clinton speaking at my school tonight, Obama making a big push to secure PA.

said she voting for Romney, smh just shameful

A pimp's love is very different from that of a square. MT Jay-Z shot his brotherover jewelry. I want that on my side- Obama

How can people not see that Romney is not only a flipflopping liar but one that will send our freedom back by years?

This Jay-Z/Obama rally in Columbus is the literal approximation of what terrifies Tea Partiers about t

Im in so many tears at that picture of those kids spelling Romney's name wrong :'(((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((

your involved your a hero also. #Obama

if I were Romney, I would be seriously discouraging Trump's endorsement. Keep going!

Barrack Obama has jay-z at his rally! Couldn't imagine David Cameron having at his! #geezer

I wonder if anyone in Romney's camp has looked at the possibility of wining CA by giving tons of $$ toward Independents, swaying Obama votes

I'd vote for Obama if I could - I live in the UK. Want to swap him for David Cameron? . thought not!

FUCK ALL THE BULLSHIT..GO VOTE FOR BARACK OBAMA..NOT CUZ HE BLACK BUT BECAUSE HE THE ONLY ONE CARES..YES WE CAN (obama voice)

btw, we do have something in common - much bigger than obama-romney..Bron Bron and the HEAT

Obama sucks to me  Romney ain't that great either. But this world ain't perfect. What's Johnson's view? Haven't heard of him.

Apart from Clint Eastwood, which 'famous' person endorsed Romney? Obama has Bill Gates, Kerry W, Jay  Beyonce, Eva L, Scarlett L, Oprah etc

If ur not rich  Romney isn't a benefit.. if u are rich..I'm sure u hv loved ones who aren't.

Obama I Luv u  all, but Dang yall doing us dirty in NY right now, bring them army tanks out!!!!

That black chick right behind Obama in his campaign speech #LOLOLOL #sassy #daymade

Y'all mad cuz I bashed Romney. Obama sucks just as bad.

37% of his tax cuts for those on over $1m/year , and 62% cut of benefits: Romney's social justice at its finest

DemocraticSPACE PROJECTS OBAMA RE-ELECTION;POPULAR VOTE TOO CLOSE TO CALLDemocraticSPACE projects Barack

White people voten for Romney just cuz he white ---- haven't heard that n that's one that's true

Obama, Romney focus on swing states in late campaigning: President Barack Obama and Republican challenger Mitt R ht

My StepFather Looks Like a Congress Cuz He Gave More Publicity To The Obama's Campaign Than The Obama's Employer!

Romney is a MormonU.S is built off of Christian viewsAIN'T GUNNA WORK

When my brother was praying before we ate dinner yesterday, he was like 'and please let Romney win this election. AMEN.' HAHAHAHAHAHAHA

I don't want as US president to a person who thinks that native Americans were Jews. My support for Barack Obama! #Obama12

So where Obama kicking it at tomorrow? He bout to shut the city down

I'd bet money Obama Wins But it's happened before.

I don't live in the US but OBAMA ALL THE WAAAAAY!!! :)))

Romney needs to win Ohio, Florida, and Virginia to win. Apparently he has a 19.9% chance of winning all 3. Dont give h

Yuval Levin's superb essay on why Mitt Romney deserves to win. Please read.

Romney believes. It is sick that Yall should stand outside of an abortion clinic and see

Clear and Present Dangers . . . . Barack Obama vs. Mitt Romney

If Obama wins I'm leaving the country. If Romney wins I'm leaving the country. This isn't a political post, i just wa

if romney really wants to stop the production of lady products I will bleed all over his armani

Whitney Tilson Is So Certain Obama Will Win, He's Proposed A $25,000 Wager With Romney Supporters: Hedge fund ma

I'd rather you be president then Romney.

I like a couple of the markets. Obama 270-289 EVs at 7/2. Romney to win 2 or 3 from 7 Battlegrounds at 3s,5s.

On #Election2012 eve, has same prediction it did 9 months ago: Obama poised to win w/ 303 electoral votes:

Obama got Jay Z  Queen B, an illuminati couple endorsing him , he best be winning tomorrow !

If Romney wins I am moving to Mexico.! -.-

If the polling figures hold, Mitt Romney will become the 45th President of the United States  via

Phoebe's still waiting on a reply from Barack Obama though! #TalkToPhoebe

If Obama loses tomorrow night on twitter will be a catastrophe

Did y'all see Jay-Z go OFF with that Obama Flow?  LOLOLOL!!!  #IGot99Problems #ButMittAintOne

well they need to get it togather i luv obama

I don't know why but for some odd reason when people say they want to vote for anyone but Obama I think they are racis

I know you want that to happenbut watch Romney win tomorrowcan't wait to see the left eat a big heaping portion of crow.

If Romney wins tomorrow I'm going to kick off so hard and I don't even live in America.

re: the crowd booing at hearing romney's name: 'don't boo, vote! they can't hear you boo. they can hear you vote!' -- #ofa2012

I wish Obama was going to speak at our school and not this elizabeth warren bitch

Starting to worry about Romney. It can't happen, can it? #Obama2012

If Obama don't win im not going to school Wednesday

gwaf . QT vote Obama or ima fuck yo moma :) your choice lol

Obama winning in electorial votes 237 to 191 yeesss!!! #TeamObama

Watching Jay-Z perform for Obama in Ohio was cool, but it's nothing new. He should have had Jeezy on that stage!

Obama got this man i know it

What happened to FAIR  BALANCED, Romney rally YES, Obama rally NO. #p2

MITT ROMNEY DON'T CARE BOUT NOBODY BUT HIGH CLASS MFS HOW TF U GONE TAKE AWAY ABORTIONS BIRTH CONTROL COLLEGE FUNDS CH

I haven't seen anyone else say what I think is going on with Chris Christie.  I think he didn't want Romney to win

Mitt Romney tryna take away weave , rotfl!!!!

Dems voting 4 Romney,go ahead  take the free rides and food from OFA at the polls. Vote for Romney take a spot up and :) all the way home

lol please stop talking if the ONLY reason you like Obama is bc he's for abortion  gay rights.. it just proves how fucking ignorant you are

Obama's tweets are seriously nailing Romney. Me like.

If Yall Dont Vote For Obama Den Yall Wont Have Yall Foodstamps!!!

Finna go make sum Ramen Noodles, sumn Mitt Romney know NOTHING about #TeamObama

Everytime a republican calls my house about Mitt Romney, I curse them out lmao

has lofty assassination goals for his future child, Romney

How will Berman make himself the story tonight while interviewing Obama and Romney?

Obama moves to 50-47 lead over Romney Nationwide. GOTV

Too all those people saying team obama or team romney shut up! I bet you have no idea what they stand for. You just wanna sound cool.

yes that's true and that would mean the 1 million jobs he saved came from bush not Obama lol

Limuel Tsang was livid because 100000 black people vote Obama simply because he's black.

Romney has larger crowds and he is going to win. Good buy Obama

AMERICA! VOTE FOR OBAMA! Otherwise I will never get out of bed again, and that's a promise.

Ppl let's get these votes inteam Obama we need this man in office for another 4 years

President Obama, let's get on with the job in Damascus and Tehran. It is well overdue.

We go play hoop-- Obama Will Play Pickup Basketball Tomorrow

Polls show a dead heat. So why so many predictions of an Obama win? (and why is am so, so tense):

Ummm John McCain rally in PA only had 3,000 folks in 2008. Romney's had between 28,000 and 36,000. Not even close.

Live Streaming  and President Obama's Rally In Ohio #4MoreYears #MyPresidentIsBlack #TeamObama #VoteNov6

I thought this was a nice collage of Obama.!!!

McCall's Call: Market Recap - Romney Bounce? - Airline Stocks Rally - Market Holding Support   $SPY $XLU $FAA #ETF

i'm not voting but i think obama is the best canidate..

COMMON OHIO !!!!!! you can do it ! you can help save America ! VOTE VOTE VOTE ROMNEY !!!!

From great expectations to petty and small: See why President Obama doesn't have the record to run on:

Fox News Contributor Sally Kohn: Why I Am Voting For Barack Obama  #election2012

I'm voting for Obama tommorrow. Got some shit to say? Ill fck your day up.

My dad seems pretty confident about a Romney win tomorrow. Keeping our fingers crossed.

Romney up 5 in FL, up 1 in Iowa  #tcot #election2012

Sublimal message : OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA

awesome !! Tomorrow is the Big Day! Obama or Mitt

75% Latino support 4 #Obama. U have a right to yur opinion but the VAST majority of Latinos just don't agree w u

REUTERS POLL: The Race Is Dead Even, But Obama Is Crushing Mitt Romney : REUTERS POLL: The Race Is Dead Even,

don't forget about Romney's musical guest, THE MARSHALL TUCKER BAND #cantyousee

Cause of guys like Romney u can be a RICH kid/ he will give you a JOB /Obama's black unemployment rate = 20%

That Sounds Incredibly Ominous!!!Romney=Bush On Steroids. Death to Middle Class

God Forbid but if Mitt Romney wins I wonder how life will be. We might not even get lunch at skool no more..lol

So you're saying Obama likes jobs going to China and taxpayers should bail them out  though the jobs are in China?

All these ppl talking bout y'all not voting, y'all gon b the reason why u keep struggling and Obama gets put outta office #RealShit

'You can take a man out of Chicago, but u can't take Chicago out the man' - Obama's not playing today

It's a good thing the Romney cupcake is also chocolate :P #TeamCrumbs! #PoliticalCorrectness

For his last #Florida appearance, Romney appears with

Alaska,Utah,and Texas would leave you with just 47 Mr.Romney.wouldn't that be a bummer!

Damn they tryna do Obama dirty though. #ThatsThatShitIDontLike

Let me get this straight, Im supposed to vote Obama because some movie actor told me that I should? Would they do the same if roles reversed

what if Obama was white? I bet 85% of US would vote for him. lol

MT Ironic if #Romney ended up with 47% of the vote

Cincinnati OH: Watching the Pro-life protester being taken away by police; one will notice how empty the stadium is; how hollow Obama sounds

Please dont vote for Obama this man has turned his back on the tristate area typical celebrity camera hunter !

If mitt Romney win I volunteer as tribute for the next hunger games!

I added a video to a playlist  Bill Clinton's closing arguments for Obama's re-election

if you voted for Romney in the Simpsons they sent you ass to China LMAO

If obama wins tomorrow world is over

why would I do that? already voted for Romney #RomneyRyan2012

leaders, not LEADER. Say Obama,Romney,Biden,McCain, Cain. A system like that

Jay-Z is performing live at a rally for President Obama in Ohio right now. Livestream it here:

I kno yall goin to vote tomorrow #Obama

i dont see how someone can really vote for Romney. he's gonna make everyone dumb and ruin the ozone layer.

just remember how bad Obama has been for black employment. I'll leave you with what I started with

I feel like life is American Idol and Obama and Romney are the final two.

Like conservatives won't be rioting when Obama wins tomorrow. *sarcasm in case you missed it*

Cos i like Obama so i'm automatically against him

Fairly certain Romney is a cyberman of Doctor Who fame.

If Romney wins, I won't be at school on Wednesday, or for the rest of the year at that. Forever. Get it?

tht so true bruh plz base god let obama win lol

RT  .FloridaJayhawkCRACKHEAD CALLERS ON obama supporters brainwashed to facts!#florida #jewish #israel #democrats

If Romney Win Tommorow .. Im Gonna Cry! Like No Joke!

i've never known so many people to love a politician as much as barack obama

Just an observation, but if I can fit your entire house inside my garage, I don't think Mitt Romney is the right candidate for you.

to be honest, Louisiana is a republican state so the electoral college will vote Romney more than likely.

Surely Obama will not loose tomorrow, seriously pray he doesn't, don't want Bush the second.

If we ever find an equivalent Obama, or an equivalent Democrats (because let's face it, Labour aren't it right now) I will cry happy tears.

After Obama gets re-elected then I can redirect my focus back on George Zimmerman gettin found guilty.

I think that Obama is going to win this election .

I always love when Obama gets amped up towards the end of his speeches.

Mitt Romney will win and we all back both of u.

yea.even if its Obama its still them running it

I'm not Barack Obama fuck u

The 2012 election is the closest race in 76 years: As of Monday, President Obama has a very slim 0.4  #realestate

Obama or Romney, this has been a rubbish US election

GOTV in Iowa (IA) FINAL EV 11/05/12, Dems lead Reps 57% to 43% - Democratic Underground    VOTE #OBAMA

RT-Obama called Navy Seals in Pakistan, they killed Bin Laden. Navy Seals in Libya called O, he let them die. Remember t

Can you explain Romney's tax math? Can't get too political in only 140 chac but for those asking, I'm voting #RomneyRyan.

Unfollowed so many ppl during the political campaigns. I don't care about your Obama/Romney opinion. Let your vote talk that's why we do it!

Can you ask my boy Jay when he's gonna put Obama in a video please?  :-) :-) Thanks :-) :-)

Prez Obama out here sounding like Ray Lewis at the Beginning of Madden 13

Yeah I want Romney to win #Romney2012

How are we gonin act if Romney does become president ?

Let'see Romney - proven success. Obama - proven failure. Which shall I pick, oh me, oh my? I know. YAY OBAMA!!!!

My Mom and Trina are on they way to see Obama and they have VIP tickets! And I thought I was winning with my MMG ticket

Bruce Springsteen and  Jay Z campaigning for Hussein Obama. live stream began at 3:30 pm ET at

we gonna see OBAMA lol

Im thinking Romney might actually win

Let's be honest. Obama is going to win. I'm not even an Obama supporter and I know this.

too close to call mate think Romney is ahead though #ohdear

Really hope Obama wins tomorrow, he deserves it much more than Romney

If you work for FEMA, Game  Fish, PBS or Planned Parenthood brace yourself because Mitt Romney wants to defund you t

Obama psyops kick in - Early election results, via NBC  #tcot #RomneyRyan2012

how can someone not vote for a person that smart, knowledgable and inspiring! #Obama

Just remember, if you want a president who will make America strong again, vote #Romney. If you want America to be weak, vote #Obama.

My little sister made a JibJab of my dog and Obama lmao holy shit I can't stop laughing

haven't followed it much to be honest aha, just want to see the lengths Romney will go - 4 more yrs of Obama is just boring

Will #Obama trash the #WhiteHouse on the way out like #BillClinton did?

FUNNY! Chris Rock: Obama is Whiter Than Romney  via

#vote  Romney lol don't care but still want him to win

Mfs claiming Obama, yea that's cool, shidd fuck its great ! But do y'all have y'all voter registration card ???

I'll actually cry if Obama doesnt win the Presidential Election tomorrow!

shydd obama beddah stay his azz n da white house all day today foe he get assasinated dey out for em

Now, Romney is part of the 47% he's hated so much!!!

It very well could be President Romney. We shall see.

I ship Romney with a swift kick to the balls.

Mitt Romney needs to stop, he's embarrassing himself

Romney is so close minded. Barack is awesome. Nuff said. It you're entitled to your opinion and all that jazz obvs

I bet secretly votes for President Obama. #Obama2012 #tcot

My mums cousin lives in LA and I was like 'VOTE FOR OBAMA' yes!

Hey twitter, why the fuck are you promoting Romney on my feed?! You should know better!! SHAME ON YOU!

i heard tre was voting for mitt romney

I am voting for Obama because I earned my education through student loans  believe others should have the same opportunity!

so does that mean a vote for Romney is a vote for fat girls? I now understand your position. I will stick with the thin girls:)

The founding fathers say that Romney is a total putz!  Vote for Obama!  #RomneyRyanaredbags

Obama has Jay Z at his rally.. who Romney got? Tiesto?

obama is even working with people that have been trying to get him out of office just to figure out a way to help this country!

Bob Beckel  who are U?  We still know nothing about Obama. Except that he is a coward gave the order to STAND DOWN. Four American died.

Obama winning would not be the end of the word. The end of our country, yes, but not the end of the world.

And now Michelle Obama is telling me to vote on twitter. Leave me alone Michelle!!! Get here soon Nov 7th!!!

Romney liesRomney is inconsistent.And so how doyou guys know Romney isgoing to keepwhatever imaginary promise your thinking of

we gonna find out till 1 o clock in the morning when obama win

I Wish I Could Vote. Obama Would've Had My Vote .

Imagine if England had a prime minister like Obama! #amazing

in France !  we would let him move to France ;). DRUDGE_REPORT: Obama gets 80% support   #fb

While American Jews vote Democratic, Romney wins wide support among US voters in Israel

If Romney wins it will just finish me off

I cant believe it the final election tomrrow I go for Barack Obama all the way!!!!

ASK YOURSELF AMERICA, WILL YOU BE BETTER OFF IN 4 YEARS WITH MR. YES MAN ROMNEY IN OFFICE? THE ANSWER IS NO YOU WILL NOT!

Omg everybody pleasssssssseeee vote, tomorrow determines our future!!!!!!! #obama

Earth to Obama is not going to win North Carolina. Come on.

I think Obama will have a slight lead tomorrow morning on election day, until all the republicans get off work.

*phew* thought you were going to vote Romney or something.

If he wins tomorrow  Obama's Justice Department doesn't put some people jail for #GOPVoteShenanigans,the #Dems

He should..Has more in common with Herman Cain than Obama..Self made millionaire who treats women like sex objects. #Uncanny

Well played, Obama. Well played.

i Cant Wait Till Tomorrow So #Obama Can Get His Next 4 Years And #Romney Can Stfuu And Get A Lifee.

opportunities to live a better life despite my own personal circumstances. In my eyes a vote for #Obama is a vote for an e

If Mitt Romney wins this election I'll lose faith in humanity #Obama2012 retweet this!

Fashion World Backs Obama With Landslide of Donations  via

Nana just told the guy on TV to sit on it and rotate for talking bad about #Obama

Why doesn't the Obama Administration want our troops to vote?

An older black woman outside holding a Romney/Ryan sign, why?

If Romney Wins Florida , He Still Needs More Than That To Win The Presidency

If you support Obama you should just stop..reallyjust stop right now. #nobama

My country need a President like you Mr. Obama!

I'm tired of people acting like only black people vote for Obama, there is more than just black people who are democrats #IgnoranceIsBliss

` so romney has the lead over obama in florida

Set my clock back an hour today. Vote for Obama  you'll be setting your clock back to the Great Depression.  #WhyImN

the thought of mitt romney being behind the desk in the white house makes me feel sick.

The usa election are interesting.I've always liked the Obama camp, and Clinton after some kind people took me under their wing, in Duluth.

Mitt Romney is an absolute dick head #USelection #Obamatowin

She told me to look up the tuition for AT  I told her if Romney wins , it's gonna go up by the time I graduate.

If Obama don't win let's all move to Canada lol

If the fact that Obama isn't anti-women, anti-gay, or a COMPLETE puppet of Wall Street doesn't sway you, this should:

love that the world is watching this election! Go Obama!

#ElectionDay is the day i dnt vote because I'm an idiot and didn't register to vote in time though i had 3 years too #fml #Obama for #usa

Getting out of school tomorrow is the first good thing Obama has done for students.

Wearing those Obama pins and Ima be giving them out !

Obama wants to work with GOP he says in his last minute stump speeches. Hilarious! No one believes him, because he never has been willing.

and these same niggas complain cuz they can't find a Michelle to their Obama. Y'all are confuseddddddd

It's almost U.S. Election day. So who do you think is going to win: Obama or Romney?

Bands will make her dance.Food Stamps will make her twerk.If Mitt Romney becomes president.Them hoes will have to work.

Here's the ad I spoke of this morning. 160 Generals and Admirals have endorsed Mitt Romney asking everyone to

OBAMA GOT TO WIN CAUSE IF HE DON'T WE GONE BE CLEANING FOR THE WHITE PEOPLE AGAIN

Funny how ppl in Ohio knew Romney was lying.

Denver (CO) KCNC:  Barack Obama Makes Final Campaign Rally In Colorado . More #Obama #news -

Just the thought of Obama getting another term pisses me the hell off. Aren't our presidents supposed to help our country not ruin it #truth

Everyone vote Obama tomorrow !!!! Yeaaaa

Being run by mitt Romney , and that would be more destructive then hurricane sandy

oomf just said 'Fuck Barack Obama' - well fuck yo future as a black man too #unfollowing

ohhhh see if you said Romney I'd knew. Who names their child 'mitt' poor man

So Romney believes a dude found some gold plates  translated the word of god from them by staring at a stone in a hat. Aye Vote for him.

Nahh I'm defo Curtis or Tony. I still get very sad when Edgar dies. It's soooo close could really go either way. Obama ends

Everybody be tryin make this Obama vs romney a black/white thing.its really zeros, commas, and $ type a thing!

Please check out letter from Lou Pritchett if you are thinking about voting for Obama!

Ppl really wanna Romney to win ! Bullshit ?!

he's making himself look bad, he just doesn't want the tax burden on him. Romney's a pawn for those rich guys

Not even assed about America but that Romney looks like a twat #ElectObama

Some people just straight up said I ain't voting for Obama

I was a high school freshman when Barack Obama was elected the 1st time. Now Im a college freshman  he will be re-elected tomorrow.

never even been or have anything to do with America but I want obama as president

military people in the States know Romney is bad for the world too! There are too many voters that don't know this. :(

Pro-Obama super-PAC Local Voices drops 1.1 m on ad praising the president:  #source2012

Everybody Should Vote For Obama Tomorrow !!!! #TeamObama #KeepObamaInTheWhiteHouse

Dead at my friends saying that we all are gonna have to raise chickens and rabbits in our yard if Romney win.LMAO

#Sandra rescue not going well in NY, probably a good thing #Obama walked away #Election2012 #nyt #wsj #USA2012

Old white ladies are on the street corner with Obama signs!!!

Well, duh! Also, the respect he'd loose if he came down on Romney's side

Right wing tory IDS thinks romney has been receiving a bad press over here! Enough said, come on Obama.

ahhhh unlucky  can't get married in USA if Romney is there :

If Mitt Romney wins the election, I should flee the country and go live with one of you people in a different country!!! Lol!(:

Voting's tomorrow if you're 18 or older, go out  vote !!!!! #OBAMA

Obama-Romney Race In Swing State Florida: What To Look For On Election Night

I want to know why people are voting for Mitt Romney I just don't understand

We did a mock vote with 697 students in school today. Romney got 20 votes. #justsharing

Really hope Obama wins tomorrow even though I'm not an American! #Obama2012

Its romney signs EVERYWHERE OMG.

vote for obama or no foodstamps for yo momma

So far we have, 'Romney wins a swing state, have a shot of tequila.' Because if he keeps doing it, you're going to need to be pissed.

Americans and the Chick-Fil-A Effect  via yes we will quietly go to the polls  vote Romney! Victory!

I live in Lake County, Ohio  Romney signs out number Obama's signs 6 to 1. Lake County is behind Romeny

about cant u read Why not obama?

Voter turnout is key. Get out, get your family out to vote for Romney AND all Conservative candidates tomorrow! #lnyhbt #romneyryan2012

my 6 yr old is having voting day at school also she says she voting for mister obama

please get off my TL if you guys are going to fight over obama vs romney #youcantevenvote lmao

I reckon all the gay people should go and paint rainbows all over Mitt Romney's house.

If Obama Win Imma Live Life,  If Romney Win I'm Screaming Fuck The President But I'm Gone Live Life.!!

If I was American I would vote Obama supporting middle class people good on you man

Huge love going out to Obama

Hey youl just got out of school hope that man obama win

The devil is a lie of y'all think Romney is going to win the election. Tuh!

Ain't none of my promoter friends jump on a after OBAMA rally DrinksMingle happy hour.

I'm in the UK, but I'd vote Obama, for 2 (main) reasons: 1, I like his policies more, especially on equality + healthcare.

U aint team Obama if u don't vote for him tomar

It's sad that other Western countries are pushing the US to vote for Obama. They know what we need better than 1/2 our ow

obama and romney can eat a plat of shit.. #illuminati puppets

If #Obama wins the #election I'm going to the Bahamasif #Romney gets elected I'm going to the Bahamas. I just want

Why one of Obamas Billionaire supporters bailed out!

I personally just don't think I'd vote, if I had to it would be Obama purely because Romney cannot be trusted:)

I know, don't even know why people are voting for him, Obama has no competition!

you dirtball if you vote for Obama were not friends

If Romney is elected, the discussion will just be getting started. It'll be the end of the world as far as the Dems are concerned!

If romney win ill have to go England for school

I'm going to pretend I need to watch Apocalypse to prepare for the unlikely case Romney should win tomorrow. #askJossWhedon

If Obama dont win , its gone be a mf'n RIOT !

Good luck and God's speed tomorrow Mia. Praying for you, Romney and the country.

Yeah he should be president. WTF America? Mitt Romney Facing Ethics Complaint for Hiding Profits from Auto Bailouts

Personally I hope Obama stays in. I have a horrible feeling that creepy Romney bloke is going to win. Hope not. #notmycountrysoshouldbuttout

I know Hello Kitty would be a Damn Sight Better than Romney or any of the current RWNJ GOP Legislatures.OBAMA 2012.

It's funny, how I have no time 2 tweet Romney supporters w/ disrespectful tweets, but they seem 2 find the time 2 tweet them 2 me.

I wonder what Obama  Romney thinking about now .

#picstitch so I picked up they girls today with these onI say who y'all vote for? The said Obama duhhhhh!

Obama's Closing Argument: I promise, the change will happen this term!

People blowing up the doorbell and phone asking me if Im voting for Obama. #WhyYes #YesIAm

GUYS. IT IS NOT OBAMA'S FAULT THAT THIS COUNTRY IS FUCKED UP. It is George Bush's fault. He's the one who took a giant shit on this country.

Discussing Romney with a Christian American is fun.

Bout to go home. BTW vote for Obama!!!  #TeamObama

Of Obama loses I'm moving out of this country #forrealtho

Almost time to VOTE!!!!!  Let's get this over with and hopfully back on track.  We are ready . Goodbye Obama :-)

I'm taking my 5 year old.  They voted in school and he voted Obama cause he likes basketball

Mashable: Sassy Little Mitt Romney Mingles With Trick-or-Treaters [VIDEO]

Libertarian Johnson expects to impact Obama-Romney results in Ohio, Colorado - Washington Times

I'm not voting this year, if Romney wins I'm going str8 to Africa

Just drove past a ton of Romney supporters. I honked..  haha take that as you will bc I don't share my political opinions

if mitt Romney win I will move across seas.

why I'm not voting for him! Go Romney!

I'm so nervous for tomorrow.. Really hope Obama wins.. It affects my life unlike you people who vote for Romney just cause

Who Ever Those White People Were That Posted A Pic Of Obama Getting Hung ! You Are Real Ignorant For That I Swear Racism

President Obama and Jay-Z Live in Columbus, Ohio - President Obama makes the final push in his last campaign  a nons

I will always apologize for mitt romney.

Well the MSM says it's very close but Obama is protected to 307 electoral votes he only need 270

WAKE UP AMERICAVOTE FOR A MAN W/HONOR that DOES NOT LIE, pres barack obama is our president of CHOICE ! NOT THIS SAD IDIO

lol you wanna be Biden. I'm Bill and we need Obama

Umm did y'all know Romney is 65? 0.o

You should be able to go sleep safe in the knowledge Romney has lost by 1. 30am I reckon.

WISH IWAS OLD ENOUGH TO VOTE #OBAMA #OBAMA #OBAMA !!!

I feel like america would go downhill if mitt romney is president. Anyone else?

America, vote for Romney and get your country back. Vote for Obama and lose this country forever!!  #election #vote #ROMNEY2012 #GodHelpUs

if that all happens and Romney is elected I'm moving to Guernsey

Dear God, please don't let Mitt Romney win the US Election tomorrow. If that means Rylan has to win the X-factor I can live with it.

Team Obama? Team Romney? No.. Team who cares.

I need to have that TALK with my mama. I will be dropping out of school if romney is elected #SemiFact

I swear mitt Romney is a serious liar!

Obama tough foreign policy, Iran pulls back from nuclear bomb goal. #tcot #p2

Obama, because we need someone in office with balls enough to stand up to Big Energy and stand up for Gay Rights.

Wish I woulda voted before I left. #obama

All you niggas voting for romney were the same niggas whos great grand parents snitched on the other slaves tryna read

don't put all your faith in one man. bc neither romney or obama can save the freaking world.

if romney win im out moving back to ethiopia

Prayyyyying Obama wins tomorrow. Nic said that you need to listen to the political debates, do your own research and find your own opinion.

Passed a large mass of students in downtown Columbus holding Obama signs on drive home. Awesome to see so many students engaged in election!

The dentist gave my dad a $50 credit if he'd promise to vote for Romney. The fuck is wrong with the world?!

#Romney looks knackered. #Obama looks older.  You gotta have some spunk for this job. Clinton certainly did. #Sorry. #Cheapgag. #unfollow.

I really hope Obama wins for you guysif not you can come live in Australia ha.

Gallup, Rasmussen Show Romney Leading By A Point Nationally  #news #conservative

- drudge has link to story on internal romney polls- so are those polls the ones that are +6 on average?

Here's Bruce saying like it is about President Obama, in Madison WI this morning:     #Forward

RT tell every1 U know to vote 2morrow NC can b the first state to go for OBAMA n its CHECK MATE Romney is done. NC lets

everyone im friends with all my family and the entire population of my school want romeny for pres and im just 'obama y'all'

Which Romney do I voter for or will there be a different tomorrow. I remember 2008 and 2009. No way I'm voting for the same

If your voting for Romney Your a redneck.

if Romney wins tomorrow, i really feel for America.

how the fuck does Obama even have competition?! WHAT IS THIS BULLSHIT!? MR LONG LEGGED MAC DADDY SHOULD BE UNSTOPPABLE!!

My dad just told me I had to vote for Obama tomorrow. I already planned on it, but okay dad?

If Mitt Romney wins, look on the bright side. More Americans could join the women in binders #binderfullofhomosexuals #binderfullofminority

how much will it hurt financially if Romney wins ? Give us practical examples of how the penuary will make you suffer.

When these are Obama's policies why would you consider electing a man who wants to essentially deny women their rights

Election day is tomorrow. Sadly, the uneducated racists in our school voted 56% for Romney #SorryNotSorry

Think This A Joke, If Romney Win Tomorrow Im Leaving The Country ! #BackToBarbados!

#TheCEOpundit America's biggest tax break: Mitt Romney can't pay for his $5 trillion tax plan by capping itemize

Jay-Z - For President !  99 Problems But MITT Ain't One (Obama Rally)

For sure! :) It's looking better  better! Rasmussen said on Hannity that 10 days ago no way Romney win PA, now a good chance!

Dear Dems: Due to Hurricane Sandy the Presidential Election has been postponed until next Tuesday. U may vote for Obama then

I really feel it will affect Obama more. Romney will be solid. Stay calm and have faith. Okay?

Why Conservatives  Others Should Vote for Romney Instead of a 3rd Party Candidate

15 hours before the election WAPO decides to get hot on #Benghazi. To save their own skin now that Obama has lost. No dice, you're through.

on a serious note w h y would you ever vote Romney like i don't understand

its gon take more than 4 years to fix this country mane. if romney wins in the next 4yrs ppl gonna be saying he didnt do shit

If Romney wins the election Im not sure whether I will be laughing or crying..probably a mix of both

I agree! I saw a tweet from a girl yesterday who said she was voting for Obama just because Beyonce isTHAT is scary.

Just don't let Romney win.

Rats  sinking ships Dep't. Newt has written Romney off. Me, too.

Vote #Obama he's got a better agenda #

Always glad to have first lady Michelle Obama in Charlotte NC.

Got by a group outside the Library if I had voted for obama I didn't answer, I just glared at them insulted that they would even ask me

Trusting in God is what we all better do if Romney take office!

So, our American friends, is it Obama? or Mitt?

Obama or Romneyeitha way Ima hit tha top..

Yall Screaming Team Obama But Aint Get Yo Lame Ass Up And Vote, Yall Better GO Make A Change Before It Be A Riot

This election is not about Obama it's about your mama

obama I'd in control of the electoral map though.

We recognize that whether you have two dads or one mom what matters above all is the love we show one another - Not Romney #tcot #tlot #RINO

Lou Dobbs says Christie literally slobbered over Obama- the jokes just write themselves with that one

Huge day tomorrow. The US on a political knife edge has the rest of the world on tenterchocks. Come on Obama. #Forward  #bindersfullofwomen

Pres. Obama! Bc I am a woman. Bc i have gay friends who deserve equality. Bc I believe he is trying for us. #whyiamvoting

If Romney wins  tomorrow I think gang banging and killing should stop we gotta have eachothers back its us against Romney #salute

Obama Romney we are all screwed !

GO OBAMA! Romney is sooo Ratchet! XD

#newsnight #Obama looks like he's gonna win..I don't want #Romney but the party of Wall St is definitely gonna win. new workers party needed

really really hope Obama wins tomorrow, he and America really deserve it

Mo'Dye Mellowz Hello miss how are you? .well or good ?you vote? do not forget to vote Romney.il m'inspire Romneycomme Bush :-))

Even tho I'm not American vote Obama

It would be funny if Obama gave his victory speech in a durag with the cape out like fuck it

If Romney Is Elected He's Doing Away With Abortions. Meaning If Your Condom Happens To Break It's All Over

point out how badly Romney's tax plan doesn't add up

Photo: gayseal: afternoonsnoozebutton: Do you NEED any other reason to vote Obama/Biden 2012?

Just for fun, my prediction for tomorrow's election is an Obama win: 290-248.   via

I'm not American but I hope Obama wins the election!

Mitt Romney would be only the 2nd former Massachusetts governor to become president. Calvin Coolidge was the first.

Good luck Gov.Romney you have my vote saying and sending positive thoughts your way;-)

I'm voting for Barack Obama tomorrow and there is nothing anyone can do or say that is going to make me think otherwise. #ObamaBiden2012

obama has sold you out to wall street regardless of skin color

barack obama probly cares haha

To all our American friends, do the right thing #Obama

Obama just referred to Sandy as one of the worst storms of our lifetimewhich is why he's playing

Idk why some broke ass people are voting for Romney, bitch your ass is going to be more poor

I hope Obama grow some dreadlocks during his last term

Literally seen around 20 people tweet the exact same thing about how Obama will get an early lead tomorrow. STOP STEALING TWEETS.

Please vote for women's rights tomorrow..Obama 2012

Looks like Obama might win the electoral vote. (:

I want to vote for Ron Paul. But if feel like its my American duty to save America from Mitt Romney by voting for Obama.

My momma was on tv for working at the Romney campaign today!

#Looking #Forward to seeing the melt-down from the left as the Romney landslide starts #RomneyRyan2012

I would cancel all government policies that infringe on religious freedoms. I.e. Obama care and shut down most spending.

I don't get politics either I just like Obama and Mitt said he will reduce women's health stuff

fuck that nigga romney remember who killed osama bin laden my nigga obama

Obama should have an early lead tomorrow until all the republicans get off work. #RomneyRyan2012 #Winning #GettingYoked #YOLO #Yoked

Thank God/Obama for the Obamaphone! So nice to see yr union fighting for your rights, too. Biggest crock of BS there is

Just this: Why I'm voting for Barack Obama by

Vote Obama if; your a minority, gay, a woman, like lemon pepper, buy food stamps, watch tv, like bitches, like men,  bulls fan, for equality

Live Blog: Election 2012:  Mitt Romney and President Obama at campaign events. Photo by Vallery Jean/FilmMagic.

If you're a student  you're voting for Romney have fun being BROKE lololol

Libyan Attack Was A Botched Kidnapping Attempt Ordered By OBAMA!   This is a  Tea Baggers message Soci

If OBAMA Dont Win I swear My TL Gone Be LIVE ASF !  MAD ASF .

Shout out! Ft. Collins, CO for Obama:

If Obama lose I'm not smiling for 4 years

that makes perfect sense. obama is kill african women and children. what doesnt make sense about that?

Shame the rest of the world BBC News doesn't get to vote. - BBC poll: Rest of world favours Obama

#Obama hopefully wins, he seems much cooler

I HOPE OBAMA-SAMA-KUN WILL NOTICE ME!!!~ *japanese schoolgirl*omg i tell you what they'll do next- tumblr electional debate fandom

how many women are unemployed or underemployed since Obama took office?!  How many woman can't feed their kids?!

If mitt Romney win,  I'm going to get me a bottle of Paul Mason  a carton of newports tomorrow night #iaintlying

Obama supports women; Romney supports the men who rape them. #Obama2012

If Romney gets elected I'm going to stand on the roof of the townhall and headbutt pigeons to America to attack himNot that he's my problem

Just want to say that mitt Romney wants to cut funds to FEMA and other disaster funds. Where would we be right now wit

So twitter has took the Romney route, and is trying its best to silence the #CommonCourtesy efforts. Minimizing our supporters

I want Obama to win this election but I found this funny.

I hope socuz if Mitt Romney become president I'm a be fucked up in the head!!

BREAKING NEWS*~: Barack Obama has broken out of a long-running deadlock with Mitt Romney to a 50-47 percent

president Obama wins by a pretty good margin, carrying most of swing states

obama got 99 problems, mitt romney ain't one.

I met Obama and Romney today

Excited that I get to vote tomorrow! It was the younger generation that voted Obama in, now it's our turn to vote him o

I'm so fired up to vote tomorrow! I'd crawl over razor blades and then swim through rubbing alcohol to vote for Mitt Romney.

Yah O scrounges up Springsteen,  JayZ and the Marshall Tucker band. Romney- Kid Rock ! BOOM

If you're not voting #Obama tomorrow unfollow me ! #Seriously

Obama all the way God bless this country and keep it safe. #Election

if you thought you seen the struggle now you really gone see it if romney gets elected

Romney Surges In Polls, Following Promise To Personally Pay Entire Defense Budget | The Duffel Blog

I'm not even American and I know Obama will probably win but I feel a little bit tense From him still, he might not win!

No ones asked to see Romney's birth records

So Romney fought Obama? Romney got his shit FUCKED UP!

Just as many people are voting for Romney cause he's white as many people are voting for Obama cause he's blackJ

RT RT Romney's going to make it through this whole election w/out ever discussing Mormonism or releasing his tax returns.

If #Obama wins election promises to make Springsteen boss of something

Now, why is it that Southern whites feel so differently about Obama than whites in other areas of the country. Thinking  thinking

if romney wins, we gonna die this year.

Obama will get an early lead tomorrow. Then the Republicans will get off work and go vote.

Seven new voicemails about voting for Mitt Romney #frankly #idgaf

Romney is indecisive . nobody REALLY knows his plan .

#TheAgenda I agree, it's scary really, candidates like Mitt Romney should not be given power! :/

Im killing myself for u doing this  I voted! But not for Obama or Romney

In Florida, Romney Acolytes Knock on Doors, Beg for Votes - Daily Beast  #florida

Romney should win Don't want no US citizen to run this country again (Obama)

I know! Obama needs to win!! Xx

I still have American blood in me   shouldnt Obama be indicted for running for President  I think he should

I have faith in Obama Basedgod.

A vote for Obama is a vote for an Obama/Chavez ticket. Obama would like to be Chavez who he idolizes.

Retweet if you think Romney is going to win tomorrow Favorite if you think Obama is going to win tomorrow #TheElection

Well, virtually all of them fit Romney's target demographic of older, rich, white elitists.  His message resonates best w/ them.

Mitt Romney's plan raises taxes on millions of families by $2000. See what doing differently.

I gaurentee it's gon be a whole bunch of black ppl not goin out to vote tomarrow..n have no clue of how real shit will get if Romney win

Obama should win even he loses Florida. But I think he might get Florida despite their best efforts at cheating.

Everybody has to understand that the national poll may show a tie but the electoral college is what matters. Obama has a way better chance.

Realised that if Obama loses I will actually shed real tears. Think I'm taking this too seriously for a non-US citizen #GoObama

Vote4O! #Decision2012 OurVoice OurRights OurPresident-Leader #Obama MiddleClass+Poor+Students #WomenRights #GayRights #Medicare #Democrats

Oh my god Obama is draggggggggging

Obama: 86.3% Probability of Winning 307 Electoral Votes:  Is that enough?  Where's the Momentum Mitt?   #p2

I have to laugh at people who are 13 14 15 years old voicing their political opinion.. Can you even remember the president before Obama?

Eva longoria just called  said vote for Obama

Why does Ladbrokes give Obama an 81% chance of winning?

Alright, just got completely torn into by some 2 faced ignorant Republican Romney supporter for having an opinion on the election--

Either The Polls Are All Wrong, Or Mitt Romney Doesn't Really Have A Viable Path To Win The Ele

Romney also said that England was a pointless country and if it weren't for the channel we'd be occupied by Nazis.

Romney, As Reagan Did, Has It Right On Cutting Taxes

Melissa Joan Hart voting Mitt Romney. Someone should punch her in the ovaries because that's what will happen to women if

If obama losses this election, its going to disprove the whole  'if you go black you never go back' this could end badly.

lol Obama winning idc What you say

Romney's campaign just said he's up one in Ohio

Don't forget the WV Dems endorsed Barack Obama! #moreregulations #lesscoal

Gallup: Obama notches approval rating of 52% in final poll  #p2 #tcot #tlot || Also: +4 shift in head to head.

Anyone know of any watch parties tomorrow in LA/Orange county area?  Preference toward Obama

Obama . Cus Romney Is Ah Little Bitch And Is Full Of Shit .

I pray Obama win , But I jst got a strange feelin. . .!!

Y'all seen that fight Obama had ?

This woman at work is telling me she voting for mitt Romney.go right ahead sugar. I did early voting, and guess who got my vote.#TeamObama

I'm not saying Obama is perfect, but he's sure as hell better than Obama. Think about it America.

I love you Obama, but I'm really glad I added your emails to my spam filter because DAMN, boy.

FLORIDA LOVES MITT ROMNEY!  MITT FOR PRESIDENT!

You know Romney will be so nervous over the next 24 hours.. Then when he wins and it all hits him, he will be even more nervous

, My president is black , my twitter bird is blue, everybody vote obama , the fckk romney gonna do .

About that time to RT funny shit in Mitt Romney's mentions.

I live in PA.  Pollster just called and I said I am voting for Obama.  Haha!  Pad the numbers and make them think th

ima be in line with all Obama ppl

I am sick of hearing about the Election. Either way we are in a bad situation. But atleast Obama is for the poor  the women.

Dear #SAFC fans eligible to vote in the USA: voting for Romney basically makes you the equivalent of a Newcastle fan. #justsayin #obama2012

I swear.. every nigga in our school votes for Obama simply cuz he's black..

Bye guys! And REMEMBER TO VOTE OBAMA! #VoteObama #ObamaForPresident #insommaVOTATELOcasius #OFF

All thats left to do is VOTE!!! Romney/Ryan!!!!

Ima get beat the fuck up when I walk at the polls and someone asks me who I voted for and I tell that ass Romney

Lol yeah he is naw im playin im voting for Obama

If Romney wins, the first car I see out I will run outside naked and scream I love Obama. If Obama wins I will do it

If Romney gets elected I'm outta this country tbh.

With a margin error of 500% how can you expect people to still vote for you Obama?

the worst obama is better than the besr romney! VOTE OBAMA!!!

Making my vote count tomorrow morning ! #Obama

DID YOU KNOW: All the women in the Romney commercials came from a binder #didyouknow

I'm not saying abortion is a good thing or a bad thing. I'm saying its not the government's business whether I have one or not. #Obama

Don't know anything about Mitt Romney but always been behind #Obama I think he is a brilliant man

On the Romney-Ryan campaign bus w/Sen Rob Portman, Jack Nicklaus and Scott Hamilton (cont)

Mitt Romney is a right bellend, if Obama doesn't stay as president the americans not voting for him really are thick

IF YOU COULD VOTE WHO WOULD YOU VOTE FOR ? |RETWEET| FOR OBAMA AND |FAVORITE| FOR ROMNEY !

Everybody gonna act a pure fool when Obama wins tomorrow night.

Romney wants to stop funding for planned parenthood, cancer screenings, HIV screening  counseling.  contraception. #VoteObama

Mitt Romney should be called Fetch Romney because its never going to happen

My Obama supporting neighbors let their dogs crap in my yard  don't pick it up. They probably think its our yard for the common good.

My little brother and sister keeps screaming vote Obama and my mom is getting mad. Lmao smh

Don't wanna say it. But I think obama will win tomorrow#CallingItNow #PleaseSayImWrong

RNC debuts ad using Barack Obama's Campaign Ad - Touche' -  via

Hope Obama Win Election Tomorrow ! (:

Advantage Romney as the battle for White House enters into last few hours. See a detailed analysis of the trend

Lmbo Kiona said that if Romney win tomorrow she not coming to school

Was It Really 4 Years Ago Obama Made That Fly His Bitch? #Slaps #NoWay

I think this man that called me said he's with the Obama Russian campaign

please before you ever speak on politics and Obama Care, read a fucking article silly ass girl

I actually don't care who wins between Romney n Obama. Neither of them put bread on my table

mothafuckas talk about #Obama more than they talk about Christ !!

LIVE VIDEO: Watch Ricky Martin speak at Orlando campaign event; First Lady Michelle Obama expected shortly  #DecisionOn6

Hannity predicts Romney to take FLA, VA, OH, WI, IA and PA. #RomneyLandSlide is working. What can stop it? #Forward #Obama

Wall Street Pay Will Rise If Romney Wins via

People are saying Obama will win NH, PE, OH, IA, CO, and NV. despite the polls being close. How can this be?

It is incredibly clear to me that Obama is better for us than the opposition. I am more hopeful than

SO I hear that bookies are already paying out on bets that Obama will win. #bigMASSIVEphew

you mean by that you'll go vote for obama not romney??

there would be riots if Romney wins, but if Obama wins major disgust and frustration. Republicans are not as crazed as dems

If Romney wins I will shove my face in cake and then get ice cold water dumped all over me. #toocold #ohwell

I Waaaannna make an OBAMA shirt :)

REMEMBER! if you're voting for Obama you're supposed to go vote on WEDNESDAY!

#forward is trending. Why!!! Well its promoted but i just cant stand obama. Cant stand him!!!

milkgoat: voting for mitt romney is not the crime of the century This Is Actually Sort Of A Democracy!!!

Obama is gonna be in downtown today. Cops said there are snipers in the area. #hoodrich

My lil sista in here talking about Obama gone bet lol

Father Karras restrains Paul Ryan after he started molesting himself with a crucifix while Romney and capt howdy high f

my older brother used to support romney, which i can understand because romney in the 90's, gov and now are 3 diff ppl

obama is ending his term with an unemployment rate of 7.9%. tomorrow we get to fire this clown and actually see some real

Pretty scared about the prospect of Mitt Romney tbh.

Hope obama win or we fucked up

and we cant have another term with Obama

Now I'm going to go home and watch Obama win.

So after tomorrow, does that mean I won't be getting at least 10 emails from Pres Obama a day? I'll miss feeling so imp

Obama's foreign $$$ influencing anti-capitalism, pro-socialism, relaxed Islamic muslim ties STINK of TREASONOUS UNDERCURRENT IDEALS

US election has taken over canadian tv, but all I gotta say is if Romney wins say goodbye to womens rights!! #OBAMA #hope

If Romney wins I'm SPITTING ON EVERYBODY

I laugh at misinformed high school students who support mitt romney for no reason

Gary Johnson: Obama will win -  Endorsement? Or simply reality? 1 day left.#Obama2012

Most are also Obama supporters trying to convince my mom to not vote lol

I will eat my right arm if #Romney wins the election. #MarkMyWords #Autophagy

majority of Canadians want Obama to win?? yeah..sounds about right..#Hilary08

I think I would vote for Obama because he has more swag but Romney has got that cool uncle vibe. It's a tough choice #politics

obviously Barack Obama  I mean come on he killed Bin larden #ObamaForPresident

We paid more in taxes the year before Obama was elected than we are currently making. Thumbs down for his performance.

Obama voted for Partial Birth abortion three times! That's more than not perfect! That's murder.

OK this is when it's gunna annoy me that people think they know and understand a lot more than they do about Obama and Romney.

this lady just said she voted for Mitt Romney OH HOE YOU DISMISSED

If Obama wins I'm leaving he country. If Romney wins I'm leaving the country. Nothing to do with Politics,

Tax cheat Mitt Romney discovered to have falsified his name. Original name was Mitropanos Romnopoulos

lets face it, if romney wins tomorrow the album release/leakage is a compromise.

You on food stamps but yet saying I'm voting Romney !? #Killyourself

Not even American, but I love Obama.

If you can afford to just pick up and move because ur pissed about the election, ur probably already voting for Romney anyway.

Tbh I love Obama. Even if his initials are BO

Don't vote for Obama, cause you will lose your jobs and die.

And if your gay and your voting for Romney you are sad. Why would you vote for someone who doesn't accept who you are? Lov

My president is Barack Obama. Lets keep it that way. #Obama2012 #FORWARD

If you look at Mitt Romney voters, they are majority or all white. President Barack Obama has a mixed population of multiple races.

Don't vote for Obama. Don't vote for Romney. Vote for Bob because remember, a vote for Bob is a vote for Bob.

That little boy that walk around the school with those Mitt Romney buttons on

is STUNNED some voters lean toward Obama ~ tell me once more why this twit is on  ?

Saw someone tweet that they're moving to Canada if Obama wins.  No you're not, shut up

I know, allot of people I know hate him, few others hate Romney. Who knows could stay tied.

If you go to any Richmond county school you need to vote obama  stop acting like your high class !!! You broke just like the rest of us lol

I'm just saying if BILL CLINTON supporting OBAMA everybody in the world need to be going #Forward tomorrow in VOTING FOR OBAMA!

OBAMA SCREWING OVER THE ''MILITARY, THE PEOPLE THAT FIGHT FOR YOUR FREEDOM TO VOTE AND TO LIVE FREE HAVE NOT

Damn we gotta vote 2ma! Sittin on da toilet thkin bout da shit we will b in if Romney hit da white house! #Ironic

headed under Obama and know we need a change

feels rather sick at the thought of Romney getting in. Your lives depend on it #Vote

#ElectionDay Obama is the right choice , Obama is the ONLY choice

lets just say- if obama doesn't win i will be paying like 800+ every month without obamacare ugh i cant afford that! #obamacare

Apparently I missed phone calls from both Romney and Eastwood while at work. They left voice mails instead.

Romney Throws Quinceaera For Ann In Last-Minute Attempt To Get Hispanic Vote  via

Of course Romney gets the southern states. coughRACISTSTATEScough

When Romney heard of Nuns on the Bus. He thought they were tied to the Roof !

yea lets see if this barrack Obama clown gets lucky.

#Romney you lie down with DOGS and you get up with Tea Party Fleas ! And your covered in them ! Vote #OBAMA - #BIDEN !

I smell #OBAMA #Victory already.. Can you smell that?!?? :)#2012debate #2012election #president

If Obama doesn't win as president, all hell will break loose I'm positive.

The Polls Shift Toward Obama: The major presidential tracking polls are all moving in the same di  #smallbusiness

BuzzFeed Busted Again BenSmithing Romney---

Rescuing the pets left behind by Sandy - Reuters - Rescuing the pets left behind by SandyReutersSheila Bair: Obama t

Why is everyone in my calc class voting for Obama? The man is a fucking idiot!

I hope Obama win or else its gone be fucked up for everybody!!

obviously not but you and mom are and i swear to god, come home and say you voted for romney, ill punch you

I hate election time smh.. wat yall gon do if Obama win them gon be the last four year he can be President.. who yall gon vote for den

Romney, What in the name of Osama has Obama even done worth talking about

Lmao we had an election at my school today cause they feel we have a right to vote (this is true) Romney got 11 &am

Government has set up the polls so that if we pick all democrats first we won't be able to vote for Obama. Our leader for mass minorities

What Does Tomorrow's Election Mean for Turkey-US Relations?: American President Barack Obama and his challenger,

Good Luck Obama! FORWARD: 4 More years :-)

how did romney give you a tax break? Was he your governor at one point?

Hey Mitt Romney! I would appreciate if you would stop calling my house every five minutes

from a fan of yours in UK stop with the Obama chat! Would u have the same issue with birth if

Gave a BIG thumbs down.to all the people holding Obama signs out by street as we drove by! :p #RomneyRyan

Obama needs to get off my tv! #noonecares

VIRGINIA AND FLORIDA!!! VOTE ROMNEY FOR OUR CHILDREN'S FUTURE!!! #WeThePeople #RealChange

Everyone in America vote for Obama, please and thank you.

Obama knows the struggle so he's tryna help the middle class. Romney has never had to struggle so he ain't worried bout th

#Tea Party Americans remember Romney-Ryan are far from ideal to founding values.  But leap forward compared to Obama.  Keep pressure on!

Not even american and i want obama to go through

If you are voting for Obama, Press the button for Barack FIRST then all democrats. His vote won't be counted if you hit all democrats first.

#Romney #Obama This is not going to demoralize me:  I'm more fired up than ever! #forward #vote

I Think Everyone's Voteing Obama Just Cause He Black Again

As a Senator, Pres.Obama Voted against Aid for Hurricane Katrina Victims -  (via #sociablesite)

I don't see how you went from calling out RINOs back when McCain was running to supporting Romney who is clearly a progressive :(

If Romney wins the election you lot are right, the world is gonna end

Can't wait until tomorrow is over so the political ads stop. Also, if Romney wins, to see cry.

This DoD wouldn't help service(wo)men vote. They r majority unfriendly 2 Obama. 1000s in military don't get 2 vote:

By Nick ContompasisMitt Romney drew a crowd of 30,000 in Bucks County yesterday, a very nice northern suburb of

Soo if Obama dnt win the election. Where will yall be starting this riot? I need to kno so I can put 2getr a shopping list.

HERE IS THE PROOF: Obama Refused to Call Benghazi 'Terror,' CBS Covered Up  #college #sandy #wo

the good news is Obama can win without Ohio (VA and CO). Romney can't.

That Mitt Romney and Rick Scott campaigned in the town were Travon died is a SPIT in the face of every American of color. #JustSAYNO

my moma said she voted for romney __

well i voted fpr obama! so pple can get over it

Dear America. Please be aware that if you vote for Mitt Romney and he wins, you will have a president call Mittno one wants that!

Romney can't be president, i don't believe it yet he won't though

The Marshall Tucker Band is performing onstage at the Romney campaign's victory rally near the Port Columbus Airport.

PLEEAASSEEE AMERICA Don't elect Romney the rest of the world is terrified.  It's not just you that invested.  bush hurt us too

Obama is going to win.. ( i hope. )

Military Times survey===Active Duty, National Guard, and Military Reserve members support Romney over Obama by a two to one margin. #SOT

WAS TWEAKIN WIT MY LAPORTE HOMIES EARLIER HEAVY SAID HE VOTING FA ROMMEY HE TIRED OF OBAMA ASS LMAO FSE

Michelle Obama is a great public speaker!

Not even has Pennsylvania going for #Romney, Wishful thinking  #Obama

Obama said EDUCATION,  Romney said jobs!  Who wants a job? I don't I want a CAREER which involves EDUCATION #TeamObama

I think if Romney wins this election.. Maybe ill swim to Africa or something

If It Was My Desicion To Vote . I'd Pick None Cause Obama Illuminati , and Romney Just Be Lieing A Lot

Federal employee unions back Obama despite some disappointments:

Just voted for President Obama - for myself, my daughter(s) and in honor of my mom, who raised me pro-choice, pro-women, and proud of it.

As if Obama is gonna get beat. Don't be worried. I bet he's not. Bet he's sat at home with a right chilled bean right now like..

If We know Obama going win the election , why does romney keep talking , My Man please have a seat _/ and gtf cause you have no chance .

'I vetoed any bill that gave women choice' #Romney to radio host 2009. 800 vetoes. You have a choice now, ye who re

Investment advice: Buy stock in drug companies! If President Obama wins, blood pressure drugs will soar. If I win, antidepressants.

Just heard on the news that Obama got a slight advantage.Hell yea!!!!!!!!!

Obama is going to win the election right?

I really hope obama win 2marroe .

Election Day tomorrow, and Romney's up 2%.

President Obama and the girls - stolen from Cajun_peach TL.

Obama deserves no benefit from #SandyGate.Ppl of NJ and NY are victims of lack of

What Obama  Romney should do tomorrow: volunteer in NJ. Great idea from

not every black person is voting for Obama because he's black!

- Obama is in the LEAD in a few states (: Oh YEEEEEEEAAAAAAH !

Manchester N.Hampshire. Mitt  Anne Romney appear here post 11pm. imagine a Politician in UK filling an Arena in a small town at that time?

Mitt Romney kind of sounds like Buzz Lightyear

BBC poll: All countries prefer Obama to Romney -  - #USelections #USA #America

i'd vote for obama if he promised to deport taylor swift to a faraway, remote island

Sometimes I wish I was a Gringo .. Just so I can vote for Obama.. :)

You stfu you just RETWEETED team obama so how can you say stfu #killit

fingers crossed for Obama Romney seems like a total cuntbag

lmao yeaa mehn Obama best win!

VIDEO: A crucial election county gets the national spotlight: Mitt Romney visited Buck County, Pennsylvania whic

for everyone please see this link to know the real Romney

I'd love it if Obama ran the UK

Store near Obama rally mocks Secret Service

Obama's had his turn!!!! Only fair #Romney4President

Not to mention, the GOP in Congress who filibuster incessantly and vote No just to try to make Obama fail. Where is the bi-partisanship?

You choosin' Romney over Obama?   #LikeReallyForReal

I would vote for Obama too

ATTN if you are voting for MITT ROMNEY your voting date has been moved to November 7th.

If you have a vagina, you shouldn't be voting for mitt romney

RT RETWEET if you are voting for MITT ROMNEY! = #save #America

Election Day tomorrow! Hope everyone goes out and vote! #Obama #Elizabeth

Aside from Romney and Gillibrand the only other people I'm voting for are people who's name sound cool to me.

If you're voting Democrat tomorrow please make sure you've read this on voting for #OBAMA correctly, so it counts. http

yes girl! They're gonna be even hungrier if Romney wins.

Am i the only one that doesn't like Obama? Yeah? Okay.

If Obama is so great why are NYC folks still in the dark, sans food water etc?  Pathetic!

Katy and Obama, I'm proud of her!

So if Sandy was an act of God (not climate change) AND it's what cost Romney the election, what does that say of God's electoral preference?

Just walked past the crowd for the next Romney event. I'm not even in Ohio right now. #cantescapeelection

When Obama has Jay-Z rally for himhow dumb can you get.

i told the obama sign-holders outside the metro that i voted already  i don't know if they replied with GO VOTE AGAIN or DON'T VOTE AGAIN.

Went to an #Obama event this morning in Madison Wisconsin! Huge turnout! #vote

and if romney win im not doing no more homework cos i wont be going to college anyway!

wish I was american so I could vote obama yo

Wear red on Tuesday for Romney, Ryan, #Republicans, and Red states!

If you don't vote Obama tomorrow, I hope you're either rich, know for a fact you'll have a set job after school or are a male.

US twitter friends, if you're old enough, for the sake of this country, please go vote for OBAMA tomorrow.

Report: Saudis helped 'Muslim side' of Obama's Kenyan family go from 'rags to riches' -

What if Mitt Romney win, and makes the world a better place?

HAS ANYONE NOTICED THAT MITT ROMNEY DIDNT VIISIT ANY OF THE DEVASTATION SITES CAUSED BY SANDY? I SWEAR IF ANY OF h

Shut the f**** up what the hell you trying to do no matter what Obama will win

Obama got the bitches Romney done

There's really more Obama haters than Romney lovers. They want change but they want it now so this think changing it up now will fix it.

My mind on the election and the election on my mind Team Obama #Vote

I, know you'll win tomorrow. A lot of lies on Romney's side. Good luck and god bless.

Vote for Romney ! Vote for Romney ! Vote for Romney !

Obama vs. Romney . . . RETWEET for #TeamObama Keep scrolling for  #TeamRomney

the ignorant tweet I just saw about voting for obama .. Smh

Mitt Romney's Five Point Plan 1. To the left 2. Take it back now yall 3. Right foot let's stomp 4. Left foot let's stomp 5

My granny said if Romney president we might as well leave the country!  Lmfaooo

Vote Vote Vote!!! 4 Obama  via

romney in the lead o.O *starts packing for africa*

I would vote for Obama and not because he's black either

Compare Mitt Romneys  gifts to charity vs. anyone

Couldn't  agree more, as with a lot of Democrats, but you also have to be insane to support Romney  Republicans over either.

If you get raped, I hope you dont get prego b/c Romney say he aint hearing that shit.

MOCK ELECTION - Ore. high school students favor Obama: La Grande High School students support Presiden  #portland

Romney is just all of the annoying childhood friend meme's combined

Hey I'm just saying if the people ostensibly in charge of this thing don't seem to care, maybe Romney got the wrong impression.

I am a Christian  a Democrat, and I know God will not be mocked or exploited. Obama will win.

There Is Some Bout This Election I Dat Ain't Right. I Just Don't Get How People Blame Obama Fa Past Issues.!

Lol. The Romney bus in Monroe. Ohio is the other way guys!

Chicago:Tomorrow big day in Election America,i am supporter to be Barack Obama.

If someone says they like mitt Romney, I (in my head) say I hate them. #obamaalltheway! #Obama #dieinaholeromney

I'll also be really pissed off if it turns out Romney is changing votes So apparently that's happening. Good job Rommers, great one.

Handy Romney-based BC cost calculator.  [renna]

I predict Obama will win the election. That way I'm either right or happy.

AMERICA RESCUED PRESIDENT #OBAMA FROM EATING DOG #EDUCATED HIM NOW THE UNGREATFUL IS SAYING TO #AMERICANS THAT THE COUNTRY IS #RACIST #GOP

- i really hope obama win's cause black people need they food stamps , hell yall mean !!!

if romney gets in office, guess im dropping out of college cause i need financial aid.

If #Romney wins then all hope for the working man will be lost!

Latest Poll Shows Women's Vote Will Deliver Obama Victory: A new USA Today/Gallup poll released Monday reveals f

I didn't sign up for Youtube to see Barack Obama's face on every single ad.

If Romney win, niggas moving to Guana in this bitch !

I 3 Obama, please make the right decision America :) #americansvoteobama

Romney wanting to ban tampons and feminine products. K. How about you sit in your own blood for hours and then call me. #LikeReallyForReal

OMG! Michelle Obama's hair is so laid. I love that woman! #girlcrush #Obama2012 #florida

If Mitt Romney wins the election I swear I will be not 500% but 600% DONE

It's funny how some people who are in the middle and low class voting for Mitt Romney smh..

Election day for the Americans tomorrow. Go #Obama !

If Romney wins PV and loses the Mayans were right, world is doomed  there will be no 2016.

How am I a fool Obama is leading the polls in enough swing states to win he could lose Florida and Ohio and still winthe election

I'm so sick of #romney.  What a buffoon.  We tried that #reagan shit.  It didn't work.  Can't believe the race is so close.  #democrats

RT- WHATTA WE WANT?  OBAMA GONE!

Wait 2 days  you'll b able to get a good deal on Obama apparel.  If she's not in the 47% then prob a facial/massage would b better.

#BENGHAZIAttack Tried,Requests Denied, Americans died, Obama lied, Video Tied,Bodies Arrived,Father Cried;Truth Aside,

Just tweeting about Obama is doing shit , go out and vote if you actually want to support him

MORE REASON TO VOTE ROMNEY/RYAN: Jack Welch says Obama's proposed ozone regulations is trillion dollar bill

But if Romney is elected I'm scared he actually might deliver on some of what he's promised.

Sen Grassley reminds crowd of Benghazi and the limits of the Constitution which Obama ignores

Obama at Southern University. REMEMBER TOMORROW in the COTILLION BALLROOM ROCK YOUR VOTE!!!!! #teamsu jagin

For real gunna move out of the USA if Obama is in office again America will end smh

Obama moves to make the War on Terror permanent | Glenn Greenwald  via

AND I WOULD LIKE TO THANK OBAMA FOR BEING IN OFFICE WHILE THIS HAS HAPPENED.

So, how does everyone think Obama's gonna do in his second term?

wish michelle obama was on the ballot for tomorrow.my idol

Yes Vote Romney and B sure to use write in ballots. Some machines R rigged to vote O. Best wishes and luck to all tomorrow.

WOW Walked in the #Gym and saw a poll on #FOXNEWS !!!! that said #Obama got this all I gotta say it just throw it in the bag

Obama attends the christian denomination known as Church of Christ. Those churches are all over southern U.S. (Bigots r in denial)

and im not saying obama is the perfect president. hes far from it. but romney? come on hes the definition of an idiot.

Just remember what Obama stands fordo we really want to make that big ass mistake again America?

I'm not even American but I want Obama to be their president again

Latest Poll Shows Women's Vote Will Deliver Obama Victory: A new USA Today/Gallup poll releas  #professionalwoman

If Mitt Romney wins I'm moving back in with my parents.

All I have to say is FUCK Obama!!!

hope obama gets re elected to stay president #TopFella

I swear to fucking god if Romney wins this election. What kind of sick fuck would get rid of tampons, birth control,

Site Says Megaprayer Could Ensure Romney Win

That awkward moment when Romney's family lives in Mexico and practices polygamy. #wtf #weirdhistory

Wonders if Obama is reelected will white people call their black friends and say congratulations again? :P

If people actually vote for Romney tomorrow they are just twats.

Obama 2terms wish it was a life term

The Obama regime has purposely tried to keep the Military from voting. Pure evil. #tcot #forward

Majority of the white people in cecil county are voting romney racist bastards

my vote count because i have an oppinion like those people on tv has oppion . everyone  vote for barack obama.

Just called Obama supporter in OH who plans to spend tomorrow canvassing and getting souls to the polls. Feeling inspired.

Some Black People Are Seriously Voting For Romney Tho..? Okay Then!

Snoop Dogg Says Mitt Romney is a White Nigga  via

The diary of an ordinary kid #election2012 #obama #romney #political #view of a 6yr. old #girl #kid #diary #

On Wed after Romney is elected NateSilver will put Obama's chances to win at 95%. #p2 #tcot #Romney+1Nationally #Romney+2Ohio

Romney can get the fuck out !

I'm biased but I can't imagine standing in line for hours to vote for Romney. He is not inspiring. Zzzz rallies. #p2 #tcot #teaparty #ows

I am proud that Americans of all color are color blind when it comes to what Romney can and will do for our great country #tcot

I don't like the fact that Mitt Romney has a chance to be president. He's a doof

If Dick Romney wins tomorrow I will lose all faith in the Americans. I hope Obama wins by a landslide :)

(VIDEO) Monty Python - Political choreographer  Romney's coach? LOL GOP!

, the fact tht beyonce wrote a letter to obama

If you vote on typography alone, you MUST vote Obama. His campaign's design team slaughters Romney's.

I jus seen this dude said he gone vote for Romney  it kinda fucked up my whole mood.

I can't even vote and I'm worried about Romney being president.

Here's my election prediction: Romney wins with 53% of the PV, 300+ EV and GOP picks up 1 new senate seat. #RomneyRyan2012 #Hopeful

[new article] In Ohio, Polls Show Benefit of Auto Rescue to Obama

Can someone tell me why everyone hates Romney? I haven't followed this election at all. I literally know nothing

Fuck Romney and anybody that voted for him..

Listen I love my family and friends but I can't help it if they are dead wrong for voting for Obama. When this

If Obama doesn't win I think Kayne west should jump on stage and interrupt mitt Romney vmas style

Barack Obama just called my house phone n told me to vote for him.. You know I gotcha..

I don't think people understand that even if EVERY black person voted for Obama he still could lose. We're only 13% of the population.

NEVADA WE NEED YOUPLEASE.VOTE OBAMA/BIDEN

Let's be real..they're trying 2 put Romney in office bad.so many tricks goin on rite now

Lol!TooFunny Hey why would you support Romney?  Obama extended unemployment benefits - don't

We all got your back Obama. #ObamaNation

Obama campaign staff asked store to remove Secret Serv prostitute sign. Store refused ht

If you think #Obama's auto bailout was a success, ask any #Delphi worker. They lost everything the #UAW stole. Fair?#tcot #Ohio #MI

I voted for Obama in 2008.. Why would I switch up?? Thats my guy

People think because Obama's middle name is Hussein, he's a Muslim. Which is obviously evil because 9/11! It was all his fault!!

Cool interactive graph on what states Obama/Romney need to win. From

lol I put my vote in already #OBAMA

My nerves are on edge about this election a lot of idiots are voting for Romney just bcuz Obama is black smh

Forget about the Obama Phone I'm giving away rotary phones!!!

Really hope Obama win this tho !!

Lmao, now yall know damn well if Romney win yall broke asses aint going NO WHERE, lbs yall still gone in Ameica with the rest of us niggas!

How kimmie figure all felons vote for Obama??

MITT ROMNEY PLEASE STOP CALLING MY HOUSE!!

I'm against homosexuality, and same sex couples -Mitt Romney

On Obama policy there is China, with the borrowing and spending, and then there is Ahmadinejad who threatens us and Obama apologizes to him.

And now I fell into the trap of reading them too! She's voting Romney #ChildhoodRuined

#ObamaLogic You should worry more about what Romney does with his own money, than what I'm doing with yours.

If romney get n the white house???

Everyone's tweeting about Obama and Romney.. Vote Obama

My niggah if you was tweeting about the debate , you should be in that line voting for Obama #TeamObama

Obama after tomorrow, be upfront about Libya?  I bet $ that you won't and one time in my Life I'd love to be wrong. #tcot #teaparty #ar2

Tonight Jay Z stood with Obama. We are all told having millionaire backers is wrong. Obama must be evil just tories back by Ashcroft then?

Watching a program about Obama.. Actually quite interesting! Haha #bbc2

Obama vote for him tomorrow , he got my vote!

If Romney wins black people might shut down twitter

So all im doin is voting for obama n walkin the hell up outta der

They discussed the polls all based on 2008 dem turnout. Gallup came up with Rep. +1 they said Romney win big then. It'll be fine : )

Dispatch  NJ Private Citizens, Businesses Providing Aid in Government's Stead  OBAMA FAILS TO HELP HURRICANE VICTIMS

Okone final (simple) comparison as to where #Obama and #Romney stand on #energy  #environment issues:  via

My belief is the UN is the first place President Romney should cut tax dollars.

It really is awful, we should be past this by now. Obama was a forward-thinking move, Romney is 1000 steps back.

The real good thing about Romney loosing the election is that he lost some money on the way and with him many republican people.

Prediction:  Obama will have an early lead tomorrow because Romney supporters have to work.

Just bc youre black doesnt mean you should vote for Obama. How bout you look at statistics n how he hurt our country rather than improve it

who are you voting for? I want obama, FUCK ROMNEY WHITE ASS MOTHER FUCKIN BITCH MADE NIGGA i died after that lol

the Romney boys join #PSY in a chaotic rendition of #GangnamStyle as Santorum drags unwed mothers to face firing squad #RomneyDeathRally

Is Barack Obama related to Malcolm X?:  via

God please let Romney lose or else we going back to the real hood :-(

OBAMA 2012 VOTE LIKE YOUR 50 ACRES AND YOUR MULE DEPENDS ON IT

Vote Romney so hard all them dumbocrats wanna cry about it

If Romney wins gay people are FUCKED !

it's crazy that people watch the big bang theory/vote romney. at least it's all the same people.

Obama Supporter Interviews Herself - This is so hilarious! Love it! How dumb could you be to vote for Obama again???

give it a 1which in this case would be a Obama? I think people are gonna love it.

Election dat tomorrow # Team Obama

The day is upon us when editorial cartoonists learn whether they will have to draw Obama's ears or Romney's chin.

Shit. You might as well put Jay Z in office over Obama. At least that man can manage his money

but really Romney is for outsourcing , keep the business in America !!!!

didn't know you we're Anti American ! Anyone who supports Obama can't be an American ! Good bye !

Obama has got it though, don't worry guys. I have faith in the Americans

Okay, everyone saying that we'll be in slavery if Romney wins is stupid.

tomorrow i expect obama to take a early lead. untill all the republians get off work

Just had a long talk with Bill Clinton on the phone. It was pretty cool until mitt romney decided to call. Smh

not really, just Romney has more experience with small business and politics

im be mad if Obama lose this Election Tomorrow ..

5 Signs Romney Would Steer Us to Towards a Capitalist Dictatorship-Mitt's campaign showed contempt for democracy. htt

- ; You childish af . I am not fuckin' voting for Romney !! You's a muthafuckin' liaaaaar !

Mitt Romney has done great things but has never bragged about them.

how RUDE FUCK ROMNEY BITCH ASS IN RYAN

if you had to chose, what is the #1 reason you voted for Obama out of the many there are?

OBAMA!!!! FOR PRESIDENT.CATCH ME AT THE POLLS 2MA CASTING MY VOTE!!!

Well #Obama did say that the #debt was not a pressing concern. #election #RomneyRyan2012 #tcot

Romney ain't tryna give niggas food stamps or none of that. Yikes.

Just voted for Romney do I even need to explain what Americans should give Obama their vote? #obama

#romney Tomorrow is a new beginning, when Obama wins 4 more years lol

you need to speak to Romney and do a Doctor style 5 words worked for Harriet Jones.

you vote for Obama and I will personally come to your home and give you a foot massageToo bad for you Mitt!

Idk bout y'all but Romney got my vote  He promised me all the knew J's that drop for the next 3 years. That's when

I'm definitely giving Obama my vote tomorrow

ANYONE IS BETTER THAN OBAMA!!!So that makes Romney AMAZING!

I bet Obama was twerk team captain of his school.

Liars:It's a crime against humanity to actively deceive people to gain their support, but that is exactly what Obama  the Media are doing!

You mean the same Kroft that hid parts of the 60 min story to help Obama? Enough said.

Chris Matthews: Quoting Obama Is Racist, Slams Dinesh D'Souza's 'Twisted' Movi  #tcot #TeaParty #p2

I have a feeling that Romney is gonna win  If so then it's true , the world is ending .

Obama's confidence in declaring a blowout for himself tomorrow makes me nervous, like he's betting on fraud. #romneyryan2012 #election2012

DAUGHTERS FOR OBAMA:  via Sorry but I am tired of the disrespect the Libs send my way. I am more than a vagina!

Ok good question to grab ur attention #chooseyourameria give me one good reason to why ure voting for obama or romney..

I WILL BE VOTING BASED OFF WHO I THINK HAS THE BIGGER PENIS!!!! SORRY ROMNEY!!!

Knowing you like these!!  Obama's FORWARD! campaign --

FEMALES If You're Eligible To Vote , Vote Obama , Romney Taking Away REMY  Other Weaves ! Y'all Don't Want Tha

I'm gonna stand out at avoting spot when people come out im gonna ask who did you vote for and everyone that says Romney I'm gonna hit them

Obama has Springsteen on his side, Romney has Meatloaf. I think the choice is clear. #ObamaBiden2012

So we really gonna have a riot tomorrow if Obama lose ?? Then that would be really stupid.

Because, Obama has cleaned up bush's shit for the past 4 years, do you think that's easy? he's actually done a shit load more

I wonder if they call each other ahead of time to discuss who wears what color tie?Obama, Romney Make Final Appeals

Beyonce giving support to Barack Obama #ilovethiswoman #beyonce #beyhive #teambeyonce #barackobama #obama201

Obama wins tomorrow, I'm watching Fox News all WEEK! they're bound to let a racist comment slip if Mitt loses

I'm scared if Obama win because White people are crazy and they gonna wanna take his head off OSS.

The fix is in. NBC accidently publishes election results that show an Obama win.

Jay and Obama a good day indeed#obama #jay-z jayz

yall know obama is a globalist right?

Ignorant ass ROMNEY AND OBAMA tweets

Might be worth a drive to Houston! Ha!  Romney win means we all meet at Chick-fil-a! I'll buy

That boy Jay Z out campaigning wit Obama. Actually out, I got a new found respect for Jigga man.

my TL: relationships , obama , mitt can suck my left nut , i aint shaving my pussy this month , telling some hoe to sit down .

Bush had his term to fuck up our economy, Obama deserves more time to fix it.

Brit Hume:  The highly accurate gallup is polling at R+1.  If that is the turnout, it's all Romney.

Obama. In this world climate, this US election will defect us more than ever. Romney is a sociopath.

If #Romney Get Picked Ima Cus White People Out For The Rest of My Life ! Its Not Like I Dont Anyways .

I'm actually glad Obama is ahead of Romney. #ButIStillDon'tCare

I'm voting for Obama cause I heard that Romney is CHARGING FOR TWITTER!!!! What is this shit????

I will freaking die if Romney wins. I'll move out of the US #fuckyouromney

I'm going to be really angry if Mitt wins popular vote but loses electoral We need Ohio, Wisconsin, Colorado, etc to turn out for Romney!

(facepalm) Romney arrives in Columbus to the tune of 'Fanfare for the Common Man'. The irony - it burns.

----- Gonna be praying real hard tonight  tomorow that Obama wins..

I predict Obama will be leading until the Republicans get home from work #mittsthetits

And don't vote for Obama just because he's black! Do your homework! Obamas policies are far more essential to us than

Don't forget to vote! Remember, if you're voting for Romney, it's tomorrow. If you're voting for Obama, that's next Tu

My little niece: stop trying trickle down economics,cuz the 1st million attempts failed! Mitt Romney: let's give it anot

Raw should have a match tonight between Obama and Romney.  Only to have Lesnar run in dressed as Winston Churchill and h

Michelle Obama Tells Kids to Convince their Grandparents to Vote Obama  via

Our Military Want a REAL Commander-in-Chief. Here are Romney's Endorsements from Retired Military

Romney wants to ban instagram so we will get jobs. yes because pictures are stopping me from working yep YOU CRACKED THE

#people president vote Whenever im sad i cut myself. a piece of cake romney

and are going to Romney's rally tonight. What are you doing to help defeat the communist in office?

Can yall stop tweetin the SAME things about Romney n Obama? K thanks. Everybody's tweets sayin the same thing.

In a way that only she could do.  out today campaigning for #Obama ..GORGE

#chooseyouramerica why do you think Obama better than Romney? I agree, but why do you prefer him? xoxo Italian fan

not once Obama makes himself king and rules till death

Sorry if Anyone Is Offended by My #TeamObama Tweets, yet Everyone is Entitled to Their Opinion. Respect Obama  I'll Respect Romney. Simple.

When you go to vote for #Romney remember- we are people, not businesses.

Gary Johnson has my vote, fuck Romney and Obama.  #Johnson2012

I agree with some stuff Obama says  Mitt Romney, but Mitt Romney just don't look out for the middle class like

Y'all free government helpin hoes betta go vote 2maro or y'all goin 2 be fucced  dats word if Romney get dat chair

If you want Obama to win then good for you I respect that you're entitled to your opinion, BUT I WANT ROMNEY FOR PRESIDEN

Also, I won't tell someone who to vote. others are stop pushing your views on others! Your not better then someone who vote Romney or Obama!

I am loving the positive feedback tonight towards Gov. Romney. Lets bring that positive attitude into the voting booths tomorrow everybody!

My President is black, Romney's words are untrue, I'm moving to France if OBAMA don't get term number 2

In a 21-nation poll conducted by GlobeScan/PIPA for the BBC World Service, in 20 out of 21 countries voters would chose Obama. #Dem #GOP

Hope it's ok to tweet questions/comments..If Republicans do fight Obama again I think its important that we stay involved

I am not voting for Obama or Romney, I want to be part of the 5% that brings a legitimate 3rd party to debates in 2016

McCain reminded me of cocaine, and Romney reminds me of raunchy.

I Know Cause I Really Wanted To Vote . But I'm Still Praying That Obama Wins

I got a robo-call from the avuncular Gov. Jim Hunt today in Charlotte. He instructed me to vote a straight ticket. #obama #election

-- seriously though, if Obama gets re-elected were all screwed.

I Know One Thing . No Matter If Obama Wins Or Lose , Michelle Is ALWAYS Gonna Be By His Side !

OBAMA TO THE WORLD!!!!! NO WHITE MAN.. LMFAOOOOO

Thnx 2 all of u who are finally representing Obama on ur avi's since he's been my ONLY avi from the existence of my social networks! #OBAMA

Wishing I could vote for Obama! Canada loves you Mr. President! #election2012

Obama, Romney make last-minute pleas in close race - Chicago Tribune: Economic TimesObama, Romney make last-minute pleas in close rac

RFT Mitt Romney expects my parents to pay my whole way through college like they dont even buy me gum at wal mart

Obama likes blink-182 and AvA so if you're american and voting tomorrow make sure your vote goes out to good music t

Stephen Crowley, the master. Love how Romney caption buffers central feature, the citizen ignored.

Well, it's election eve. What are your predictions? Mine? Obama 303 EV; Romney 235 EV. Democrats keep the Senate, and almost take the House.

My president is black, my twitter is blue  what the fuck is romney gonna do?

one he works with is going Obama?? Black, white, Asian, Hispanicnot one of them are voting Obama! #dosomeresearch #bye #haveagoodnight

Obama didn't really do much for this country. I would like to see what Romney has in store.

Also if u believe #romney is a job creator I gotta bridge in my backyard I wanna sell you. Don't talkjust research bain capital. Ill wait

not everyone who votes Mitt Romney is racist, and not everyone who votes Obama is doing it just because he's black. let's

Fessler Manufacturing of Schuykill PA, Clothing maker, closed from Obama regulations 130 jobs gone.

im not american or anything. but this Romney guy seems like a total douchebag

if Obama was white, McCain would have won in 08 lol

I haven't seen a black person say they were voting for romney til just now when I got on facebook

URGENT-RETWEET--President Obama will be live on the Steve Harvey Morning Show Tues. Nov. 6 Election Day. We w

The gender gap closes, independent support for Obama craters, and they still talk about shrinking R demographic.

Seen a few of my followers at the polls today! S/O to them we suffered together for one cause #obama lol

Tomorrow is Election Day. Help us deliver a brighter future for all Americans and vote for Obama.:

My teacher pissed me off when he said he voted for mitt romney!!! Like really you jus told a class full of black students this!! #GetYoLife

hes better suited than romney in my opinion

If Romney Win I Might As Well Start Eatin Ass.

#whyObamashouldbepresident everytime romney speaks i want to punch his face #thereisaidit

You can't vote for Obama just because you're black, retarded fuck.

RTI think just the fact Obama is black people hate him. They don't even care what he stands for.

#thirdpartydebate live tonight  Like or Dont Like #Obama or #Romney? #3rdpartydebate #chooseyouramerica #nowthatsadebate

The country will be better off under Obama than Romney, that's not in question. But me? I'm still gonna be miserable no matter what.

#chooseyouramerica I'm voting Obama. I think he'll try to help the environment with clean energy. Your thoughts?

Blocking every Romney supporter in my mentions

#IfRomneyWin I have no choice but to be a DoeGirl (P.S. this will be deleted if Romney wins)

Obama gonna sign to Cash Money next week

3 Anti Obama commercials just came on

Made the mistake of asking my friend, an Obama supporter, if she was voting for Romney tomorrow. Now she won't shut up.

damn im really scared that romney might win.

Presidential election 2012: Sarah Palin endorses Romney and Ryan via Facebook #Cray #Who? #FallBack

that's not what I said ! I said u think u kno everything about Obama but u don't ? Not even similar

My president is black. My twitter is blue. I'm voting for Obama. The hell Romney gonna do?!

Hopes for an #Obama win tomoro wanna watch it all bus got to b up early :(  #isfeidirlinn ill be glued to #cnn onve im in from uni

These white ppl gotta chill out on Obama damn

I am not famous, overly rich, excessively poor, or otherwise notably worth listening to. But I do think re-electing Obama is important.

Everybody go out and vote for President Obama tomorrow!! #Obama #PresidentialElection #Vote #EveryVoteCounts

And to bring a child to starve into the world, or to kill him or abandon him/her is worse. Think about it #Obama

There's a chance, but I think Obama has a better chance, so crossing fingers!

Obama's drones armed to kill Americans

Nahhh ! Why you like romney :(

Who you pick for romney vs obama :P

u only wish he was ahead but we know different and Mitt Romney is way out front. +5 in Ohio. Vote vote.

Terri say your prayers tonight that nobama is out Romney in that's what we neeeeeeeed

I Got My Stuff Ready Just Incase Romney Wins Tomorrow !!!!!!

Doug McCaig reaches social member status for reportedly campaigning door to door in Ohio for Romney #Legend #RoleModel #DoYourPart

bro Obama will turn this into new work order Illuminati shit. We will be fucked government has so much power we cant fight um

I feel like Nate Silver's job is on the line as much as Obama's. #rootingforthemboth

If Romney wins have fun paying for college if you need financial aid. lucky that Im almost done. hopefully for all students sake, Obama wins

This is the kind of crap by Romney that scares the shit out of me. -- Is the GOP stealing Ohio?  via

END Obamacare and the recovery that starts as Romney is elected will grow faster than Employers can keep up; pay will go up 50%, as spending

My president is black and will stay black #VoteObama #Obama #obama2013

The one reason why Obama is better than Romney. Gay rights. you should be able to love who ever you want..

I actually like Michelle Obama. She is somebody yall females NEED to be looking up to. Not Rihanna , Nicki Minaj , Bey

4 years Ago Obama said:  via

Our Get Out The Vote Rally for Obama is tonight from 6-8pm at Molly Malone's Pub. Full bar, live music, great speakers! Please come by!!!

Powhatan and Cherokee people, Virginia Tribes, Lumbee Tribe, Assimilated Natives, all Tribal areas, Obama need our su

#Obama stops at a campaign office in Columbus on elex eve to thank volunteers and make calls

do you think #Romney has nightmares about the #47 State in Job creation when he was the leader?  #MassFailure

I'm voting for Obama and my dad is rly angry at me for my decision. how do i explain to him my reasoning?

Not a fan of Mitt Romney because his beliefs aren't in line with mine, but the Republican party could do worse. Cain. Santorum. Bachmann!

I dont see you single black person in Romney's Rally

I Will Be Up Bright And Early Ready To Vote #Obama!!

An Obama hater In class lmao I had to take a picture of this goofy #fuckhim #teamobama

OBAMA BETTER WIN OR I'M FUCKING DONE WITH AMERICA .

When people spout off about how much of a bad thing Romney wld be for this country, but then mentions how great Obama is, I'm always tempted

I am actually scared that Romney is going to become president

I don't think some people are actually voting for Romney because of him, I think they are voting for him to go again

I know in my heart you are the right man for the job.  I can't wait for the next four years with you Romney/Ryan!

You don't need to care about the election but so you realize how messed up your life going to get with Romney as presid

MITT ROMNEY WILL SAY AND DO ANYTHING TO BECOME PRESIDENT, NO MORALS, OR LOW LIMITS! No good quality

Romney has basically given up on NV. Latino turnout in CO could push Obama ahead there. NH will most likely go Obama too.

Oh, your from Warrington and you want Obama to win the election.. Please go ahead tell me one of his policy's and how it will effect you.

Rwandans think Obama has edge over Romney - The New Times Rwanda  via

As Barack Hussein Obama and Willard Mitt Romney compete to become the 45th POTUS, we count on America to do the right thing.

4 years ain't enough that's why we got college, that goes for Obama too, 4 years not enough to turn the USA around h

if Romney wins and this rumor of him making tampons illegal is true I'm moving.. to another country.

i hate when people be like black people only voting for Obama cause he black! that's ignorant af

Anybody going to the place where Obama gone b 2ma? I heard tix was like 5 stacks

lol all these people saying they'll leave the country if Obama gets elected.

Sick of seeing people say they're going to vote for Obama because he is 'good for mankind' or has 'good world policies' GTFO YOU MORON.

C'mon America, do something right for a change. #Obama

O B A M A Obama for your MAMAAAA

lol Obama has a twitter? how did i not know of this ?! maaa boiii

im already packing my bags just in case romney wins tomorrow where should I move to im thinking toronto

Yo If U Haven't Went Out  Did Early Voting Please GO OUT 2mrw  VOTE !!! #Obama

Romney's got something good in store

Romney doesn't even know his own plan. What makes you think you will. But vote for him. Once he's in office he'll let you know. #ignorance

but in all seriousness it has come down to doing the math now, Obama is a clear winner.

Cnt wait to vote though cause Romney win, Im NOT going to college..Ima become a certified pimp..pimp some hoes to make a living

McCain was hella old, Romney hella rich, who gonna run next, The Rock

#ThingsIHate when someone has 5000000000 Mitt Romney signs in their yard ik it's your opinion but damn one sign is enough to make me gag

I'm voting for Obama because he takes responsibility. #obama2012 #forward

Ppl that call Obama the anti-christ make me sick,dude dont know how to run a country but dont go throwin' out claims of biblical proportions

Calling all service men and women Sisters and brothers Save what we all gave an oath to defend vote Romney!

#obama your doing a great job out there and have done what you set out to do. Good luck to the best looking man in the running

#Tagg, little PUNK BRAT he is, wanted to punch #Obama like the rest of #America wants to smack the shit out of BullMitt. #Romneys = ASSHOLES

Must be noted: Romney has the much better short url. mi.tt vs OFA.BANot even a fair fight.

World Votes For Obama: No surprise coz they r not americans. glad we are not electing a world leader coz it is not gonna work.

I ain't that political though but Romney trying having Bush part 2 can't do that!!

If u r a woman, senior,minority,Christian, or just have a brain and a smidge of common sense, #vote #Obama.

Fuck mitt Romney and everyone tweeting about him for him

this is random but Obama is 30 minutes from me..jealous!? :)) lol xx

Pray that Romney wins tomorrow. We cannot give up hope even if they decide to try to cheat or tie everything up in the courts.

When Barack Obama wins tomorrow ima wear my 'Barack Obama Won!!' shirt that a bought way bak in 2008 :)

RP!!!!!!! Guys read this and make the right decision tomorrow!!! OBAMA!!!

I love how Obama got his inspiration from Bob the builder YES WE CAN!

I'm not gonna sit here and pretend I know all of Romney or Obama's policies and that's what makes me like Obama like everyone else does

Race will decide this vote mostly and it's sad .. Most whites for ROMNEY and mostly all blacks for OBAMA

Doubtful. Obama won't be getting my vote either.

OBAMA PLEASE WIN.. PLEASE PRETTY PLEASE!

My teacher say he voting Romney . -__-

Obama or Romney? Grandma: Please be Obama, PLEASE BE OBAMA!!!!!!! I'LL KILL SOMEONE IF IT'S ROMNEY! (literally, she's mean)

Hpw Obama broke battlefield Medevac: Sense of Events

Why in the world is Obama wearing a red tie and Romney wearing a blue tie?!?

See, I Think Obama will probably win. He'll lose VA, NC, FL,  probably CO, but he'll still get enough to get to 270

Barack Obama is used as a mannequin in China.

I disagree obama will get us back on track he is the better option. 4 years of romney is like bringing bush back fuck that!

If he do win , I should see a smile on every BODY mf  face except those ignorant hoes that voted for Romney

everything about mitt romney pisses me off, his head shape ,his hair ,how he stands ,how he talks, the way he thinks he ca

This Mitt Romney ad on tv just pissed me off

I'm bored I will tweet about Romney also. FUCK YOU YOUR GAHHBAGE

Tie.Goes to Congress. Senate=Biden VP. House deadlocks. Biden=Prez, picks Obama as Veep. Biden resigns. Obama makes him VP.

Sales of candidate masks have picked the winner since 2000  Mask sales show Romney as winner - JSOnline

My mom just said she's voting for Romney. Can you disown a parent?

On the kool while we all joking about this election I pray Obama wins cause if Romney wins he gone fucks us up nasty

If Mitt Romney wins this election.we are beyond fked.

im a 16 year old canadian girl  from what i see, youre gunna make a trainwreak of america kind sir. obama should take this one

lol! Im saving mine for an Obama win

Less than 24 hours till I get to fulfill my lifelong dream and make an educated vote towards the next president of the United States #Romney

these hoes gnna b Sick if  Romney wins tht means a Whole lot of kids gnna b born lol smh

My School Already Planning A Obama After Party lol

#WhyImNotVotingForObama because Obama hates puppies. And that totally effects our foreign policy, economy, legislature, and weather.

With the election tomorrow, I'm suddenly in the mood to make public my hate for Mitt Romney. #Obama #moveforward #notback

Fuck Obama, Fuck Romney,  Fuck your opinion. #sorrynotsorry

Don't forgetteam Romney wears Red shirts - team Obama wears blue shirts..

Part 1 - Okay, let me get this straight: Obama has Jay-Z tonight, getting his people pumped.  Another O supporter? Sandra Fluke

well in regards to the gay marriage. romney has said that it will be up to each state to decide their stance on gay marriage.

If you are black. and you not votin for obama, i dont know what the fuck you are doin with yo life i really dont (Katt wil

Barack Obama Played DIRTY bringing Jay-Z with him Hahahaha #flexin

I predict Obama gets an early lead tomorrow..Until the republicans get off work #RomneyRyan2012

Voting for Romney! Obama is a sad excuse as a president, especially when he watched navy seals die and then try to l

A lot more things need to happen in order for Romney to win.  Nt sure it will be ez for him. BO has an ezr path

If Romney Win I'm Slappin Everyone In FA At Maple I Swear -__-

Hov was really rapping at Obama campaign today Haaaa Greatness

I swear if Obama don't win Columbia going to have a ride awaken from my ass !!!!!

Every bad tweet i see about Mitt Romney tonight i will retweet it #excitesme

Shiddd, 46mil ppl on food stamps so my mom was like thats 46mil votes Obama got off top, lmaoo.

Tuesday Election Is The Last Chance For Voters To Stop ObamaCare -   #Obama #Romney

Candidates should back abortion care for military women: While it is clear that President Barack Obama and Mitt

I see why you're voting for Obama

I'd like to hear tomorrow that Obama is still president. Another 4 years baby

Im getting increasingly tired of this racism. Wake up and look at whats at stake. Being black isn't a reason Obama s

If Romney wins there's gonna be another civil war

obama will keep a good number of us home, but will fuck with my $$ and my soldiers needs. Sucks both ways

So I'm clear, If ur voting for Romney, neither u/ any loved ones are gay, students, women under 65, anyone over 65, making 200K Right?

Interessant Whitney Tilson To Investors: Bet You $25000 Obama Wins Tomorrow - Forbes

So I hear it's gonna be a riot tomorrow if Obama don't win Ion blame ppl for it shyd we ain't gone have shyt to lose t

I dont care how much of a nerd I sound like but Im actually really excited to vote tomorrow. #obama

Mitt Romney still married to his HS sweetheart. I respect him for that though.

President Obama should be referred to as PRESIDENT Obama, not just OBAMA. It's only out of respect.

20yr. Union Firefighter/Paramedic I'll be voting Romney tomorrow #decision2012 #election2012 #Romney2012

#VoteObama simply because if you think Romney in charge of the Free World is a good idea, then you need severe medical help!!

MF's A Believe Anything .! If I Said Romney Was My Babydaddy , Half Of Y'all A Start Calling Him A Predator #STFU ' #GOHD #TeamObama

Y'all gon mess up the economy even more electing Romney dusty ass !

Dumbass's who go around saying my president black bitch Obama ain't even black

Money should go to the people that need it not the rich, romney and bettman are the same

Tomorrow is the day we give Obama his three month eviction notice! #Romney2012 #govote

Paul Ryan is fine as shit  Even though he's Romney's running mate

Whoeva Vote Romney or voted for him fuck u as well RNS

If Mitt Romney wins this election I will be genuinely scared for the future of this country

gotta watch the results of the debate tomorrow while I'm at work of Romney win I'm gone fall out and cry Obama win I'm turnin up lol

All I see on my TL is fuck romney, and retweet for obama  stuff. Romney need to give up cause Obama got this, lmao

Before you vote for Romney read this smh

make sure yall vote Obama Tomar

Omg please if your 18 up please vote OBAMA :)

you all are so fucking stupid ad hell.Romney is not going to make any difference in helping this counrty. nether is obama.

If Other people around The World Could Vote in The US elections, Obama would surely beat That Romney Fool By Farr..

#Obama will have an early lead tomorrowuntil all the Republicans get off work. #vote

Anybody who even considers voting for Romney weak lieing ass, needs to really roll over and DIE!!!!

if youre voting for obama, consider yourself cool

Probably an Obama supporter ready to destroy rest of NYC

How tf did Mitt Romney lose his own state that he was the governor of?! That tells you right there Mr. #BarackObama needs to be president!

That said, has to win. Obama inspires in spite of his policies, Romney is a throw back to an all mouth, no action leader.

From Teri O'Brien Pre-Election Day Musings - How many of the people attending that Obama

I better not see yall complaining tomorrow if yall dont vote and Obama doesn't win

Obama didn't form this recession, he walked into it

Still in #China I'm glad I voted early but just can't turn away from the polls. My latest read:   #Obama

if Romney be a US president means disaster to the world.

I wouldn't even mind a republican president. It's Romney I got problems with. I can't believe they couldn't come up with a better nominee.

Oh what a sad man that Mr Obama is. Pretty much sums it up not that I'm a huge supporter of mitt but damn stop shitting in my dinner please

#Sandy is #Obama's #Katrina: #FEMA Response A Supply Chain #Disaster That Fuels Growing Anger of Victims  #Election2012

Really Romney gone do it just like that right 7 million jobs, and cut taxes back. Sure Thing #Obama Obama Obama

Obama proclaims that he is a Christian, he goes to Church.

You can tell about 95% of my followers are black people cause all I see is Obama all up and down my TL lol

we will see about that tomorrow romney is a wanker

Women who vote for romney bout dumb as hell he dgaf about your rights you dumb bitches

Would be awesome if some of my favorite bands weren't instructing ppl to vote Obama tmo. I'm not mad though, you can't help your stupidity.

I saw the funniest shirt ever today, it said too legit for mitt with a picture of Obama on it

Obama says he won't run for POTUS again, if he loses his secret plan is to run for King of Kenya, his home country!

Real World vs Romney World: Romney Destoyed Massachusetts Manufacturing:  -- Rick Santorum

Hope they all vote for Obama since it is an Obama rally I'm just saying (Photo Credit:

See EU and now thing of US. What Obama did for you ?

Mitt Romney for President. Let's make merica great again!

Tbh President Obama can't do shidd if Congress don't pass the bill ! So STFU saying he haven't done nothing ! It's the Congress fault !

Even Obama follows more than 6 thousand peepsso what's ur stress?

can't wait till this election is over , Obama this,  Romney that HALF OF Y'ALL AIN'T EVEN 18  THE OTHER HALF DIDN'T EVEN VOTE -_-

It breaks my heart that so many people are ignorant enough to vote for Romney tomorrow.  He's homophobic and against wom

Unless you have money up your ass, everyone should vote for Obama

Vote for the frat star duo Romney/Ryan Not that GDI

Obama could say he putting us on a cotton field  they wouldn't care cause he's black

I know that is what my mother said cause i got mad what the other President said about Obama

Obama Campaign to Supporters: Don't Panic Over Early Exit Polls  via Hmmm! Denial, 1st stage

Pitbull at the Obama rallythat's when you know.

Tomar Get Out There Nd Vote #Obama

Obama's plan to fix obesity : make grocery prices so high, can't nobody afford to eat.

If Mitt Romney wins , we might as well make Cheif Keef president

Just saw a great commercial by Obama. #impressive

If Romney win Ima turn into a fuckin hood terrorist!! Blow up shit set shit on fire hold up gas stations the whole 9 lol

I liked a video from  Mitt Romney Supports Racism

Midwest Firewall Crumbling?: With Wisconsin's own Paul Ryan as Romney's running mate, can the U.S.

But Obama is ok with people living off the government.

Huge rally for Romney 2hr early couldn't get in 10,000 seat stadium!Heard it on loudspkr/ spoke to us outside!Pics,vid 10pm

If teenagers like 15 and up could vote romney wouldn't have a chance

Bottom line - why should someone vote Obama?

Obama may not be an iPhone 5,  but he's worth standing in a line to get him in 4 years! #Obama

Counting down the hours until Obama isn't president anymore.

oh Obama didn't kill Bin Laden himself? Man I was tricked.

If NO one was to #Vote would someone be elected?Yep, the same one even if you did! #Obama #Romney #PaulRyan #Hitler

Not To Shatter Anyone Dreams But I Don't Believe #Obama Is Going To Win Again Just My Opinion Don't Shoot Me Down

I don't think mitt Romney gon get one. Vote in PGC or dc maybe maybe Moco but def not pg

I really want someone to call me to try and get me to vote for Romney so I can just laugh at them till they hang up

Great picture of them on the front page about this. Obama's looking left, mitt far right.The koch brothers don't b

SO Romney wants to ban tampons ? does he wants girl to just bleed all over ?

Who's voting for Obama because they listen to the radio?

damn my professor said if youre voting for romney raise your hand almost everyone raised there hand lmao they all want that good grade haha

Please Vote everybody . Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote Vote!!!! Voting is the Great Equaliser!! # OBAMA  #FOURMOREYEARS!!!

'twas the night before the election and all though the house, Obama and Romney ads rang though the house..

Union members steal Romney signs: Four men caught stealing Romney/Ryan signs.  #toledo

Lord, I'm so emotionally invested in a Romney win. Pleassssse!!! #RomneyRyan2012

I swear to bob that I will move to Canada this time if Romney wins. Who's with me?

I encourage all of my followers to vote tomorrow #Obama #2012 #IMVOTING :-)

Election is tomorrow and honestly I couldn't give a flying fuck! Neither candidates catch my interest at all. BUT I'm not voting Romney.

I want Romney to winJust kidding.

Are nervous about tomorrow? I don't know what I'm going to do if Romney wins. I may move to Canada or England!

Dear Obama, make sure you fabeeze the White House Mitt doesn't want it smelling like you when he moves in..

You think Putin would let us port in Russia anywhere near a base like Kings Bay, NO! Obama sink that Russian Submarine!

Peggy Noonan sez Romney will win. George Will sez Romney will win. If they're right they're geniuses; what's the penalty if they're wrong?

Romney is actually Miranda cosgroves dad

If you hoes can wake up and put make up on ya face for Instagram then ya la ugly glass can wake up and vote for OBAMA!!

The best #Romney can do is send a can of soup to the people hurt by Sandy but can spend billions running down our President. What a scumbag!

Obama. Romney. The time has come for you to lip-sync for your LIFE. Good luck, and don't fuck it up!

#TEAM FLINT TOWN , OBAMA WE REALLY NEED UH!

RT IF YOU THINK BLACKS SHOULDN'T VOTE FOR OBAMA

he was like my boyyt mitt Romney get with it or get lost i said ctfuu ! STOP playing he said sike nawhh barrack obama

Like 2000, President Obama could possibly lose the popular vote but still win the election

lol i forgot there were other canidates than obama  romney

Stop calling my house Romney!! And let me listen to Pandora Obama!!

3 pro mitt Romney commercials in a row, ready for the election so I can stop watching these attack ads

Bitch get yo broke ass off my TVs and go get a job u ain't have shit before Obama was in office cause u lazy hoe it's not the president

If Mitt Romney is elected president I'm moving to Switzerland. Y'all down?

Photo: barackobama: President Obama has saved the typical middle-class family $3,600 in taxes. Compare what

I heard Romney will be banning tampons. How accurate is this?

Dear Gov Romney,  You're almost there. Not only do I support you, but over the months I've really gotten to LIKE you.  God Bless

A 10-year-old girl writes a heartfelt letter to President Obama about her 2 dads. He responds.

We know all we need to know about Romney and is why we are electing him!

I love Obama. I'm so ready for this election tomorrow

We wanna move #Forward team #obama all the way !

White people voting for Romney makes us racist, black people voting for Obama makes them the same so don't come to someone with that b.s.

Lmao All I See On My TL Is FUCK ROMNEY

Just Wanna Let All The Romney Voters When you put that slip in the Slot hole it's going to A Shredder basically your vote dosent Count

going around screamn team romney can get yo ass shot.

if Romney wins i might just cry , lmfao. seriously though im really gonna cry.

yall make sure to vote Obama back in office tomorrow.. #EveryVoteCounts

Ironic that the predominate message throughout the 4 billion Romney ads that have been forced on me this past week is re: wasteful spending

did he just say he voted for romney???

President Obama feels the lower class and middle class families pain. Mitt Romney doesn't because he has never been neither.

I voted for Romney today.. See u niggers at the end.. Lmao!!!

its more saying the blacks and ppl who vote for Obama don't work bc they're on welfare and such

President Obama feels the lower class and middle class families pain. Mitt Romney doesn't because he has never been ne

Romney got this. Hope he wins.

Juntos is like the official Romney team word for Hispanic outreach. Check #juntosconromney hashtag.

Willard mittens Romney 2012. Oh yeah did you that was his name

Vote Vote Vote  people died for you to have this opportunity #Team Obama !

if obama wins, our country loses. Yeah, I lower-cased his name. He gets no respect from me, president or not. #Ba-Zing!

People that complain about Obama are either elitist or people that aren't self sufficient!

the bext fucker to TELL me who to vote forim for im fucking all yal over an vting for romney.

Pick Your Constitutional Poison #Obama and #MittRomney share a disdain for civil liberties.  #Libertarian

VOTE OBAMA#Chris Rock Message For White Voters

RT Obama has to win. He has to.

Romney is such an asshole!!! I do not understand how people would want such a thing running our country.. HE'S MEAA

i love how  is posting about what's going on and to help support him. While Mitt Romney is only saying what Obama did wrong -_-

If ya dont get it by now Romney wants 2 weaken the African American race as if we not already the minority who need

If Obama gets president again we are all going to die. #butreally

OBAMA GOTTA GET THAT JOB.they didnt want blackz wit that job. Lets get out here..

Traders Bet on Romney Stocks as Election Nears:

#PoliticalFolkTale Romney Hood, the story of a man who steals from the poor and gives to the rich, loosely based on the original Robin Hood

Disgusting: Planned Parenthood ad uses young girls to shill for pro-abortion Obama  via

Either The Polls Are All Wrong, Or #Mitt Romney Doesn't Really Have A Viable Path To Win The Election

i swear if Romney win im doin everything in my power to kill dat nigga !!!! lol

Wow, the anti-Obama people are really coming out tonight on FB.

Fr. Z's Blog: For you pro-Obama Catholics, something to consider before voting   #Catholic

not being a dick but do you think everyone who smokes pot is a scumbag? well romney does.

#LGBT pay attention! Romney Adviser Backed Outlawing Homosexuality and Abortion in Africa  via

If you don't vote for Obama you're a racist #plainandsimple

Come on #America, you want to see change? Give #Obama four more years with a democratic majority in both houses and

The World Already Fucked Wtf Romney Gone Do?

I was leaning toward Obama, but this insanely racist email forward from my uncle makes a lot of good points.

Wake up Ohio. Better yet wake up tomorrow morning and realize how shitty your lives are under Obama.

Obama will win because he believes in the American people and they will back him through pure strength.

BLACKS FOR OBAMA. WHITES FOR OBAMA. LATINOS FOR OBAMA. WOMEN FOR OBAMA. STUDENTS FOR OBAMA. GAYS FOR OBAMA. EVERYBOD

obama can't cause of filibusters, if romney wins you gon see a lot of bad bruh

I vote tomorro for the first time . YESS #OBAMA

If your gay vote for Romney! Like. This motherfuckas name is mitt

People who vote Obama obviously have been in a coma for the past four years.

I think I'm the only one that wants #Obama to win but already knows that #Romney is going to win.

Will The Real Mitt Romney Please Stand Up (feat. Eminem):  via this is so immature but hilarious lib or cons

seriously lovin this hate towards obama so much #youdontwin

Obama's new ideas, those goldie-oldies: progressive path to communism.  America, we're better than that!#Vote for Mitt Romney.  Experience

I'm going rebaptize the Romney campaign after the President hits 270! #planetKolob

better yet thank obama you have healthcare as you stand outside for 6-7 hrs to vote in freezing cold as gop suppression tactic

Jus seen like 10 Romney commercials in a row.. Sumn ain't rite

Obama is a wonderful person. Italy also would need an Obama. the world would need an Obama.

I honestly don't get all this political stuff, but I want Obama to win. Romney looks and sounds like douche. #Obama

Mitt Romney can't even name a flavor of Ramen noodles. He don't know #TheStruggle !

Christie rejected Romney rally request. - Just call him Governor Bad Ass.

fired up and voting for Romney-sorry BHO

remember that time when Obama is gonna win tomorrow same

im not saying Obama is le perfect president but he's head over heels a better candidate than that stuck-up, condescending, egotistical prick

You want to see us do better? Stop waiting on Obama and raise your kids.

Mitt Romney doesnt care that his ideas include feeding granny doggie biscuits  placing her in a kennel to afford mor

If you want to live  eat WELL  choose your politicians ( OBAMA ) wisely.

If you look at the actual facts from govn't itself you will realize obama just made economy a lot worse!

obama campaign PAID to promote.  Romney doesn't have to pay. We're winning.

Vote obama these ball headed hoes need they tracks

Absolutely a new low in advertising.  pro Obama ad uses little girls to promote pro abortion agenda. END THIS MADNESS

Yo real shit if obama was white and a republican he'd get shit done. Too bad he's black and a democrat. Could be worse, he could be a woman.

Think we should have a Obama Brunch in the Morning :)

#WeWill with because lets be real Obama and Darren are bros alright so yeah VOTE!!!!!!!!!!!!

Mitt Romney reminds Me of how the royalty acted in France before the French Revolution. They mistreated people,

I GET IT NOW! I was like..Obama? Baha #IDidntEither

#LRT romney was a democrat when he was governor of massachusetts ..

say you voted for Romney an you lose followers

The last four years under Obama have been really difficult but let me show you this video on my fucking iPad.

Obama About Further Education So We Can Get A Job

Plz flw Will Ferrell 'Will Do Anything' for Your Obama Vote - Want a pasta dinner  #BarackObama

Raw Story: 99 year old woman casts her first-ever ballot for Obama:

Barack Obama! Not because he's black . Not because he's democratic. But because he has a plan that everyone can benefit o

lol obama got this u Americans are nuts for even making romney come so close

Can anyone tell me who you want to win the election? I'm on Obama side

NEW ON CNN: Gibbs: McCain's assessment of veterans support for Obama 'shameful': (CNN) - Sen. John McCain's comm

Boy can you see defeat in the Romney's look. That's the most accurate poll.

Me And Obama's Birthday Is On The Same Day #RandomButTrue.

My dad just told me he is voting for Romney. I'm moving out.

Last chance to change this country obama is trying to bring America to It's knees. Lower paying jobs more taxes. PLEA

Idk what dumb ass would make a WildcatsforRomney  twitter then follow me! Boy I don't fuck wit Romney I had

Obama will surely win the 2012 Election..# Obama/Biden2012#

President Obama on Election Eve: Bruce Springstein highlighted thedisparity in wealth among Americans today, say

If Romney gets in office lil Wayne will have worris

Color dont matter to me if i thought romney is who we need i would say that but hes not he dont gaf bout the middle class

I don't give a fuck about politics but if Romney wins I'm gonna be tight #obama

S/O to Romney when he's gonna become president tommorow !

I like how kids are all like MITT ROMNEY! OBOMA! They don't know hat their talking about. They just say that cuz they hear their parents. No

And that's exactly what's gonna happen if you vote Romney for president. #BacktoSlavery smh

It is Election Day Eve!!! Please say you've sent in your ballot!! Tomorrow is the end of the ads!!!! Please vote! #Approve74 #Obama #Inslee

I want to punch Romney in the face, that being said, I do think he's a good bid for president. #lol #jk Romney's a bitch.

Democratic Voters!!! Make sure you select Obama individually not All Democrat Bc Obama is not included in that selection!

Voting day 2ma. I pray Obama Win Muthafuker who voting For Romney Needs To take These Last few Hours to really

If Romney wins I will be more then convinced that it was fixed. Just being honest.

PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA WILL PREVAIL!! KEEP FIGHTING DEMOCRATS! KEEP FIGHTING!! #VOTE4OBAMA #EDSHOW

A new beginning for America tomorrow. Mitt Romney is going to make a great president.

Team Romney vs Team Obama sports plays politics.

Romney Sleight of Hand Cheating Slow Mo/Close UP (Original):  via

duuude she is gonna be pissed when obama wins

Barack Obama is for the people, Mitt Romney is for the MONEY

Obama won't need a teleprompter tomorrow night to read his concession speech because it's only 2 words. 'Romney bulls***.'

#AntiqueGOP not going to blast us girls back to Leave It To Beaver! Gonna be a Pussy Riot tomorrow and shut this whole thing down! OBAMA!

Honestly scared of what's to come in this country if Obama wins

most fo my followers don't even know if obama is the democrat or republican ..

lol haha .. iTold you ..Voting for obama has a cost

If i don't vote and Romney wins ima be so mad at myself like that one vote could change everything

#Forward, I dont rely on entertainers to tell me how to vote, get a voice and vote #Romney

Disaster, cold, no homes, shock. Hope ppl remember who said that Obama moved too quickly after #Sandy. #Romneycare4no1buthimself

Finna send Lil Jeff  tony to Walmart to find me a Obama shirt

I promise that you can suck my balls Mr.Romney

The GOP already have their excuse for Romney's loss tomorrow; SANDY!

If you are standing in line for 3,4,5 hours to #vote just think about what 4 more yrs of #Obama  8 yrs of #Hilla

You have done your part Sean for 5-6 yrs to show the ppl the true Obama.

prediction: Obama 303-225 (winning CO IA OH VA NH)

It would really be a show of America's greatness if despite an overwhelmingly liberal culture, Romney still won the presidency.

seriously?!? I dont remember all that crap even for Obama when he was here! Heavy security but thats about it

I want to see Obama and Romney fight. Wheres dem handz at??

I think Obama will take an early lead tomorrow, then the republicans will get off work. #RomneyRyan2012

For non bettors/gamblers/degenerates, that last tweet means Obama has a 75% chance of 4 more years. Romney is a huge dog.

I have seen that Obama joke about taking an early lead 15 times and it's still not funny.

i should tell why to vote for Obama.

Muslim, socialist, and Kenyan, oh my! Have Obama Conspiracy Theories Lost Traction?  via

to all of ya'll who assume people will cast enough votes for president obama still need to get out and vote. enough is never enough.

Okay i'm not following Obama, why am I seeing his tweets? wtf

i'm actually so nervous for tomorrow i don't want romney to win

Romney will win. Get used to the idea.

Obama is a proper cool guy, but he's broken so many promises. Still, Mitt Romney is a top class douche bag

Obama seems like the reason impeachment was invented. Just sayin' #Benghazi #Coverup #FastAndFurious #OH #WI #VA #NH #NV #FL #IA #MI #MN

Obama is a failed president and a filthy liar. He's a socialist.

Romney/Ryan are for abortion in certain cases.  Straddling the fence for votes.

When Romney wins, the people will be coming for you and the rest of the alphabit soups press club cards. Sucks to be YOU!!!

Man yall go vote for Obama

#Obama had his chance.our #economy went down the sh*tter. #Vote for #Romney please.

Sorry! Forgot the luv ya part. Romney may be out of it with women but at least he's not a socialist!!

Romney v.s. obama in rock paper scissors lizard Spockcould be epic. #betterthandebates

If Obama doesn't win.. I want Pedro to win :D LOL

I am not even american but, I am on Obama's team :D

Wait, WHAT? Obama said deficits went DOWN on his watch??? #eitherlyingordelusional

if they're considering Romney, can we ask them to stay home? ;-)

Please read this if ur voting Tuesday November 6,201 Obama

If mitt romney winss shidd everybody gone be line up waiting for a jail cell because we gone start a riot _

Even Mitt Romney said Obama is gonna win HAHAHAHAHA wtf is wrong with you dude? #hahaha #OBAMA #ROMNEYISFUCKED

Telegraph World: Jay-Z attacks Mitt Romney with improvised song: Rapper Jay-Z successfully goaded the Republican

Obama to 49.1% - Vote for revenge.  They took your money and I will give it back to you. Very Presidential, huh?

The Meck Report: Gallup Poll: Mitt and Obama Tied - The Daily Beast

Obama may not be perfect, but he is the president Americans so desperately need, writes

Arch Coal, BPU, etc if Romney pulls off a win.

A vote for Obama is a vote for satan! -- the epitome of my newsfeed tonight #Ihatewhereilive

If Romney wins the election the world is really ending.

I am hoping not to wake up Wed morning to President Romney. Watch election results w social on Tues at TapBarrel 7pm.

GUYS! PRAYER CIRCLE FOR AMERICA! IF ROMNEY WINS TOMORROW WE ARE ALL FUCKED.

[cnn-top] Obamacare, weed on state ballots: President Barack Obama's second term is on the line in Tuesday's ele

*Google image searches Nas  Barack Obama* Smh

If Romney wins I will hike to Canada

2004 Gallup is repeating. (Bush 49% LV) (Kerry 47% LV); (Bush 46% RV) (Kerry 48% RV) . Romney will win tomorrow based on 2004. #Ohio #Oh #WI

S/o to my nigga Obama for moving forward! #Obama2012

#edshow  Remember Romney WOMEN are the majority in this country!

Obama stood in the way of the Keystone pipeline, disregarding the high prices of gasoline and the job market.

Lackawanna county commissioner Corey O'Brien opens the night's remarks- faults what #Romney pays in taxes.

what do you think mitt Romney will do?change? What is his position as a republican

News Luar negeri Obamacare, weed on state ballots: President Barack Obama's second term is on the line in Tuesda

My birthday is Nov. 2, and I love when it's voting day! I hope Iain does not have his b-day ruined by Romney!

it'll be all over by 10 o'clock Tuesday night. Romney / Ryan  2012

If Romney wins put on a lace thong..pic up mic and play lil john get outta ur mind!!

Call your friends, family and neighbors and encourage them to vote for Romney. My wife has been on the phone for two hours.

romney aint gettin my vote #teamobama #myvotecounts

Obama x Romney is my otp

they're actually the same person!!! it's not a coincidence that u never see Obama and at the same time  place.

Every women has no type if rights in this country with Romney .

Obama is the reason it is dark outside an hour early #RomneyRyan2012

if they keep it up may change his mind and vote for Obama. #Rmoneyintimidation #RmoneySucks

If Mitt Romney becomes president we all get 4 wives. #Mormon #Winning! :D

I feel like Obama is gonna have an early lead in the polls tomorrow Until the republicans get off work.

Springsteen and Obama draw 15k n Columbus. In '85 I saw Springsteen and nobody draw 16k in Ames. And tickets weren't free.

Reading all the tweets on #edshow lower thirds. All are Pro-Obama!

OT: Go VOTE on Tuesday! It's a close race. Believe it or not, we could end up with Romney as President and Biden as Vice-President. #True

John King just owned the deputy director of the Obama campaign. #RomneyRyan2012

Obama will take a early lead tomorrow until Romney voters get off work.

Romney even said he dont care about the poor or middle class people. He only useful to you if you were rich

basically the same as the ones I have seen. The only difference is it has Obama winning Ohio and NH.

Actually Obama has done things.. I see you don't watch the news or hear the radio . O.O

Mitt Romney First Introducing the Individual Mandate at Heritage in Jan. 2006

Let's Go Obama we winning

No one gives Obama enough credit , he took down bin laden I'm ok with the extra debt , ignorant or not I am

Fuck Obama and Romney. They weren't there when I needed someone to bring me toilet paper when I ran out in the bathroom!

Romney get 2 stutter'n like ron harper n shit wen he ask a big question

ROMNEY is just a puppet in a much larger plan the republicans have for the hard working middle class,

if you're a college student voting for Romney, your dumb. #sorrynotsorry

Given the chance to ask Mitt Romney one question on the eve of this election, it's no contest what it would be: 'Do you even lift, dude?'

If Romney is elected I'll just laugh at the world if they hate, because even with a president like Romney, America shits on your country.

mee tooo, omg if he says romney ill lose respect for him, but he'll always stay hawwwt

America might actually hold onto the last remnants of my respect if they re-elect Obama tomorrow #DontFuckItUpYouFatIdiots

Romney has a crush on Obama tho.

I'm going To Skoo Butt ass Naked if Romney Win , on Me..

Why the fuck is everybody tripping about politics and the election? Most of us can't even vote so our day doesn't matter?!#fuckObama/Romney

Ill vote for who I damn well please based off of my own research and if it is obama thats my choice so you can save your pity

My name is not #barackobama and I endorse this message. #romney #election #priprimarron #instasatire

Do you know OBAMA means: Oh  Brave  And Mighty  America!!! Let all Americans VOTE for OBAMA!!!

I favorited a video  Obama Style (Psy Gangnam Style Parody) Feat. Smooth-E and Alphacat

Threats of Elections Riots if Obama Loses  Will this be the Excuse for Martial Law? O is up to

If you are registered to vote, please VOTE for Obama!! He's our country's future. Contact family and friends and en

ppl in nigeria tryna vote for obama lol

If Mitt Romney Dont Stop Fuxking Calling My House He Gone Get Put To The Dirt Fuck a Election.

I have voted for Pres. Obama and also donated.He will have another 4 years.

Obama and Biden both profess to be Christians (Biden, more specifically Catholic), but tragically have put

06 November 2012:  This is the day that will define and decide Americas future. If Obama does pull (cont)

Even ppl in other countries are tweeting vote for Obama tomorrow

don't die!! I'll miss you! And omg I know!! They're beautiful. Btw I'm moving in with you if Romney wins the election.

Obama is winning but not by many. tighten up

on my #Obama shit tonight , lookin a #mess lol

Four years ago (pre boob reduction, obviously) I cast my vote for President Barack Obama. Excited to do it again.

A vote for Romney/Ryan is a vote for a third term for Bush/Cheney.

IM PRAYING OBAMA BE THE PRESIDENT AGAIN SHIDD YALL GAVE ALL THE WHITE MEN 8YRS TO FUCK UP GONE HEAD LET OBAMA DO HIS

Fuck the election, fuck Obama, fuck Romney. #queezy2012 #WeTakinOver

If Romney bring my slavery ill be missing everyday

I think regardless what happens tomorrow that OBAMA will have answer for the 4 Americans that died in Libya.

Obama bouts ta be president again! And y'all noe this man!

Definately the best way to make an informed decsion I dont see how anyone stoned could vote for Romney, just my opinion

The power of Monday Night Football.. Halftime will b the final interviews 4 Obama  Romney

Unless Obama is Defeated, Your Tax Dollars Will Fund Abortions  pro-life #prolife #tcot

My boo Obama duh nigga!

classy enough to have Jay-z and Springsteen there at least. Where  are #Romney's household name supporters? #election2012

Remember to vote for Obama, vote No to both Amendments, and tell your friends to vote the same! #slutsvote #slutwalkmpls

cause voting doesn't count Obama already win tha put tha winner up 2wks ago by accident on tv

Bruce Springsteen's Last Minute Stump for Obama in Wisconsin

What mf's should be partying like its 1999 if Obama win!

DIS DICK says it all. FUCK ROMNEY RT Obama campaign ends in serious debt. Romney campaign perfectly bu

I feel like if romney gets elected more ppl is gonna join da military #MyPhilosophy

hell yeah I'm sure Obama its gonna win! We are on the same page

This Election should not even be close. I agree with Dick Morris : Landslide for Romney/Ryan.

RT #RomneyandRyan2012 #Conservative #TCOT almost to 2000 followers!  I pray Romney wins tomorrow, I'm so

If Obama Win Ima Take A Shot.

Ayee all yallll TELL YO MAMA , DADDY, G MA, G DAD, AUNTIE, UNCLE, BROTHERS, SISTERS TO VOTE BARACK OBAMA 2MORROW #OnMa

I wonder how people would react to.Obama losing.I'm a tad bit afraid..

Neither candidate will be able to fix our country's problems; however, I'm terrified at the thought of seeing Mitt Romney in office

#ABCWORLDNEWS says a late surge for Obama! She can hardly contain herself. Wow

When you Go vote DO NOT PICK ALL DEMOCRATS. PICK OBAMA FIRST THEN ALL DEMOCRATS OR OBAMA WON'T GET YOUR VOTE! !!!!

via Accomplice to Murder: CBS's 60 Minutes Censored Obama's Interview where he refused to ca

If Obama wins, we get more social policies and better equality, less financial recovery. If Romney (cont)

Actually kind of hoping Romney wins this election.

But I GOT faith Team OBAMA although my vote does Not Count lol

make sure you vote for Obama tomorrow I'm not old enough to vote so.. those who are able to vote, the country's fate is in your hands.

All the obama haters forgot about some asshole named #bush   Yea the republicans got us in this mess in the first place

#Economy Set for Better Times Whether Obama or Romney Wins  via #jobs

Bush was able to stay in office for 8 years.  Obama deserves 4 more years in office.

Let us hope the Obama cult of personality is soon to be a cult of mild historical interest.

so you gotta say fuck him? you act like ya club gone be something worth going to though? Obama don't got shit to do wi

Don't just assume that because Republicans  Mitt are bat shit crazy, Obama will win. Make sure he does  VOTE ! #WeNeedYOU #GoVote #p2

Just fyi, America. If you fuck this up and vote Romney for president, you are officially disowned by the rest of the world.

Obama was just dying to take Tuesday off. Glad to see Mitt working on election day. No golf for Mitt. He is keeping his promise to work hard

That's one thing, if Romney becomes president, niggas ain't gone have no other choice but to get off their lazy asses  get to work!

If obama wins we all finna die in 2016

When I go through the #Retweet tweets and there about voting and Obama and Romney, I notice which one has Majority rules:)

Part of me feels that Obama ain't going to get this second term

1 more day till I move to the bikini bottom if Mit Romney wins!!

Obama is really starting to look like crap!!

I'm just sittn and thinking and I'm so nervous about tomorrow I really hope Obama is elected for president he has my vote

Pretty sure if Romney wins the election, DC will secede from the Union and take the White House with them. #election2012

Line outside Romney venue in Manchester is as long as I've ever seen.  Seriously. It's cold out as well.Momentum in NH!

One business in SF is saying 'thank you Obama'

Only for Obama will I get up at 5:30am so I can go Vote and make it to Work on Time

Man Mitt white Obama not black Vote a real Nigga Brandon Coley for President i promise food stamps an to Free Boosie

Romney is aginst Gays ? Oh no , fuck him .

go gett-um kelly, bring home a romney win.

I mean it only took 5 seconds after turning on the TV to get a Romney ad. Sigh.

Obama rocked Cincinnati las night wit Stevie Wonder  tonight wit Jayz.. Ohio loves Obama! #TeamVote

Ima Get That Shit That Last For 5 Years, If Romney Ass Win #NuvaRing

Yall Betta Tell Yall Mama To Vote For Obama Cause If He Dont Get Reelected Yall  Aint Gon Have Anymore Swipes On That Card

Enough of these if Romney wins tweets more than half of y'all didn't even vote please stop

one thing i dont get Mitt Romney is that your trying hard to deface Obama before the election. i thought you were an American not a pussy

Line outside Romney venue in Manchester is as long as I've ever seen.  Seriously. It's cold out as well.Momentum in

Look what I found when I stopped by #Obama #Vote #Nov6 #4MoreYears

This little quiz taught me all I need to know about the candidates #obama

Otc Im Really In My Feelings, Im Tryna Cover It Up By Talking Bout Romney Hoe Ass. Lmfao

George Bush is a good man that wants this cntry to thrive not turn into a socialist dump of a cntry like Obama. Chk his ideolgy

Y everybody buying weed, cds, cars, bottles, clothes, and all that material shit Make sure you go vote tomorrow! #OBAMA

Im voting for Obama because I want clean air  water. I want the tap to be safe for you to drink. I got a brita. Im doing this for YOU!

election day tomorrow so that means no school! :D hopefully obama gets president! #boomittromney

I got a tie w/ Obama and the independent cadidate Gary Johnson. Shows my independency, but still support Obama's work.

Breaking News: US celebrities mobilize for Obama, Romney on Twitter

Haven't seen any campaign ads here in ATL and then today, a major Romney blitz all day. Wonder why.

My prayers go out to the Romney family and the Obama family tonight.  I can't imagine what it must be like for the

Ohio, lets show the RWNJ's we believe in women, we believe in America, vote Obama

Hope u guys r ready to vote tomorrow.. keep Obama black ass in office.

Using this cliff notes type thing to get my election knowledge up #democracy #obama #rockthevote

It'll feel good knowing on Wednesday that Obama is the president again

VIDEO makes the case: Why military personnel should vote for Obama  Watch 10E/7

Its crazy tho how everybody sayin they voting for Obama but all es CNN  shit sayin the election be super close

If Romney becomes president lord knows ima cry my butt off.

Have y'all read Bey's letter to President Obama? Ugh, I love her

I think its pretty obvious obama is gonna win the election

If ROMNEY , Win . Im buying the whole beauty suppy! Give me all the fucking weave all of it YAKI  all just gi

Obama has no idea what the fuck he's doing as a president  if romney wins than all hispanics  blacks are fucked.

Hi baby! Feeling better :) Binging on #Equality  #Obama vids 2nite. Cant wait 2 vote! Loving u!!! *glomps*

I heard Obama is gona take an early lead tmuntil the republicans get off work

Yeah, Obama looks out for the working people. He has to look out for them because they are becoming harder and harder to find.

I still don't get how some christans can support obama.

Romney is a man of good deeds and good words , he will !!

Very Excited To Vote Tomorrow!!!! #Obama All Day !!! Make Sure All Of Ya'll Vote! #Important #BarackObama !

I might be in huge sap mode, but this was very sweet. Obama replies to girl with 2 dads.

you seriously can't be hoping Romney gets in? He's worse than Palin  that's saying something! #USpresidentialelections2012

Congratulations to Obama for being re-elected as the President of the United States! #Faith

The only way FORWARD is with President Barack Obama!

If Romney wins tomorrow, I hope the Mayans are right. #election

Obama/s killing business  jobs w/Obamacare, taxes, over-regulation, bad energy policy. He's done NOTHING to help the economy. Only HURT it.

yes he just said what I wanted to hear Romney is going to winI love that man!

actually Obama's father was from somewhere in Africa and his mom was from Hawaii. Not Hawaiian tho. He's half.

Being a Jew for Romney is like being gay and for Romney - #retarded

Because he's always there. I'm a little jealous. I would love to hear Obama speak.

Good luck with that McCain/Palin QT 2 names I don't want to hear again after President Obama wins: Mitt Romney and Chuck Todd

Because I voted for #Obama my religious freedom will not be threatened as #PaulRyan has been saying I'll still be a bad catholic #Obama2012

Obama plays BBall while Sand Storm victims freeze  LoL I do not care and Missouri is going to vote Claire back in!

If Romney wins this country will be saved if obama wins this country will go spiraling down hill fast

Did you know that President Obama has a beer named after him in Kenya?! #funfact #obama

The only thing Romney has promised is cutting Taxes for the Rich People -_____- THAT'S IT. Only rich people are on h

Tomorrow is Fire Obama Day (for those who can vote) make it count

#Benghazi-Gate: Impeach Obama For 'Grave Dereliction of Duty'   via

Great News Obama will win by 280 to Romney 191 Huffington Post polls Obama re elected  VOTE OBAMA!!!

Obama isn't great either but Romney is complete shit. #Obama2012

America has hit Barack bottom! Vote Romney! #ROMNEYROMNEYROMNEY

It's almost time for the US presidential election. Probably will swing Obama's way.

Really hoping Romney wins this election tomorrow !! #hopeful thinking

Fuck outta here chick!  bush did but Obama conti

I really can't realize why u are for #Romney.America deserves better

FUCC ANN MARIE BUERKLE , ROMNEY , AND ALL THE REPUBLICANS .

Every drop of sugar in a pot of bitters eases the pain! I admire the goodness  strength of Obama supporters in Red States :-)

If Romney wins, which of his 8 wives gets to be First Lady?

did my friend's mom really use a billy graham quote as the case for voting for romney? oh my god

Steve, I believe your next blessing may be the white House,   you campaign so well for president Obama, keep it up.

Ha the Obama campaign just called me i told them don't worry i got u #Obama2012

If romney win me and Camry leaving america

Andy, Liam and Obama at Madam Tussaud's.

If Romney gets elected I plan on spending the next four years just as I spent the last four years - slightly buzzed.

Fuck Mitt ROMNEY Ryan! Team O B A M A All The Way.

The Financial Times has endorsed Barack Obama.

Well thats it, Colin Powell convinced me to vote Obama!

Obama gets 80% support in a country that can't even vote in the US election? LMAO

If Obama is elected president I'm moving to Australia #Romney

i think ppl need to stop acknowledging or giving leverage to those tht hate Obama. stop shining light on it

Fuck Obama. lol, no better than Romney. Okay maybe a little better.

She voted early  she picked Obama so we straight :)

If Al Qaeda is trying to demolish the America we know and love, they better hurry because Obama's beating them to it #OneBigArmatureMistake

Why can't all the states be like mine and yours and just think before you vote and just vote Obama. Well we did vote MR for Gov.

Tomorrow is Election Day. Obama will win by the largest landslide in history. (Im psychic)

Dems: Don't break your arms patting yourself on the backs Wednesday. #Obama will still be WAY INTO murdering brown people with #Drones. #p2

Joss Whedon: A Vote for Romney is a Vote for the Zombie Apocalypse  #PR

Romney becoming president is what's gonna cause the world to end next month.

I'm scared if Romney is elected. I've never seen a candidate flip flop on issues just to please the crowd he's talk

Last thing I gotta say. If you vote for Obama tomo, go straight to needles n ink after and get dumbass tattooed on ur forehead! #romneymf!

Wowwww I am late but Colin Powell backing #obama ???? Why!? #fail #tcot

Obama may take the lead due to the bums not working but will lose when the nice working republicans get off work : )

A Vote 4 Obama Is A Vote 4 A Bankrupt Future #CCOT #BCOT #HCOT #TPP #TeaParty #TIOT #sgp #twisters #WeThePeople #lyhnbt #p2 #RomneyRyan2012

Move to #Canada if #Romney is elected, and I will smoke you all up !

you can bet if obama is reelected you can kiss the constitution and your rights goodbye

I cant wait to vote tomorrow im soo excited Im glad this time around I have a chance to vote for Obama

Obama.Romney, tomorrow you will meet with the judges and only one of you will advance to become the winner of America's Next Top Model

I just made the thing about Romney cause he hates gays and my brothers gay. :3

If Romney Wins Off To Mars iGo .#OhHeckNawl .

I hereby solemnly swear that I'll treat the Cowboys  Eagles with more respect if Obama wins tmrw. Yes, I'm that

lmaoo!! I saw this Obama shirt and its said he got 99 problems but mitt ain't one lol

Fuck #Obama he's fucking terrible. #RomenyRyan2012 beat this stupid bitch

We've come too far to turn back now. We have to go forward with Romney Ryan.

Look in the monitor! WATE Alexis Zotos shows us a sneak peek of the inside of the convention hall where Obama's

Romney Tryna Take AWAY Weave o.O Alot Of Y'all Bitches Gon B Lookin Real STUPID

race shouldnt even b close! Lying ass Romney!!! Ugghhh im so scared! but gotta trust God!

If you care about the Revolution in Syria, and want it to succeed, then VOTE like you care about it tomorrow. #Romney #Obama

Obama is gonna win tomorrow if not I'm moving to china :)

If Romney were to win I would have officially wasted a bunch of money  2 years of my lifethere's no way I'm payin 2 years out of pocket

I think Romney will win Florida but I think Obama will take Ohio which will result in a win for him (most likely)

Election Day is tomorrow! Time to get President Obama's back. Txt POLLS to 62262 to confirm your polling location!

#RomneyRyan2012 Dont be surprised if Obama takes the early lead tomorrow morning. All the Republicans are at work.

Talkin' mad shit about Romney too LOOL

just because i want romney as president DOES NOT mean im against gay people.i never said that  im NOT against the gays.i just want a change

Chris you will suffer if Romney wins,  that pose you have will be diffrent from what you will get then.

What's your forecast for the 2012 election? My prediction - Obama 271 d. Romney 267 #2012election

Little kids know what's up. Daughter of two dads writes a letter to Barack Obama (and Obama answers!)

YOu could still stock up.  If Obama wins, you can celebrate!  Happy Birthday, btw!

Right here talm boyt monmy am i goin to vote wit u tmr? Cause I'm votin for Obama! Lol  where ray boogie?

You like Obama because he's more foreign?

If Romney get in there, I think that's a sign that the world is ending!

How Mitt Romney's attempt to reach moms online found four million porn viewers   We're the source.

Obama should take an early lead tomorrowuntil all the REPUBLICANS get off work! Haha#Romney-Ryan2012

Please let obama win I need my financial aid for college and more #teamObama

I'm tellin you right now if romney is elected this country will plummet in the midst of days.

Amongst other things, voting Presidebt Obama in tomorrows election is a very SERIOUS MATTER!

you better chill, i'll vote for mitt romney!! LMFAO then you won't have any rights :P

If you vote for Romney you DUMB AF to me #MyOpinion

As angry as you all are about Obama, you'd be a lot more angry if you knew how he and his family really live at our expense #nobamachat

I cant believe this obama giving out free pop rocks if he elected!!!!

if your working 4 jobs im sure obama is helping somewhere down the line cause he sure taking all my money # teamRomneyRyan

#Obama live on line 1!Sounds great, but a bit tired.Shout out to Wisconsin!#POTUS. President Obama is my hero!

UAW Unhappy with Obama: Open letter to Defense Secretary Leon Panetta  #WhyIamNotVotingForObama #tcot

#Obama understands that there is no support in history for the idea that cutting taxes on the wealthy creates jobs - NEVER

would Obama listen? I think he would.

Okay. So if Obama wins again I'm packing up and moving to Australia.

please google commieblaster and read. Commented on: Obama Romney make last-minute pleas in close race - Road Runner:

Middle class voting for Romney like they haven't heard.

Kids and Politics: Demari: Mom I voted today. Me: who did you vote for? Demari: Obama. Me: why didn't you vote for

Chuck Norris is voting for Mitt Romney!

Bruce Springsteen Stumps/Sings for Obama: A Free Six-Song Set | Open Culture

OBAMA FAILED TO BUILD A TIME MACHINE TO KEEP BUSH FROM SCREWING THINGS UP.  WHERE'S THE (TEMPORAL) CHA

anyone with the Romney Orca group out there? Tried forever could not get on call.Any help?

Obama is gonna win,i dont want another boring ass white person making us suffer, #FuckWhitePresidents

you act like if Romney wins your not gonna be able to finish school

I'm seriously going to cry if Romney win. Smh

thx-leaving Romney rally at airport -great crowd !

TEAM OBAMA TEAM OBAMA TEAM OBAMA TEAM OBAMA TEAM OBAMA TEAM OBAMA TEAM OBAMA TEAM OBAMA TEAM OBAMA TEAM OBAMA TEAM OBAMA TEAM OBAMA #VOTE

And Obama wasn't the first African American to run for president. He was elected because he was the best for the job. Not his race.

Time 4 truth in #Ohio: Who wins the #votes of the #18? Rule of thumb:Who has it wins. Barack #Obama is in narrow lead. But ist that #enough?

Katy Perry Shows Off Her Assets At President Obama Rally; Peep' The Photos:

Thrilled by OHIO, draw blood for ROMNEY. Voting #ROMNEY-RYAN with everything they've got. Inspiring to watch OHIO Patriots win it for MITT

prediction OBAMA 57% of the vote re-elected sorry  try getting a reasonable primary going in 4 years no 999 or man that part his hair by ear

Jay Z introduces Pres. Obama in Columbus, Ohio. Entire speech by the pre  #p2 #du1 #njp #p2b

Just read over your Facebook status endorsing Obama for tomorrow. Some of those comments oh my.

I feel like Obama was just elected president yesterday.. 4 years flew by

please warring black and white people and nba nfl and music movie actors, obama lies black people for vote.

Who's going to Win America's next top model tomorrow Romney or Obama?

If you can stay in line for jordans , you can stay in line for obama too!

Obama: VA, NH, OH, WI, NV. Romney: FL, NC, CO, IA. Doesn't consider PA, MI or MN swing states.

I really hate Mitt Romney! If he wins which I hope not I'll legit move to Asia!

Romney will be the death of middle and lower class America Smh we can't let that happen!!

Latest Angus Reid Wisconsin State Poll has Obama at 53 % and Mittens at 46 % . #FORWARD #OBAMA2012

Obama Responds to 10yr-Old's Heartfelt Letter About Her Dads  I wonder how #Romney would've responded?

Obama wins. He takes OH, VA, NV, IA, WI  NH. CO  FL are too close to call, but if you put a gun to

I just put the number in and we have our 2012-2016 president MITT ROMNEY CONGRATS

I swear to god, if Romney wins the election tomorrow I have lost all faith in the United States. I'd like to keep my

From the real source: Lands End phone order guy in Wisconsin says Obama and Thompson are winning fellows

Even when a woman's life's at risk.  Romney: Why do you get off easy when other women have their babies? #waronwomen

#LetMyPeopleVote if voting for #Obama or #Romney, it will not count, Federal reserve already picked the prez, vote #garyjohnson or #ronpaul

Romney ain't ready to have control over over America

Obama supporters on #Twitter issue threats to kill Mitt #Romney on eve of election  #tcot #gop #teaparty #p2 #hate

God I hope Obama gets beat to the ground tomorrow #romney #nobama

Even though I've voted in every election since my 18th bday, I still can't wait to vote in my first presidential election tomorrow! #Obama

Ditto on the nervousness. The thought of Romney as President is terrifying. #Obama2012 #RomneySucks

I feel like you have to be really stupid to vote for Obama #RomenyRyan2012

Twitter gone be insane when Obama win again tomorrow

so basically we either elect Obama for 2nd term, or a racist, woman hating, compulsive liar as a new one? alright cool,

This guy asked me if Romney wanted to take women's rights away. I had to hold myself back from kicking him in the shins. #RomneyRyan2012

If you haven't figured out that Mitt Romney is an overweening, narcissistic, anti-populist, you need an ECG for your own sake. #Election2012

If you can vote , Go Vote Tomorrow#Obama #ObamaNation

okay, where is this Shell gas station with the hanging Obama doll? I've seen tweets saying Georgia, Florida, even Sugarland

#Dullingisnotanoption   Lmaoo RT Mitt Romney workin hard for dem black votes tho http

Had a great time at the Romney rally #Romney2012

Lindsayyou just retweeted that thing about women and their vaginas. But you support Romney.

If Obama don't win me n can't b friends anymore

If Romney win tomorrow I'm telling the fam and bae to pack their things, we moving to Guam.

It's what we will all be if Romney wins. R The Walking Dead is everything.

#IVoteBecause Obama  lied about immigration  about Voting I won't be taken

I find karl rove's assessment most acurate.  I hope, he is right. US needs Romney.

I rathet kill myself than stay in the united states with romney being president

If is voting Obama, then you should too, why? Because it's Zooey Deschanel, that's why as well as other reasons..

#FirstOfAll if u voting for Obama or Romney based on the color of their skin #KillYoSelf #Ignorant #Election2012

it honestly makes me really sad that my mom refuses to vote for Obama, Romney could kill a baby and she'd still vote for him

Voting against #Obama in 2012 doesn't make you racist. It means you've been paying attention. #Tcot #SGP #WI #OH #FL #NH #NV #MI #PA #IA #CO

Obama, Romney. two beautiful candidates stand before me. but only 1 of you will continue in the hopes of becoming America's next top model.

Why aren't you telling people Obama failed you? Get your citizens help! Where's your big gov't friend? So disappointed in you!!

Romney campaign says race VERY tight. It's within 2 points in 6 states. VOTE Romney. Take like minded to polls with y

Mitt Romney invaded my video when I tried to watch.

That hashtag is trending because it's being paid for by the Obama campaign folks.  Seriously.

Obama isn't going to get reelected Michelle Obama is! #MichelleObama2012

Obama will take an early lead tomorrow.  Then all the republicans will get off work lol great joke..I mean no harm at all lol #HappyElection

EVERYONE IN MY FAMILY IS A REPUBLICAN KILL ME NOW. THEY SAY THAT ROMNEY HAS GOOD POINTS AND IS SO INTELLIGENT I REALLY JUSY CAN'T IM DONE.

I thought you said Obama

If you dont like obama its ok Ill only judge you a little bit i mean we can still be friendss

FUCK MITT ROMNEY What I Look Like Voting For Someone Name MITT Anyway Lbvs

And If You Dont Like What I Said Than Either You Can Do Something About Or You Shut Yo Damn Mouth OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA

RT Obama..Romney, Tmrrw you will meet with the judges only 1 of you will continue in the hopes of become America's Next

hey Obama guess what Rudy gave you an F- I give you an f--- so I guess you know the lever I am pulling!

If Obama doesn't win I might actually cry  that's forreal

I need to get a citizenship in another country so I can get out of the country fast if Romney wins

We cant forget the umpteenth GOP  debate when Romney said he would put an electrified fence on borders distribute

Woah, Obama is on team Edward?? I think Bella deserves a real man, you just lost a vote. #tcot

I'm a little curious in how Romney is gonna create 12 million jobs tho?

If you not voting for Obama then MOTHERFUCK YOU ! Hope your car break down on your way home from voting FOH ASS .

2maro will be my second time #voting for #Obama its nothing like the 1st but I still feel empowered u can only make history once!he did that

No reason for Benghazi, this is a cover up for Obama's narrative that Libya was now free. Obama is a failure and can no l

Before we all go to bed, pray that Romney doesn't win for the sake of all the good things in the world, amen.

Poor Sam. You continue to embarrass yourself with your deceitful support of Mitt Romney.

What do you think Obama, Romney focus on swing states in late campaigning - Reuters  #crucialdebate

No, many other's have tried they just didn't tell you. I'm sure Obama has only done 1 thing his whole entire presidency

WE ALL FUCKED !  What if Obama loses

If Obama dont win we  in trouble we might as well say it the end of world for blacks or middle claasse family

Nate flips FL to lean Obama. MT Obama at 91% to win Electoral College based on today's data so far.

Yo oomf getn on my last nerve ii done sat here and watch yo tweet dissin obama but can yu change wat george bush did in 4years no!!!

Mitt Romney is phony bro  I don't care what you think bra.. #sitdown

Joe.. How would a Scotsman go down in the White Hoose ?? ;-)Over the pond..Obama is a Legend ;-)*****VOTE OBAMA *****

Just got pulled over with 24 Romney signs

u c this vid of GOPs against Romney?

Hopefully my boy Romney pulls through in the election tommorow ^_^

#RETWEET if you wanna see OBAMA in Office for FOUR MORE YEARS (: #teamOBAMA

4 years ago I would just talk about 538 and feel superior when they had no clue what I was talking about. This is Obama's fault.

#TeamOBAMA GO VOTE OBAMA ALL THE WAY FUCK #ROMNEY hes no good for USA!

Voting first thing in the morning. Gotta cancel out an Obama vote. Wish there was a ticket. #IdVote4That

Top Ten Coming Disasters: Romney's America 2016 by Juan Nov 5   |Corporate America,Inc., Not USA #Pa #Ohio #Florida

Do you really want another shitty four years with Obama.? OneBigAssMistakeAmerica

RachelMaddox paying homage 2 Obama, reviewing all his accomplishments! OBAMA HAS EXCELLENT RECORD W/O GOP HELP!  RMN

I may not agree 100% of the liberal views Obama is supporting..but I'd never vote for a Mormon.

I'm gonna get defensive on ignorance. Especially women who like Romney even though he wants to strip their rights.

Thanks to all who signed the petition to #Romney calling him to account for his ethics violations. It's up to 77K! http

Tomorrow is a HUGE DAY!! If Obama doesn't win I will be in charge of hosting a RIOT..

Mitt Romney raped me as a child.

Holy crap! Nate Silver has Obama winning the EV at 91%. Let's hope! #Obama2012

How about we remember that Obama came into office in the middle of a war, trillions in debt because of the previous REP

Ann Romney and Michelle Obama know what looks great on them. Let's see what  says about Ann

Unemployment was 7.7% when Bush left office, was 9.9 Obama's 2nd month  now 8.3% #election2012 #Romne

Someone said if Romney is elected they hope the world will end. Umm if Romney is elected the world WILL endtomorrow night. #obama2012

We got Alotta white people at my school I know Ima get some racial slurs Wednesday and at practice if Obama win . Hell.

OMG I'm crying :) Obama writes reply to 10yr old girl who wrote to him about her two dads  being picked on in school. ht

I really hate Mitt Romney for being against gay marriage get with the times this isn't the 18th century

he is in the lead but if romney wins in states like ohio who knows :(

If Romney was not good enough to be McCains as his VP,why is he good enough to be our President?

I'd rather have Obama for another 4 years than Romneys bitchass.

Is Obama likely to break 50% of the popular vote, third-party candidates included?

ALMOST HAD TO BEAT A HOE ASS FOR MY NIGGA TODAY! I DON'T PLAY THAT SHIT, HOES KEEP FUCKING UP MITTENS ROMNEY WILL BE IN CHARGE!

ROMNEY SNIFFS DISPOSED DENTAL FLOSS. PASS THE WORD #THEMOREUKNOW

(( so romney/ryan do or don't think chronic lyme exists? i can't quite understand which way you're saying ))

No, I meant to say members of the Military vote 2 to 1 for Romney. They're much more Con than Lib. O is inept, i.e. #Benghazi

Maddow's first segment tonight chronicling the achievements of Obama's first term is astonishing. He must win again.

The new poll results according to the BCS: 1. Rosanne Barr 2. Gary Johnson 3. Mitt Romney 4. George Bush 5. Ba

Christie didn't attend Romney's rally because he was afraid they wouldn't let him leave.

haaa she was on an Obama pedestal. Her battery ran out on her fifth phone

I pray obama wins tomorrow , if he doesn't I'm done .

They Think Cause Obama The President Weed Is Legaal . Nawhl Mf

It is time for a change.  I did not vote Obama in 08 and will not vote for him tomorrow.

WORLD Obama: Key States May Swing It For President: It has been a long and expensive campaign - but the  #SkyNews

the actions of the president the term before did that. Not a supporter of Obama but #JustSaying

Yes, but IS a rich bastard. That's why he's voting Romney.

A few polls to add. But Obama at 91% to win Electoral College based on today's data so far.

Hmmmm is Jay Z or The Boss playing? This seems A LOT smaller than the Romney Ryan rallies!

What white people don't know isthey gone hurt more than us if Romney win

If Romney win tomorrow. I'm movin to Canada

screw this Obama and Romney shit, vote O'Donnell 2012 I will run America how it should be run

Sandy storm victims raped while Obama campaigns and plays Bball!  We use commie Alinsky Rape tactics to scare votes for Claire! #mosen LoL

I guess Obama has to get votes by promoting a trend on twitter hmmm #Forward, no #Backward

Fact: Obama pledges to look out for the little guy in his second term by making it illegal to pick up midgets without t

I mean ROMNEY 20-FUCKING-12 YEYAH

Pretty sure very Mexican is moving to Mexico if Romney wins haha.

Why you should #vote for Obama tomorrow. The Politicker : The case for Obama - #Election2012

I notice something. All these people in the Mitt Romney commercials against Obama, are all white.

Romney's dad was born in Mexico. You should be happy for our new Chicano President

White people going to think its funny if Romney become president but when niggas strt robbing them they going to be pitiful

Romney (aka Mufasa aka Mufassbender aka 2Chainz aka Mufasa al Aheed al bin Laden) is meowing outta control. I wonder if he needs my help

HULK UP REPUBLICANS AND GET YOUR BUTTS TO THE POLLS AND PUT OBAMA ON THE UNEMPLOYMENT LINE ROMNEY/RYAN A REAL PRES  VICE

The American Crossroads woman w/ the nice house  the iPad seems to be doing just fine under Obama.

Anyone remember what Clinton said about his newly beloved Obama prior to him getting elected ??? PerspectiveJust saying !!

Looking forward to Obama's concession speech tomorrow night!!

If Romney wins tomorrow,I'll move to Antarctica if I have to.All that matters is that I won't have to deal with that nigga as our president.

I hope Romney Wins :) SIKE I Hope He Stays As Far from The White House As Possible #TeamObama

Let's vote for the love of countryvote Romney!

yeah, Romney is losing so I want these actions recorded in your next blog.

WARNING: Tomorrow brings many, many tweets. Supporting Obama. Those who support Romney, run away now. Before it's t

I'm announcing my twitter retirement if Romney wins. If ObuttHead wins Twitter hath no fury like ImpeachTheIdiot sc

Neat quiz. Here's my results. Try it!==I side 96% with Mitt Romney

Im votin fa obama illegally lol

Lets change that Governor Romney to President Romney

Get the details about Romney's Tax Plan. Just click the sneaky flip/flopping button.

If Obama wins, #LeanForward will quickly become #BendOver America will continue its decline and more freedoms will be #LostForever Vote!!

Go n2 the cockpit Mitt Romney, shove that control into a nosedive Mitt Romney #UltimateWarrior #RomneyDeathRally

God, I'm loving you more right now because you like Obama. Love is increasing.

Really hoping Obama wins Virginia

When Romney wins tomorrow im gonna throw a party. #RomneyRyan2012

If u lived in the US would u want Romney or Obama as president?

I remm when I was in 3rd grade and Keon was like I don't want Obama to win I want helary b/c I wanna be president

I hate living in a state full off freeloaders vote republican people please #romney

good nite world.and don't forget to VOTE tue.WE NEED OBAMA..Romney is a JOKE.

At this point, I want Obama to win just to see the coded racism explode. And I will laugh at the bigotry.

i had a dream that obama won and i was like no but then i woke up and he hasnt won so then i was like sigh ok ok you can do this

So #YOLO is our generations justification for wreckless, unsafe or generally irresponsible behavior? Brb, voting Mitt Romney because #YOLO

Sacbee Gallery - Obama vs. Romney: Where they stand on 12 issues

If Romney wins tomorrow I predict there will be no more whores and STDs due to know one wants a planned pregnancy

If one more person tells me I'm making a bad choice supporting Romney because he's taking away my free birth control,I'm throwing up on them

If Romney gets to become president..and he shuts down Instagram Carlos you're automatically fucked1

Back To The Cotton Fields If Mitt Romney Winss!! #prepared

geez. Y'all two. Obama is a terrible president. Nothing has gotten better. The health care plan sucks.

hollywood is primarily democratic, so those are easy votes for Obama

#RT obama team!!! I heard Mitt Romney is going to take away TV O.O

Romney reminds me of Burt Reynolds I'm Striptease.Naked,undies,cowboy hat, cigar and smothered in vasoline!

TOMORROW IS MY BIRTHDAY NOT OBAMA OR ROMNEY! THEY TAKEN OVER MY DAY

My job is not to represent Washington to you, but to represent you to Washington.Barack Obama SO WHAT HAPPENED??

ALL I see on my TL is shit about this eagles game, or stuff about mitt romney and obama

Here are all the cool people voting for Obama.  Funniest thing is the way they are categorized.

Ann Romney thinks that we should put her in the White House, yet she makes RIDICULOUS statements like these

Swingstate folks, please vote for Obama tomorrow. We don't get better with Mitt as President. Better should be our direc

mitt romney does anal with miranda cosgrove pass it on

As I said before, Obama would be up to 90% by Election Day. Nate has him at 91.

This lady at work has a Obama jacket #noobama

Obama better not be reelected. #seriously it's time for him to go. #byebye

I liked a video  Mitt Romney  the Mormon Curse Upon Black People

This is all you need to see to make a vote tomorrow. This is what you'll get into office with Romney/Paul

Is it ilegal to wear obama clothes and apparel to the voting booths

I hope #obama wins Hes the Homie ! the Only chillest president i've heard of.

If you vote for Romney based on religion their is no hope for our country. Every boilermaker can say goodbye to their job. #republicans #smh

What an Obama Administration would look like if he wins -    h/t  #OHsen #Pasen #WIsen #COsen

Amazing Bush excoriated over Katrina but as people are suffering in NY  NJ over #Sandy Obama is protected by his m

So republicans saying they will move to Canada if Obama is reelected, are you seriously going to contaminate Canada with your closeminded

Thanks to , I'm subconsciously singing to Mitt Romney style #ihy #whydyouhavetoplaythathorriblesong

what do you actually know about either of their policies besides extremely wrong examples of Romney's?????????

Vote smart.  Whether you support Obama or Romney, understand and know the issues.  Don't vote because you dislike one of the candidates.

Looking #forward! To having a POTUS who truly cares about America! Obama tried to destroy the USA. Tomorrow it's over! #BuhByeBarry #Romney

4 radical religious right Romney is too liberal. #Obama is not a Christian-he is #ProGayMarriage-Obama is not an option. JESUS! What a #F..!

Screw voting, just make them have a physical fist fight over it and bypass all the hassle? We all know Obama would one-punch Mitt.

Going to be a close Presidential Election tomorrow! Barack Obama vs. Mitt Romney.

Obama is the reason I get financial aide for school to better our future go #Obama

decent tweet Kinda surprised coming from you. #romney #whitehero

that fails to point 36-72,000 more people would die under #Romney regime but doesn't care  about that

Obama? My wife already tells me to be thin. I don't need your wife telling me to be thin too. -Homer Simpson

Obama he has more people voting because romney is a fraud

If y'all don't get the fuck off my TL with that #Obama  #Romney shit

Being Obama back for four more years my American friendsUnless you want the country to change it's name to ARIZONA!!

Obama is more like a celebrity than a president.

M #OH Union Members Caught w/Truckload of Stolen Romney Signs  #ohiods#LowlifeCheatingScumBastards

I would hate to see Obama take that Lvote ppl!!!!!!

Man, what a crazy night! Obama and Romney are battling on earth and The Chief is battling in space. Are you battling on

imma need everybody to vote tomorrow.please vote for obama please im damn near begging gee all our education and sh

Election Day Tomorrow..  Im Hectic To Know That OBAMA Won!

Obama goin win this shit I got faith#Team Obama

If Obama win. Shit. We still gon turn up

No one that tweets about Obama gets retweets. Or has a job. #ROMNEY2012

For the people that said #obama didn't do shiet?? Watch #msnbc and they will have u #slapyoself #OBAMA2012

I used to be motivated just to vote Obama out  Now, I'm REALLY liking Romney and feel great about him as next president.

you do realize Romney and Obama's platforms are virtually identical, right?

Vote Obama or don't vote at all crip

I did my duty on the first day MJB Mr,Obama already*****

Where is Obama? Dire situations post Sandy in NY area  Where's FEMA?  #tcot #teaparty #dnc #obama #election #sandy

Harvey Weinstein on Piers Morgan a minute ago declared the Obama victory, offering soon unemployed Romney a comedy role with TWC. #donedeal

I'm honestly going to be so mad if Romney wins the election

Don't defile the name of the president be it Romney or Obama. you should pray whoever it may be does their job and makes good decisions

Dick Morris, 7 more conservatives predict big Romney win, 325 to Obama's 213.

You need 270 electoral votes to win, and my prediction has it with Obama finishing with 277 electoral votes to Romney's 261 electoral votes.

I bet Obama has a big dick

#whatfirewall   Romney to campaign Cleveland, Pitt on election day

Obama will throw you in a cell next to the guy he blamed for #Benghazi

The Twitter cat fight between top Obama and Romney campaign staffers is in full force! I love it.

Am voting for Barack Obama tmrw nd I cant wait #TeamObama2012

I just tried out the Obama Call Dashboard today, from organizer (and volunteer) per

Tomorrow's the day Obama is re-elected :)

the Birds would love to steal Obama/Romney's election thunder, wouldn't they?

Obama promised in 2008 to have unemployment less than 5% at the end of his first term. It's higher now than when he t

Tomorrow is a HUGE day!! Obama give me 4 more years!

If i was eligible to vote , i would vote for Barack Obama .

Don't forget that Obama bailed out the banksters,  didn't prosecute one of them, nor war crimes or

Hopefully this time tomorrow night Obama is packing his suitcases

Your Grandma and Grandpa Russell were big time Republicans so no voting for Obama in their names.

my election drinking game: 1 shot for every blue state, 5 for every red state. that way, if Romney wins, i'll get alcohol poisoning and die.

President Obama appointed the first Latina woman to the Supreme Court. Romney thinks 'illegals'  'aliens' should self deport.

Obama comes full circle at Des Moines, with Bruce Springsteen: 'I get to fly  - New York Daily News

watch and THINK: Obama Pride: LGBT Americans for Obama:

Did America forget Obama had that nigga Osama killed?

Don't talk about how much better you think Romney is if you don't even know any of his policies

Mailbag -- Maria Santagati and Lee Desjardins: Voters should stick with Obama

Low propensity early voters; High propensity day of voters. Remember those terms when media is explaining Romney's victory tomorrow night.

My prediction for the election is Romney 279, Obama 259.  It could end up Romney 280, Obama 258, if Maine splits.  See Facebook for details.

If your a young person theres no reason you shouldn't be voting for obama tomorrow.. unless you wanna be in debt after you graduate college

People worried about Romney becoming President and taking away Big Bird and Porn Fuck that!!! He talking about taking a

Gonna throw this out there and it will make some of you thinkwould you rather Alabama win #15 this year or Romney win the election?

The way I see it, vote for Romney to see if he changes anything and if not then vote for the best democrat four years from.

I can picture everyone in our school tomorrow beating each other up over Obama and Romney

Look for Obama to jump out to an early lead tomorrow. Romney won't  pull ahead until after all the Republicans get off work.

OHIO, my home state, please don't let me down. Please vote for the right guy. That guy is Obama, by the way. O, Ohio; O, Obama see it's easy

Still making calls for #Obama campaign.  Now calling undecided voters in #NV. #FinishStrong

I'm voting tomorrow for the first time and I'm voting for Obama cause Romney is absolute scum.

Igot 99 prblms bt MITT aint one.!! #OBAMA

finally! hopefully you don't get too upset tomorrow. I personally don't care who gets it. But I think Obama will. :/

Obama for president, Romney is trying to take our right to bare arms, #Obama #PresidentialElection

My dads rants about Obama  #tooofunny #crazyrepublican

Yes he does. Go Romney! Need to limit drinks tonight so I can hang tomorrow.  :)

Yall Fill In The Blank If Romney Wins Im Going To _______ Lol This Gonna Be Funny

#14 i bet he supports Romney

Ohio Ohio Ohio will be Obama's no matter what..!

This is the year for all good teams to win, SF Giants and Obama.

Obama, Romney. Tomorrow you will meet with the judges and only one of you will continue on in the hopes of becoming Americas

If Mitt Romney Win Im Robbin All The Stores In Clairton

No, I think he can take all the credit for that himself. Nov. 4: Did Hurricane Sandy Blow Romney Off Course?

If Romney Wins, Theres Nothing We Can Do About It !

and obama doesnt know wht hes doing :)

We gave that pussy ass cracker george bush another 4 years so y can't we trust Obama to get it right this time

I spent the better part of my day calling voters in NV and IA for Romney and I can tell you the ones who are voting #Mitt are energized!

People dont realize how much racism is still alive SOME People will vote for Romney just so there won't be a Black fam

If Obama wins I am having a party.

reading Jennifer  so many seniors are alone.We assume seniors all have family support.They don't,Romney wld make th

lofl. RT Romney Punk Ass Might As Well Vote For Obama Too.

if Obama gives free believe tour tickets to everyone who votes for him then Im sure he'll win

Believe n Jesus not Barack Obama. #boosie

I'm totally against anyone who is against doing better. So with that being said here's a big F you to Mitt Romney. Tht is all.

Obama's gonna take an early lead because most Democrats won't be at work and Republicans will? Well.

you have to pick the better if the rep evils which would be Romney. Obamas good for that, but that will eventually come just

Retweet for Obama Favorite for Romney Who will win?

I like Obama cause he's black

Lemme call the election. Obama wins popular vote but losses electoral college. Minorities have lost their savior

Prof (this dude:  thinks OH polls w/ Obama lead overestimate voter turnout. His FACE overestimates voter turnout. :-P

President Barack Obama and Gov. Romney will be interview by Chris Berman at halftime of the Eagles-Saints gametune in! #MNF

Picture of a dying campaign: Obama Ends Campaign in Half-Empty Arena  #hhrs #hewitt #teaparty #p2 #edshow #maddow #dems

U need only know 2 sentences 4 the entire night: (1)Obama  Romney running neck  neck folks - stay tuned (2)Obama is POTUS

Great possibility that Romney is up 200K tonight in Florida going into Election Day. - Marco Rubio

WSJ:  Obama's Support Among White Men Falls, but Not in Ohio -

Unfortunately I cannot vote this presidential election, but if I could I would be voting for Obama!

gives Barack #Obama  91.4% chance of winning tomorrow's US presidential election against Mitt #Romney:

I love how liberals complain about voter ID laws. Its not supression, its making sure you don't have a million dead people voting Obama.

If you're white and voted for #Romney because he's white, shame on you..

If Obama don't win I'm riding down on the opps nd killing one of them then rob the gas station on 10-7 halsted becuz they sweet asl on me

Three things that excite me: 1) Obama only won by 6% and NO McCain voter to him but plenty other way 2) enthusiasm 3) my wife-never wrong.

#teaparty From Anti-Obama to Pro-Romney: I will be proud to vote for Mitt Romney tomorrow because I agree with R

This election boils down to this: Has Obama done enough to show he's on the right path? If not, is Romney's policies the answer?

Obama just has a very hard time telling the truth these days. Here is another lie exposed.

If Obama gets re-elected we are all screwed

Since I have your beautiful attention tonightgive me some predictions anyone up to it? I predict Romney to garn

Vote for Obama and  free boosie in that order!

Obama rallies w Springsteen  Jay Z    Romney rallies with Scott Baio, Dennis Miller and a rodeo cl

i beleive if Romney , become president somebody gone kill his mutherfuckinq axx . cus , he trynna make us Suffer &am

Black n white whip u can call dat shit #OBAMA #yahnners3000

Obama can't WAIT to move America #Forward over the cliffthen his mission will be complete! VOTE ROMNEY/RYAN

The same niggas that are voting for Romney dont have jobs..and never tried to look within the last two years

if u vote for romney because u agree w/his economics but not his social stance, u are saying that ur $ is more importa

This is how Romney created jobs in US. Must watch!!! You owe to yourself.

Wait, is this Berman and Obama/Romney interview for real? If so, it's like ESPN doesn't even want people to take them seriously anymore.

look more into it in regards to the republican party, how do you feel about Obama care?

no administration is more deceptive or secretive than #obama admin.  #WhyImNotVotingForObama

you gonna squak about Mitt charging the press 6500 tomorrow night for work space Obama nothing this is a 1st

the #GOP r trying 2 stop blacks  Latinos from the polls so the % of whites will vote 4 him? RT if u r white voting 4 Obama!

you're not gonna get ANY of that with Romney though. You personally may not be against gays/women but their policies are.

When Obama won people went around saying My president is black making a big deal of it. So if Romney wins, can I say my president is white?

This old lady said Obama was a Muslim, a atheist and a communist smh. How are you a Muslim and a atheist

Seeing people wanting Romney in office  you're worried about his faith? What about freedom? Not everyone is a Christian in this country.

Wait But what would I actually do if Romney won? I mean, besides have my rights taken away

no one asked what..but: I DON'T WANNA BE OBAMA SELF #laughingforever

Yes, IF America re elects an Evil Obama president.

obama had 100% control w D hse/sen 4 2 yr. all the bad hes done, incl o-care hap'd then.Vote R or (L)  for liberty, D 4 slavery.

If Obama wins I'm getting a girl pregnantif Romney wins I'm just going to be glad that I get a huge tax break

-the Romney Romp is Ready to Roll tomorrow on Election Day = Real Change for Real People!

Nate Silver has Obama at a 91.4% of winning this year #IFeelMoreSafeNow

Obama Supporters Spotted at Ikea in Elizabeth NJ #photo

the time to make a change is now vote on nov.6 for obama vote for a change

Barack obama be havin the BEST Commercials !

Romney wants to ban tampons. I don't care tho , but some girls are bitching

is.the real season why Romney needs the presidency is so he can pardon himself?

When Obama win they should play Love Sosa lol

Hannity blasts Bruce Springsteen for endorsing Obama but defended Ted Nugent when he threatened President Obama. Fa

girl but it will get worse if romney bitch ass get in

Go google it I wouldnt lie to you look up Document 666 Obama gone pop up with it !!

Romney hates women.. I love women #demaeyer2012

Vote for Obama let him finish what he started !!!!

who wearing their Obama shirt tomorrow? I AM!!

I am seeing report that CBS 51-49 final poll Obama leads

In +/- 24 hrs Florida will call winner,  fr there on is going 2 b a domino effect!ROMNEY/RYAN IN A LA

how do you know Trump is the liar and not Obama?

I expect that Obama will have an early lead tomorrow.Until all of the republicans get off of work.

Words DO matter. NEVER forget these lies and distortions from obama and his regime.

I'll be casting in my vote tom for ROMNEY!!!!

One bright side about a Romney/Ryan victory: real life Bioshock! Big Daddies and Little Sisters in steam tunnels!

Mitt Romney has arrived in Manchester, NH

I love that you don't see Bush sticking up for Romney like Clinton is doing for Obama! #Forward

Y'all niggas better vote Obama tomorrow since I can't

how they gonna say obama doesnt like/care about america? he cared enough to kill osama and take office as president as america so

what countries are you talking about? And Romney wants to go to war with Pakistan and send troops to Syria

I predict Romney /Ryan  will win by a landslide he isthe 45 president of the USA =) and we will get our great country back to honoring God

I am not anti Romney or anti republican, I'm simply pro Obama.

vote for romney if you believe in magic--and by magic i mean the idea that you can lower the federal deficit (cont)

Some people probably imagine rallies for Mitt Romney as klan meetings lol

#imsickof the status quo of obama and romney we must vote gary johnson watch the final 3th party debate

It'd be smarter to floss with barbwire than vote for Obama. #Forward

Like half the world, I predict Obama 303-235. But maybe more interesting is how the election might prove me wrong. h

Tomorrow Obama will jump out to an early lead because the republicans will be busy working.

With 0% of the precincts reporting, we are ready to make the call that Utah has been won by Mitt Romney.

wearing my Obama hat tomorrow tho .

MY 4 predictions for this week 1. This election isn't/wasn't even close Obama will have over 300 electoral

If Romney wins tomorrow, I'm gonna go stick my head in the toilet and flush myself. #hatehimsomuch

This is serious . when voting tomorrow put Obama , then put democrat . if you put democrat first your vote wont coun

Go to campaign office  get signs and put them around campus, EVERYWHERE IN HAMPTON.There's too many Romney sign

Surprised Romney didn't interrupt the last two minutes of this half so he could be the first to talk.

#LastPoliticalTweet Obama is just like the average American . Mitt is like donald trump , a slimy snake whose gonna fuck ur ass if we wins

A vote for Barack Obama is a vote for the Heat to win the NBA finals every other year for the next four years.

It would seem naive to think the Romney campaign would be publicly pessimistic about turnout models, so no.

Fox Insider: Sen. Marco Rubio Explains Why He Thinks President Obama Will Lose in Florida: With less than 24 hou

if obama wins the election tomorrow im moving to the middle east

if #NObama wins tomorrow, I'm leaving the country. If #Romney wins, I'm leaving the country. Not being political - I just need a vacation!

The end of the evil empire is upon is. FINALLY. Obama, you are done.  #Election2012 #Vote #RomneyRyan2012

Obama should take an early lead tomorrow because most Republicans and Conservatives want get off work until 430 or 5pmthen, lookout!!!

Cuz that's how my week is going lol. I'm team Obama though

VOTE OBAMA FOR ALL WHO CAN VOTE.

fuck romney , fuck what he stand for , fuck what he say , fuck his thoughts , fuck his dreams , fuck his hopes , FU

#Romneylandslide, msm is living a pipe dream with polls showing Democrats 11+, yet independents favor Romney 20+, #Redskinsrule

#3partydebate LIVE on now addressing issues completely ignored in #romney vs. #obama scripted #debates. Tune in!

I bet y'all pressed self is gonna vote for Romney. Smh. #Obama2012

Working to get out the vote for EW tomorrow. Please vote early for Elizabeth and Pres. Obama. #masen

why are you voting Romney? Give me 3 reasons.

Lets pray that Obama wins not Romney  ^___^

You may not like Romney or Obama but one of them will be president and voting third party will only cause the guy y

I always wanted to be in a Riot , and if Romney wins my dream might come true.

I'm predicting Obama will take an early lead tomorrow, at least until all the republicans get off of work. Hahaha

#RomneyRyan2012 Obama said we tried his ideas and they worked, worked? Is he crazy?

MT If Obama steals election, #Israel will take care of itself. However it WILL be a nightmare for America.

We should all take an empty box 2the polls tomorrow -to donate to the Obama's for packing their stuff as they move ou

Am i to believe that #Sandy is making all the difference that is required for #Obama to win, coming this #electionday !

PAY ATTENTION PLEASE!!! #VOTE #OBAMA then #VOTE #DEMOCRAT or your vote for #OBAMA will not count!! #OBAMA2012

new polls out shows 49 now Obama at 48 in national polls fucking right woooioooooo #TEAMROMNEY BABY WOOOO Romney is ahead

how's things looking for Romney down in FL?

#MNF halftime interview w/ the candidates. Romney will promise a better performance by the Eagles. Obama will blame

you must be a Obama supporter hope is lost

October Baby made me realize how much we need Mitt Romney as our President! #StopAbortion #EveryLifeIsBeautiful

is just now figuring out Obama's black.. #wow #worried

Don't know whom would vote 4 Obama: 50% graduates in debt  can't find jobs; 10% vets unemployed; swing states working taxpayers overburned.

Wonderful. You can't even escape the Presidential Election BS watching football. Both Obama and Romney during MNF Halftime? #ShootMePlease

I'm predicting that President Obama will take an early lead tomorrow, until all the Republicans get off work.

Interesting: President Obama will play basketball as election day tradition, while #MittRomney will wipe his ass with $100s as tradition.

I Told My Grandma I'd Vote For Romney And She Punched Me In The Chest :(

My lil bro goes.. Romney is getting rid of food stamps though for the poor

apparently the Pakistanis aren't buying the story that Obama is a secret Muslim.

POLLING FIRM: Obama Is Going To Historically Crush Mitt Romney Among Latino Voters  via B

Obama Or Romney ! Fuck That ! I can't vote yet Hell!

SO IF THE FUCKING KKK IS VOTING FOR OBAMA THEN ROMMEY IS CLEARLY THE WRONG CHOICE FOR EVERYONE

Are there really Romney signs lined up for a whole half mile on 422 from oaks to KOP? Unreal

I love Ari Melber! Imaginary generic GOP polls better against Obama than #Mittens! Ha ha ha ha!!! #FORWARD2012 #LastWord

I hope Romney dont win this election

Obama is great at math! He divides the country, subtracts jobs, adds debt  multiplies misery #romney2012

Did he really just take credit for the college football playoff system?  #obama

Not getting distracted by your own hype and critics-Obama on #MNF

I just lost total interest on the tv, now that Obama is on.

Obama on ESPN !! Word he cool

#Libertarians GRAB THE ROPE AND PULL TOWARD LIBERTY! Romney IS CLOSER TO LIBERTY than Obama. Pulling for another is like DROPPING THE ROPE!

im shitting bricks right now. just know tommrrow i am not going to be able to breath until i kno for a fact obama is prez

Obama thinks before he speaks, Romney just talks, that's why he can't remember anything he says..

Tomorrow people, white or black, will vote for or against Obama solely because he's of African American descent #Ignoran

Just donated one last time tonight in honor of a nasty rude Romney supporterKeep it up, I might go broke tonight.#FL#Forward

I want the fade with mitt Romney

Romney winning Ohio is like saying Steve urkel smashed Lora ..

Romney finally answered a question without getting off topic

did Romney dye his hair and eyebrows?

romney is like a carjacker the only way he's ever getting a Porsche is that he Jacks a Porsche

It's just as racist to vote for Obama because he is 1.3483759% black as it is to vote for Romney because Obama is 1.3483759% black.

This could be productive if Romney lays off Berman during the interview

FACT:nation poll from gallop and Show #romney up 49-48 no tides have shifted but #tcot must vote

If I survived Bush's presidency I think I can handle Romney's potential one..

orange-mocha-frappacin-obama wake me up before you go go #gold

Good ol 'catchers' Mitt Romney on espn right now

Romney just took full responsibility for the Patriots  Red Sox championship victories. Tongue in cheek, for sure, but fuck that guy.

Obama is the man. How could you not want him as President. He's fighting for everyone, not just some folks like Romney

R You kinding me..dey got Romney on ESPN too do dis man even kno sports

Win or lose, Obama was the FIRST black president. That's a successful term in itself. Upward ad onward America

Most teens sayin to vote for obama dont even kno why

Mikey you can sit with me and friends (my only friend is Obama)

Watching Mitt Romney's interview on MNF confirms that he is a certified ass hat. Yup.

Romney says PEDs. Same exact answer as McCain 4 years ago. Obama in '08 said BCS needed real playoffs. My kinda guy.

I'm honestly scared for tomorrow. I don't know what I'm gonna do if Romney wins. That has to be the most terrifying thought ever.

Once upon a time, Isaac Hayes won an Oscar for the Theme from Shaft when he was up against Marvin Hamlisch. G'Obama.

Mitt Romney talking about his involvement in the Salt Lake City games. Figures he was a part of such a corrupt Olympics.

Willard Romney is a Patriot fan I knew there was an underlying reason why I hated him in my heart.

I just got that feeling that Obama going to be in the white house still

Romney is a Patriots fan. Just another reason to hate him.

whenever Romney speaks, me: o_O

I'm not saying I'm for Obama, but go talk to lol.. He will give you his two cents about

Obama is gonna do worse things! Lol

I mean if Romney wins, there'll be an apocalypse, you feel me

Wtf was romney just talkin bout?

Now mitt Romney on at halftime of Monday football. What the hell is going on here.

So, if Obama is reelected, and the Republic does not fall, will you reexamine your opinions?

yeah so Romney all the way!

Romney gets in office well be the next generation of ppl documenting a #lifeafter jus like these ppl on tvone

if romney wins then everyone is going to be praying for the world to end in december

Y the fuck u in my mentions  Romney a bitch

It's even cooler considering Romney intercepted Vick 3 times during his interview.

If there's ANY reason for me to not vote for Romney now.. He's a Patriots fan and a Red Sox fan smh

Chris Berman just interviewed Obama  Romney during Monday Night Football on election eve. I think we're doing democ

Well, that was as safe and scripted as expected. Bonus points though for the Peanut Tillman shout out from Obama.

Obama or not . Democrats need another 10 yrs to fix what the Repubs did to this economy. vote them back in means your #st

All whites of the USA, come together and vote for Romney

SHIT GON BE REAL IF ROMNEY WIN!!!!!!

Mitt Romney admits on Monday Night Football that he roots for the Patriots, somehow managing to turn sure-thing Indiana

I'm a middle-class female college student who likes rights and loans so therefore I will vote for Obama. Gay marriage is

Romney said he helping the middle class  You believe him u dumb as fuck , cause he done said he was raising our taxes

why would anyone vote for Romney, i don't get it

wllllllk its public !!! x_x 3ende obama bl followers ! x_x

some fan Romney is LOL and I give no fuck about politics but that is funny

Trent need to get a Mitt Romney picture for his twitcon. I don't wanna see that nigger on my TL. Or if I see him we can go back  forth.

If Romney was president we would have a better economy so the Eagles could afford a better Quarterback and Offensive Line. #Romney #Eagles

i want 1/5 so bad i would sell my family i would light my pubes on fire i would tattoo mitt romney on my forehead id do anything

Obama better win! I cant afford Mit Romney to take my benefits away!

Very accurate: Whedon On Romney:  via

Why would a young female want to vote for Romney?

Don't ever see Romney ass on ESPN

Eagerly waiting for Us Presidential election my vote is for Obama and I request from American to vote for him.

Romney's campaign keeps on going and going - USA TODAY

Really? Pretty sure she's a woman and doesn't hate herself b/c of support for Romney/Ryan

#ImSickOf Obama and Romney ads everywhere. I can't wait for this election to be over with.

The only thing romney stands for is putting the minority and women into slave and sex slaves

im turning allllllllllll the way up when obama win !!

Canada wants a pipeline to help give the US a life line come on please vote Romney

Romney is right, #FEMA needs reform, as they failed to plan  execute during Katrina  #Sandy. #Obama says biggerIsBetter#P2 #tcot

#forward Since #Obama has only destroyed half of the US. #Benghazi #7HoursOfHell #buckeyes #iowa #pennsylvania #pennstate

800 Prominent Michigan Jews Take Out Newspaper Ad Endorsing Mitt Romney  via

If Romney wins the election, I'm going to dislike americans a heck of a lot more. #stupid

White people gon be HOT 38 when Obama wins

Btw my last retweet is reason number 837 why Romney is a dumbass. He shall not be receiving my vote for more pertinent issues.

Obama, Romney predict victory on eve of election: COLUMBUS, Ohio --- Barack Obama and Mitt Romney both confident

It seemed like some republicans voted for Obama in 2008 because they hated McCain/Palin. That's not the case with Romney

I may not have voted absentee in time but I stayed up until 4am translating the Italian view of the Obama-Romney debates.THAT is patriotism!

Romney looks like the type who just gives AF about the money, fuck him.

I don't like Romney or Obama also. Why vote?

Hey Republicans here's what one of Reagan's boys had to say about Romney.

I don't care what anyone says I'm proud of President Obama (:

Last chance. Don't vote for Mitt Romney. He will sell the US to China.

I mean.. I wanted Romney to win. But then I saw his VP.. And I'm like uhhh please

Nervous about this electionIn the case Romney winsI'm going to Africa I'm not playing either.

President Obama as I cast my know that I will light my dose afterwards

Romney is a Patriots fan. I could've guessed that.

Funny, last election everyone said I Obama won they were moving to Canada. Not only did they not do that, now they're flipping the script

Its ok if Romney y'all mofos think that I should've voted shit funny now lol its gon be real funny when yo groceries gone

I don't know anything about presidential elections, but from what I've heard about Romney, if Obama doesnt win, I g

yes romney wants to ban tampons because their foriegn objects that shouldn't be used to control nature. o.

Saw a tweet that said Obama will be leading early in the voting until the Republicans get off from work to go vote!

so I was Canvassing for Pres #obama today in brockton I almost shit in my pants! Scary but it was all worth it.

ELECTION DAY Tomorrow  Who Will Win ? OBAMA Will Bitch !

I didn't get into politics until Obama got into office

Tmrw Romney votes in Belmont, MA then hold final rallies in Cleveland  Pittsburgh before returning to Boston for election night night event

I do not have a Cristal ball but even in my communist State most people are pissed off at Adolf Obama. Landslide #tcot

Ughh obama better win or im shooting myself

Good luck for both Barack and Mitt tomorrow. GO OBAMA!!!

Daily Kos: Glenn Beck, Romney's ambassador to far-right evangelicals  via OH MY

it's all about the lady parts. At least that's what Obama says ;)

Ok a homosexual kid I know is voting for Romney. Are you confused?

If Romney wins I bet ill lose some of my black friends :(

I'm not worried about that, I'm worried about the 14 trillion the Obama has put us in debt.

Y'all worried bout this romney figure. #MeAndObamaGotNoWorries

i mean if you're a rich, white man i understand why you're voting for Romney, but other than that #nah

Frankly, I'm surprised Berman didn't call them Mitt Take Me to the PRomney and Barack Throwing the Obama.

My Vote is already in:) Early Voted! Obama all the way! lol  - We Got Him:)

The latest video shows that #Romney is going to loose  #Obama will be moving #Forward! #LetMyPeopleVote ht

I don't like to see a woman cry. But in Andrea's case about Obama losing PA, I'll make an exception.

#Forward into the debts of Hell this country will head with another four years of the dictator Obama.

well in an Obama second term you can say goodbye to second amendment rights

So dreading tomorrow. Obama and Romney always look like they want to slap each other every time they are together.

#obama Really this guy will be f'n mind. They content Janets images and calls the girl non quit.  Record your ex!

Big early voting disparity for democrats  between 2008 (17 pt edge) and 2012 (11pt edge) in Iowabad news for Obama #election2012

Mitt Romney once compared women's bobsledding to the crucible. Yeah he'd make a GREAT president

Well if romney do win errbody just turn in and ova ya shit lol cas yu won't b able to afford it no mo .. lls #thatisall

How the #Immigration Debate Changed the Course of the 2012 Election  - big Latino turnout expected for #Obama

My children turned 18 and will vote first time tmr for OBAMA/BIDEN with me. So proud of my children and our PRESIDENT!

Play this video tomorrow night when #ROMNEY Wins!!!!  #romneyisapatriots #romneyryan2012 #gop #tcot #nfl #chrisberman

BARACK OBAMA SHOULD BE THANKED FOR HIS SERVICE AS PRESIDENT- HE WILL SURE MAKE THE 45TH PRESIDENT LOOK GOOD.

I think Obama is gonna take an early lead tomorrow until the republicans get off of work. #2012decision

OBAMA THE CLOWN DRESSED AS MUSLIM SOMALI ELDER!  If he's not on the APOLOGY TOUR or BOWING he's a dressing like a MUSLIM

NY Daily News Explains Romney Endorsement, Big Swing from 2008Read more:

Im voting for Romney, he's a Patriots fan

LIVE: Sprinsteen on stage before Obama final campaign event

Tonite..they was even getting it in outside #obama #4moreyrs #vote tomorrow!

Obama why are you on my twitter feed #gtfo

It's not if, it's when Romney wins. Duh.

Romney is one crooked mother fucker man. You can tell by looking at him

#Obama #Foxnews, an unending assault on reality where delusional newscasters reassure ParanoidViewers that insanity is quite normal #romney

Anyone who calls someone an idiot because of their political views can go kick bricks #obama

Seriously obama better when or im goin back to africa 0_0 --- wtf sike!

If Obama doesn't win I don't know what I'll do

I have a strong feeling Obama will be reelected.

Dead to me.  If Obama wins, it's fraud + Chris Christie.

Ahhhh! Please NO. If your a Romney supporter please delete your twitter! Just don't get me started..

If Ben doesn't win Big Brother there's something wrong with Australia. If Obama isn't re-elected there's something very

1 more day  Obama will be re elected !

#greta I'm from Ohio. Not sure about my state, but I think Romney has locks on the Catholic and Military votes.

Desean Jackson! And here I though Obama's halftime interview would be the highlight of this game. #Eagles #EDayEveFootball

Made my decision I'm voting for Obama!! I don't care what anyone has to say.. I have my own personal reasons why

true. i mean romney might not be the greatest, but anyone is better than obama

it's funny that people even cONSIDERED voting for romney

Guys I don't wanna be political but ROMNEY FOR PREZ OBAMA SUCKS OMG LET'S GO ROMNEY 2012 ROMNEY IS AWESOME WHO WOULD WANT OBAMA GARSH

werk!  hahahaha I know! it's been forever, twerk for Obama? ayy

Pretty sure I just saw Mitt Romney in a Viagra commercial. Get in the outdoor tub, Mitt.

I'M A REPUBLICAN, VOTIN FA MITT ROMNEY.

Idk if i want Obama to win or not.

I hope he wins anyways though, at least Obama understands equality. Romney would take us back to the 1900's. We need to move forward.

These charts on are fascinating: subtle change in popular vote, big shift in chance of Obama winning h

I voting for OBAMA Why? Because he is the best of president since Bill Clinton!!! Good economy etc..

Panarama of the Romney New Hampshire arena. 10:30 pm on a Monday no less Insaaaane  :::WOW.

All black people will vote 4 Obama and all white people will vote 4 Romney. So the only vote that really matters is mixed people #important

Overcome Romney owned voter machines and tampering in key states by demanding votes be hand counted.  #HandCountOhio

Tomorrow is November 6, everyone 18 and up vote for Obama

Yall can't lie I bet everyone who want obama to win is because he black because I bet nine if y'all have one clue of what he talking about

Hope OBAMA 3 wins this fuckien Shit lol cause Romney is gunna fuck shit up like Bush did ;(

according to Elias, neither was Obama sooo

#Obama, #Romney rush to the finish with battleground state stops - Washington Times:  via #eleciton2012

Just filled out my electoral map! 293-245 Obama. I'm giving him OH, CO and PA.

EXHIBIT A: Spike Lee: I'm doing whatever it takes to get Obama a 2nd term so HE can do WHATEVER he WANTS  #tcot

Obama please hurry up. I don't have all night to wait for you!!

#IVoteBecause I like the way #Obama apologized to Osama Bin Laden! By having him shot in the face  dumped in the sea!

I'm undecided! For whom should I vote tomorrow by the elections, for President Obama or for Mitt Romney?

All these Obama hater commercials get on my nerves.

I hate Mitt Romney so bad. If I could punch him, I would.

When I saw this i literally did my WooHoo dance! haha : ) But, for real. #VoteVaubelandOConnor We'd do better then Obama.

Romney was born rich so why would he create jobs he don't care about the lower or middle class so why would he care

Damn it! I don't want to see your election shit on youtube obama!! #GTFO

YOU CAN'T EVEN SPELL ROMNEY RIGHT. OMG I CAN'T. #republicans #juststop

Rooney  Ronaldo would vote for Obama -

Interesting: Compound return of DJIA during Obama presidency near 9%. If you avoided panic  stayed in mkt you did well

While I'm over here talking about Bgc I'm nervous for the election tomorrow! #Obama

if romney gets elected i am swimming to englad whos with me

#Repost PSA for all Mitt Romney voters, your voting date has been rescheduled

If you vote for Obama you won't have baby mama drama!

If you're voting for Obama, at least have good reasons to back up your decision. What exactly has he done for you in the past 4 years?

If GOD be for us who can be against us? We pray for GOD'S intervention and help us elect Romney and Ryan tommorrow. AMEN

Do yourself a favor  stay out of politics. B Hussein Obama get's the blame  glory for his full term. Economy, Benghazi, et al.

Let Obama win im laughing in mf's face!!

In Obama -vs- Romney the Poor are ignored (Farrakhan on Election 2012)

But, your acting like Obama didn't screw us over the last four years. I hate politics but ROMNEY.

Ready for tomorrow! Old pin, same vote. #Election2012 #Obama

Anti-Obama voters, just think of it this way. If he wins tomorrow, he can never win ever again. That'll show'em.

and the dems will work w/ Romney wake up

If obama dont win im movin to texas

My president is black n romney face is blue election day toma so wat u gone do

Nate should suddenly drop Obama down to like 30% right before midnight to fuck with people

i don't think either of the candidates are going to improve the country, but Romney would make us worse off than ever #blackguy2012

UM, patriots fan for Obama here ;)

GOODNIGHT ABD VOTE OBAMA LBVS  FB!!

Pretty shocking to see Colin Powell endorse Obama.

In this week's Steel Resolve focuses on #freedom  why we must vote #Romney.  #Braveheart

So, Communist Party USA has endorsed Obama because they realize that he is their path to legitimacy and they

Tomorrow night hopefully we have a president that's actually presidential #Romney

Soo many American are going to be furious when Obama wins this election!

How is it that I am anti Romney and Obama yet it is only the Obama supporters that I end up arguing with?

make sure u go vote. unless ure voting for Obama. then stay home

Obama doesn't particularly support gays either, the last time he said anything on gays was MAY 9th. All he said was he supports them

The only thing i like about #RomneyRyan is the way it sounds when being said. #Obama

clearly we need obama to stay president, cant be getting rid of that BC! Haha

Man fuck what Romney talkin bout  #ObamaNation

Obama doesnt do us white folks any good

I hope the Obama family has a Safe, Happy Holiday season, spending some much needed quality time together.

President Obama and First Lady Michelle on MSNBC - their final campaign event before re-election.

Is there anyway obama and mitt could tie tomorrow? Cuz that would be fucking awesome.

Which website do I go to tomorrow if I wanna vote? I actually want to vote for #Obama!

If Obama wins I am wearing black for a week straight #inmourning

Romney Obama Elections Gay Marriage, Stem Cell Research  Scene T.V Aiden:  via

fucking people who praise obama, there both worthless but obama is more worthless

America, please do the right thing and tell Kid Rock and Mitt Romney to fuck off. We're not ones for political

our boss is voting for prick romney

If you want the blue collar worked to be fucked in the ass vote for Romney. #Obama2012

Romney Wins Central's Little Rock Nine Becomes Central's Little Rock 600+ grandmas,uncles,aunt,nie

Obama has no clue what the people in NJ/NY are going through. He doesn't care what they are going through because expects their vote. #sandy

Nate Silver's latest: 92.2% chance of Obama win. Wow.

Obama will be winning Illinois regardless lbs

It seems Mitt Romney has an approval rating close to Obama. End of the world only.

Obama Should  End This shit By Telling Romney That I Don't See How You Can Hate Outside The White House When You Can't

what dude do you even know anything about romney's campaigns? lols

Email to #Obama: NY - New Jersey: Where's FEMA?  It's been several days.  The people have no pl  #Dems #GOP #tlot

no joke though I'd play some pickup basketball with Obama, it's cool that he'll be doing that tomorrow

Obama pushes revenge  his closest advisor Valerie Jarrett threatens payback! This is not worthy of the POTUS! NOT #Forward #RomneyRyan2012

Some people seem confused you don't vote for Romney or Obama on twitter. this twitter debating does nothing for anyone

Also - JUST VOTED w/  Feels good. We MAY have drawn a mustache on Romney in our voter's guide

Mitt Romney took questions from a reporter for the first time in 22 days. It was from the guy who does play by play f

the focus by the media on evangelicals at this stage and wondering if they will vote for Romney is like wondering if blacks will vote Obama

By the way- that fatty is just campaigning for his own re-election. Sandy is Obama's Katrina. Media just won't cover it

If Obama win again im playing the song My president is black - by Young Jeezy like i did 4 Years ago! #2Termz

We need to vote for Obama to keep Michelle in the WH!  God help us all if she gets MAD!

My neighbor is voting for Romney. Anyone want to throw eggs at his house?? You have my permission.

If Obama were Republican, the main stream media would be excoriating him over #hurricane #sandy, 24/7 man-on-the-street victims reporting

I felt like Obama had a greater base of sports knowledge than Romney did from that MNF halftime show. #GameChanging?

Now Obama is no saint but compared to Romney he is a much better president. At least in my eyes. My views.

Obama end campaign in half empty stadium:

AND BTW, HOW CAN MITT ROMNEY EVEN FORGIVE ANN FOR BASICALLY CHEATING ON HIM?! THAT'S AGAINST HIS MORMON FAITH. I CALL BULLSHIT ON HIS FAITH.

#Election2012 The USA is 21% lib, 40% consv. All it takes for a #RomenyRyan2012 win is for you to get off your asses and vote Obama out.

#2016 #ObamasAmerica = Really good movie. People should really know the truth before they vote Obama in for another term. #AntiColonialist

I like how niggas voting for Romney just to seen different. When the reason why they have an education and health care is cus Obama lol

From ESPN Obama, Romney talk sports on election eve: President Barack Obama thinks his hometown Chicago Bears ar

#espn Obama, Romney talk sports on election eve: President Barack Obama thinks his hometown   #sports #sportsnews

remember Obama's love of drone strikes? #VoteCthulhu2012

I vote for Obama I believe on what he is doing for this country and how he is running it the Republicans needs to work with him

no worries President Obama will win :-) I know it's hard to feel it bc we live in red Texas ha!

It's up! excellent recap of Obama's accomplishments in his first term.  It's a long, important, factual list. ht

Me and my boy Romney had lunch together. Shit was so cash.

ion even like the way mitt romney go about life , he be sounding stupid as hell

Great show.  Thanks for reminders of what Obama accomplished b4 being stopped by the Repubs.  Boo to McConnell. Granny in KY

Obama my uncle lol jp but gesh you right but Obama don't stink! but i cant even vote so yeah! but i do care about my future!

Did Obama care make insurance affordable for you? There are still people in my family without due to the cost.

Father if u hear me now I kno owing perfect or the best but God please here and answer my prayers and please keep Obama in. in Jesus name

This is the sauce and the gravy:  Obama Ends Campaign in Half-Empty Arena  via

The Common Dreams poll put #JillStein second place behind Obama. ;-) #greenparty

Vote tomorrow. Look at you ballot first:  Remember kids, Romney wants to shoot Big Bird in the face. Vote Obama.

Whether you're dying in #Benghazi or on Staten Island, you know where 2 find #Obama. In Vegas, baby!

is pick Reagan over Obama anyday. And that gentlemen is it for me tonight

Beck  Barton Say Romney Will Win Because 'We are Repeating all of the Steps' the Founders Took to Create This Nati

the world needs an economically strong USA therefore needs a romney victory,$9t in debt in 08, bho added $7t,now $16t.

Obama had Jay-Z and Bruce Springsteen. Mittens had Kid Rock and Meatloaf. You decide.

#gotyourback#seiu Millennial will be out in full force in #Ohio tomorrow to re-elect President Obama

Your easy $50 || Election Forecasts -  || Nate Silver has Pres Obama 314.4 to 22

Okayy i told kelsey Brown  if obama win she go back out with jay.. if Mitt romney win she dont go back out with jay.. VOTE OBAMA

Actually it's more #conservative but I ran out of room so I had to say #romney even though I don't like him but oh well #yolo

R U A DICKHEAD? Who Will Win The 2012 Presidential Election? Chris Christie: When Obama and  #asexual #agender #8

Sure, Obama has Springsteen but Romney has one very intoxicated endorsement from Meatloaf! (Also old white dummies)

If Obama win tommo, it'll be Official he is not human and some how made him self win! #witchcraft?? #justsaying

You made me look!  Good one!  YAY #Romney!

Mitt Romney is one sick demented man.

just finished signing up conservative relatives for #obama victory emails + sent aunt a bumper sticker. she shouldnt be in the whitepages

well then lmao. I said i needed a hug. Obama needs hugs too.

I do think its hilarious that even though Romney is Mormon, Oklahoma gets over its complete Christian values to vote republican.

I swear people only like obama cause his black. #bandwagoners

America could do better than Obama; sadly, Romney does not fit the bill  sounds familiar #Maldives?

I'm watching Obama For America's live broadcast on Come join me  ! #DesMoines #Iowa

I'm Canadian and live in Canada, but I'm nervous that Romney is going to end up president of the United States.. Freaky times we're in.

Did Bielema know Obama was in Madison today?

#Romney's success vs. #Obama's failures - no comparison via

Will somebody please tell Mitt Romney that he needs to say HOW, not only WHAT he'll do? I'm sick of his magic wand explanations.

Vote Obama tomorrow or be ready to to live like hurricane  sandy victims, that means if your not rich you won't have nothing!

Stop arguing about Obama and Romney, you're 15, your opinion doesn't count as a vote

I'd vote for Obama just because Romney admitted to being a patriots fan #how

'Sabrina' Star Hearts Romney/Ryan, Liberal Hate Ensues My God the collective left are dumb and intolerant!

Fearless prediction: triumphant Obama backers will be more insufferable than jubilant Romney fansBut I could be wrong. #fearless

I prayed for my President last nighti had too.Romney is the DEVIL!!

i've been pretty narrowly focused as far as voting stuff goes and presidential shit is more complicated but please don't vote for romney

IT news : Obama-Romney Adu Jotos bak Jagoan Street Fighter  #TEAMFOLLOWBACK

Goodnight all my twitter friends. Get out the vote for Romney/Ryan tomorrow. Take back America.

I wanna wish president Obama the best and hope he gets re elected.

My prediction, Obama in a very close contest.

at 538, they just flipped Florida from GOP to Obama

i still hate how abortion is something politics use to debate. its peoples fucking choice,d mitt romney should go screw himself not the usa

Let's just hope that Obama wins.

im actually terrifified of what might happen to lower class like me if romney wins the election :-)

I'm just letting you know if u waiting on Obama to make you happy.. u lost, dumb, and delusional

I met, hugged and thanked First Lady Michelle Obama today! Such an epic day!

If Romney wins tomorrow I propose a human barricade around the White House for the next 4 years so Romney stays out.

I was playing with my grandma and told her I was gone vote for mitt Romney tomar and she got mad about that thing lol

not trying to sound mean Britsbut Idk why some people are crying if Obama doesn't win you don't even live in the USAslightly weird.

Barack Obama's equally bad other half is on t.v now.

Working at the election polls tomorrow! Vote Romney! #RomneyRyan2012

Michelle Obama looking beautiful. I am finding myself tearing up a bit. #obama2012

I would like to meet a supporter of the Romney campaign who has a backed up oppinion of a different issue than the economy.

I REALLY hope wins the election. My shipment of 500,000 Bitch Romney t-shirts just arrived!

Leon Panetta. He did everything. Obama gave the ok but what president wouldn't have in his right mind. Maybe Clinton..

Being honest both Obama and Romney are versions of the American dream. But the president is not a job for someone who doesn't give a fuck

Remember when Newt Told us exactly what to expect from Romney? :  via #Forward

Im tired if people bashing Obama.

Every female on my tl that's 18 better go take they asses and vote tomorrow #WOMENSRIGHTS #OBAMA

Mitt Romney Is Running Out of Time:                 Pulling up in the press bus onto the grounds of Stony Brook Farm in Morrisville

Whether Obama or Romney get elected to officeThe best time to wear striped sweaters is still ALL THE TIME

Kids arguing over Romney and Obama #shutthehellup #yourlike12

Don't believe the hype or Mitt Romney's lies! Vote Obama! #VOTE #Obama

God don't care and no worries Obama will wjmjin. Congrats.

Can you talk a bit about the scandal of Romney using Bailout money for his personal gain?!?!

am i the only person that thinks Michelle Obama looks likes Oprah

Obama doing the same thing in a different way. Lol you still my dude though !

I think I still have an unofficial Obama bumper sticker from 2007.

Loving the sight of Romney facing each presidential-type task, leading up to the election, with an awkward 'I-didn't-sign-up-for-this' look.

Awkward moment when favorites my tweet about Obama owning cats

have you heard the song he created 4 Obama? It was pathetic.

Ann Romney be posted in the kitchen cooking crack with her eyes closed

Off the phone with Zdravie  he's cracked me. Tells me Gor fans want to win a quintuple: KPL Top 8, TPL, FKF Cup, Raila  Obama presidencies

Y'all better act like u wanna keep ya food stamps and school money and go out and vote OBAMA

What if Obama has this plan of making us like him and then he stabs us on the back by selling us to Mexico? I mean

Listenin to these two old niggas debate Obama/Romney

Watching Obama's last rally on tv. God, Michelle is a dream!

Everytime I hear Colin Powell say Obama kept us safe I think of the 13 soldiers killed at Ft Hood becasue of Obama PC to Muslims! #tcot #gop

all this stuff about the women, make me think about: Why doesn't Romney think like that? 2

y did obama have a rapper rap during his rally ?

Obama, Romney launch final full day of campaigning to brace for Election Day

OH MY SWEET BABY JESUS THANK YOU FINALLY CAUSE YOU KNOW THESE HIPSTERS PARENTS ARE MIDDLE CLASS AND LIKE ROMNEY #ITSBEENSAID

loool not reeli enuh. Romney is very smart. the republican party is jus trying to make him something he isnt (super conservative)

Yo for real all the dumb kids are like vote for Romney

so then Obama? I feel like he'd kick the shit outta that old white dude

Let Obama not get re-elected Im filing exempt the rest of my life the Feds wont get not a nan nutta dolla from me Idc

#BadLuckBrian Voted Mitt Romney it's Obama for a new term

What if the people who claim they will leave the country if Obama is re-elected actually leave? Doesn't sound too bad to me lol :D

Saw the boss with Mrs Obama any ideas on what he pay in Real Estate taxes compared to his 70+ year old neighbor?

and Obama got Romney's home state, Mass. The people that know him best don't want him. Must show something.

Obama, Romney both predict victory, though late polls favour the president  The math says there will be only one winner

don't tell me you are for Obama

Lol most kids for Romney. Mommy and Daddy have money. Can't be having extra money going out, that's a sin!

WATCH LIVE: President Obama's last campaign rally tonight in Iowa

White people are so ignorant to vote for Romney ,who in the f**k wants a president that lies to them all the time? I sure in the hell dont

No disrespect, but its something weird about Michelle Obama's faceI think its the way her mouth moves

Voting tomorrow so that I don't have to move to Canada #Obama #VOTE

I chose to vote for equality. Therefore when I early voted I did so for Obama!!!!

Even Phfftt. #Landslide MT CNN national poll tied at 49%. Romney up 22 with independents. Sam

If you're voting for Obama, you're basic

that too. I'm that good in politics haha. it doesn't matter though I still don't Romney in office.

How tf u live in a traylor park and u voting Romney o_O

The messed up part is Obama had to fix up Bush's shit and now if Romney gets elected he will get CREDIT for all of Obamas Stuff -.-

China and Japan support Obama in US election  -- Even China doesn't want Romney. So everything is settled.

Oh how afraid I am that our country is going to be ran by a dumbass by the name of Romney.

well, I voted Obama, so luckily I am not fully a pawn of the man

Hi, if youre for Obama just unfollow me. Youre whats wrong with this country.

I had a dream Romney won And he arrested a lot of hispanics #weird #nightmare #voteordie #tooyoungtovote

#Romney on the attack, well don't forget an attack dog will bite the hand that supports it! #Obama #POTUS #Forward2012 #Union #UnionMembers

Saying mitt romney is a good candidate is like saying you want G.W bush back in office

Early votedsick as a dogthree hours, but was determined to vote for Obama!!!

Michelle Obama and Barack Obama Relationship

Yeah It's about to go down baby #OnTheCountDown Obama/Biden vs Romney/Ryan

Obama in Iowa too awe wish I was there

A vote for Obama is a vote based on hope not on accomplishments- O'Reilly

If Obama promised a NHL revival and the removal of Reid he'd have my vote. #romney

President Obama's last campaign rally. Right now. Live.

I hate when mfs talkbot obama sayin da last four years aint been good but bitch whata bot the 8 years bfo obama. N mitt n bush just alike

President Obama speaking at final campaign rally now in Iowa- Now ON MSNBC

If bands gone make her dance than votes gone make #OBAMA win this our future people #VOTEORDIE

if you vote romney you're a mormon who eats fried penises.

But you have to feel the same w/ Obama who held back those requested funds which were for helping Floridians to recover. Right?

#TEAMOBAMA we GOT to win this for President tomorrow! I get chills at the thought of them announcing Romney as the winner

Obama's electorate.  Painfully stupid baby daddies waiting for their next handout.

Obama playing basketball on Election Day.that's wussup way to relax #4moreyears

President Obama! First Lady Michelle! Awesome

If Romney wins ill lose faith in the country.  It makes me actually want to vote.

Jay-z, dave Mathews, Katy perry, Neil diamond putting on a huge bash for the Obama campaign in iowa, I wish I lived in a fucking swing state

Romney?s Mormon beliefs featured in pro-Obama ?voter education? brochure

Election result watching party in Blake lobby tomorrow night at 8! PIZZA. #BAMlsu #decision2012 #Obama #Romney #LiveGold #govote

Kid Rock supports Romney. Enough said my vote has been justified #Merica

Obama never been to Rankin street

Funny, but Obama's mother didn't believe in abortion.

Just be $40 to make $20,000 that we'll get a Romney/Biden administration.  Never tell me the odds.  #Romney/Biden2012

Don't cry #Obama, we love you

I really hope obama win tomorrow man , support yiur president  vote !

Watching President Obama's final campain rally in Iowa. Lets keep America moving #forward. Vote for President Obama. #cnn

I do not like Obama or Romney. Just throwin that out there!!

Don't get mad when I start gloating after Obama wins tomorrow..

I know we are all watching President Barack Obama on MSNBC.

We rise and fall as One Nation and One People! #Obama

I JUST REALLY HATE MITT ROMNEY AND I AM NOT GOING TO APOLOGIZE FOR MAKING A POLITICALLY-OPINIONATED POST #obama2012

President mentions gay. Again. Romney ignores us. Always. #Election2012 #lgbt

lol, thats who im rolling with. not a fan of Romney or Obama. Goode came to a few time to speak. i like him.

Barack Obama sends me an e-mail with subject: 'Naser, can I count on you?' I reply: 'Sometimes.'

if u don't vote Obama than what r u doing with ur life

I hate everything about this motherfucker Romney! I can't stand seeing this asshole. Best believe I'm exercising my

Obama, Romney talk sports on election eve: President Barack Obama thinks his hometown Chicago  Cray Tweets Update

President Obama gets emotional and wipes tears from his eyes as he thanks Iowa for giving him a chance 4 years ago. #Iowa #FinalRally #YWC

Astute political junkies may have realized by now that this is the only good thing Obama did in four years. #tcot #RomneyRyan

Pres Obama is back in Iowa where it all started.

My wife thinks I am angry???? No I just despise obama!  #RomneyRyan12

Tomorrow when Obama wins our work is not done. We need to abolish Billionairism once and for all through proper taxat

And there's goes Obama, mentioning the gays in his final campaign speech. I'll need to check if Romney mentioned us too

Team Obamaeven though I think Romney still gon win GA

Obama is such an amazing speaker. So inspirational and heart warming! #obama #forward #love

Voting for Obama is like stabbing yourself in the eye with an inkpen!

Listenin to my president speak #obama #2012 i wish i culd vote tomorrow

watching halftime show with the canidates me: Romney doesn't even watch sports. Jair: Cause hes busy going between his sister wives. #OhShit

that's a really intelligent argument 4 voting 4 Obama. Thanks 4 sharing those pearls of wisdom! #softheads

Want another 4 years of blah? Trust Me, you will get that if you vote for Obama

In the horrific event Romney gets elected tomorrow,how r women,gays,lesbians,visible minorities poor ppl spending

Watching Obama's closing argument in Des Moines. #Salright

I can't wait to vote tomorrow I'm going to feel so good lol OBAMA !!

Last time Obama teared up was day before he beat  McCain after his grandma died.

I'm hoping all of the good people following me get out to vote for Obama tomorrow!  Okay Ann  Kris?

PLEASE let Obama win the electoral college

What do you mean IF Romney wins?

I really hope mitt Romney does not win.

Mitt and Ann Romney remind me of Androids 17 and 18 #DBZ

Its funny when the people who say their voting for obama cant back up why! Yall are dumb! Haha

Y'all don't eeem understand how many Romney supporters are down here where I'm at!! Shit is annoying af

That was Ann Romney talking about Kid Rock and about Detroit.

If Obama loses will there really be urban riots? They better not try any rural riots, especially down here in Dixie.

my nigga obama got my vote not cause be black..cause he's a smart educated black man trying to put change and better our lives as we get old

If Obama loses I hope he becomes a rapper.#2termz

pack yo bagsss you about to hit the road!!! #Romney!

It really disgust me even thinking about if Romney win

but you still believe Christians aren't living by the spirit of they vote for Obama or no?

Remember tomorrow: if you don't vote for Romney, you'll get fired, god will die  aborted babies will come back as zombies to take your jobs

cause i can do that , prob? oh ok you dismissed .  mitt romney twin - blacker version

| yes he wud wunt 2 giv us maor edmactun but we ok witout it n obama luv us still

Word, if Romney wins I'm dropping outta college and joining the military.

Bitch just sent me a e-mail saying why I should  vote for Romney

#Obama Even though the wars were not fought by you, but neither did u do anything to stop them aftr getting the highest seat!!!

#NW Obama's last live campaign speech #TheREAL

don't forget to vote for Romney tomorrow: a friendly reminder paid for by the Jews for Juniata Campaign

Yes. Go to sleep lol RT #ClintonCastro2016 too early??????bomb ticket to succeed Obama tho

If Romney wins, all you Republican bitches, can kiss your birth control good-bye! #election2012

Obama I have the grey hair to show for the struggles to bring change in america.

I really believe Obama got this election tho.

When Romney wins tomorrow there will be a lot of angry fast food workers. I will stay away from those places tomorrow.

So, you are highly uninformed. That explains the support for Obama.

i've done my research on romney and i found that he doesn't deserve my vote. I'm glad you have a voice though. Just dont be a dick.

Of course, but looking at ages, actuary tables, and trends, we can infer pretty confidently. Romney is pro-rapist

I don't see how people could even joke about voting for Romney.. #OBAMA2012

Still feel #Romney campaign never articulated good reason against #Obama. Clinton line abt not cleaning Bush mess up fast enough resonates.

Obama is an idiot! I don't believe any of his words. #idiot

but they say we're only voting for Obama because he's black

Obama is the way forward. FUCK THE HONKY MOTHER FUCKER.

Tell your momma to vote for Obama (:

Ewe it's a Romney supporter on my TL *unfollows person* #OBAMA2012

Ill register for classes after I make sure this nigga Romney isn't elected bc if he is there goes college lol

Nice of you to wait until Romney has spoken before posting your stories. Didn't pull this crap with Obama's visits. #bias

All these fuck boys voting for Romney are going to regret it If any of you are actually informed of his beliefs y

Romney hasn't led in any OH polls I'm aware of. Polls would have to be consistently biased to produce R win there.

I think it is weird that I had to watch Obama and Romney on the half-time show of #MNF with Chris Berman

Mitt, shut up about what Obama did, talk about something you plan on doing?

And Mitt Romney as the great Alabama crimson tide.

I can't wait til the election is over  Obama REMAINS president so everybody can STFU!!

Knowing that I did this Country  the world a favor by choosing the better man and sending Mitt Romney back to his car elevator

Someone please fact check Romney and his bullshit he's spouting in New Hampshire

Voters' Picks: Obama or Romney or Someone Else?  via

I love because I can see that Obama's policies aren't working and that i'm voting against him I'm racist. #AreYouSerio

Another HUGE crowd for Mitt Romney tonight. On #CNN right now. Another rally full of Americans ready to vote for lo

I forgive people for being suckered by Obama in 08, but now? We already had the guy for 4 years, he's been a disaster. #p2

Mitt Romney and his binders full of stories.

Obama Ignores Arlington Burial Request 4 Black WW 2 Hero Vet  ^hoodconser

Obama rally right now: cheering  :) Romney rally right now: booing :(

Look at the predominately Caucasian crowd at Romney's speech loool

Ik Obama Gone Win I Got Faith

no seriously Romney will Ron Jeremy this nation

First Lady Michelle Obama just gave a moving introduction and thanked Iowa!! #Forward

Move Over #Romney  #Obama: Barbi Twins' #Green Tea Diploradical Party' Speaks for Real 99% #animals  via

I say fuck Obama and Romney, who's the third party candidate this year?

If you don't vote for Obama, you're not voting for yourself. #obama2012

Around this time tomo we will be congratulating Obama for winnin the Presidential election

hahah js all political parties point fingers so you cant say that only Romney's doing it when Obama's been doing it for 4 years

If you vote for Obama, I will find you and kick you in the nuts #Romney2012

You know the presidential debate is heated when Obama tweets more than #tweetmuch

Why did I just tweet Obama help I have problems

I swear Romney is going to win

Flashback to every single Republican primary debate. No one liked Romney. But every other possible candidate effed up in one way or another.

What do you think about people saying that Obama is trying to copy the european system like the French ? #chooseyouramerica

Obama is one of us. Romney is from Stepford wives.

Haha thats a good one, but check this one out Blacks For Romney

The Eagles O-line are on strike for Romney's tax breaks. They know they aren't playing in the NFL after this year.

Definitely watching the last presidential campaign speech Obama will ever give right now.  Iowa, the beginning and the end.

Mitt romney look like dinkleberg off fairly odd parents

Hey there Americans! Just like to remind you to vote for Obama, or I'll enter your home and beat you to death with a hockey stick. #eh.

that'd be better than a govt ran by Obama

More black on black crime a war going break out.. Romney plan is to whip out the black ppl

some guy was on the side of the highway today with a giant sign that said Obama.. #welcometocanada #voteobama

Gotta get up in the morning and go vote my nigga Obama

lol nah i feel you, i wasnt gonna come at you or anything, i was just curious, havent seen anyone that was pro-romney

I hear it at my school from Obama campaigners. Yes, it's an urban area.

All these white ppl come n my store with Romney shirts ugh I hate it

I blame the Eagles 3-5 season on Mitt Romney.

congrats you now know that Obama isnt gonna get 100% of the American vote. *round of applause* *makes ass clap*

If Obama wins tomorrow you nigguhs better stay the fuck out of bithlo.

Both and virtually ignoring #Romney speech in New Hampshire #BiasAlert

No follow back from Obama, no vote from.Shayla. Sounds fair to me lol

The only thing funnier would be if Nickel Back was endorsing Romney.  #election2012

If romney was black half yall wouldn't know who to vote for..

Just kicked the shit out of 3 Romney banners hooooo! I holds it down Barack

I can honestly never see eye to eye on those people who support Obama

People that vote for Obama just because of the color of his skin

#Forward what a great last speech byb #Obama : Fired up ---/Ready to go

Colbert just blew Romney a kiss. Lol

yeah that's what all Obama supporters say

Obama the man is THAT nigga to me but I still have a critical attitude towards Obama the president and his policies.

Obama's crowd is Des Moines, Iowa is crazy #Obama2012

If Romney gets elected, I'm moving to the UK and becoming apart of One Direction  Rita Ora's entourage.

He believes we should have a choice. *correction*  Obama believes in abortion

Bra Obama tearing up, man my eyes about to water up! Hold Up

Romney has Kid Rock playing at his campaign HQ in New Hampshire right now. Kid Rock. Jesus! Fuck both of those guys.

changes take time, but they do happen. #fourmoreyears and we'll continue to c success. #obama2012 thank u President Obama

Every vote counts!! Are you fired up?? we ready to go obama!!!!!

RT if Romney wins .. I feel bad for the folks that don't already have a job. His bitchass tryn knock minimum wage back to 5$

I be sellin dope to ya momma and I aint even vote for Obama.

I'm Canadian and I dislike Romney.

I forgot lol but she was just saying some shit about Romney.

Just to make sure nobody calls me a Monday morning quarterback. Pres. Obama will get 294 Electoral Votes tomorrow#Forward #Obama2012

Goodnight Twitter! PRAY FOR OBAMA TONIGHT!

I don't even live in America, but Obama better win.

Omg Obama is such a good speaker! He has me fired up loll. Ohhhh-bama was he Bar-rockin my world

Ok I get it Obama will get the lead til the Republicans get out of work. Now can we stop with that joke?  #Kthanks

Bcuz Obama has done what 4 women? More jobless on welfare n poverty Vote ur Lady Smarts not lady parts Vote

Everybody say they prayers tonight and pray for obama RS

IM FIRED UP ND READY TO GO!!! Lets go OBAMA

I don't trust mitt Romney I swear to god he might be tha devil

Romney used Colbert's line today (make a better tomorrow, tomorrow)  #itisabeautifulworldindeed

So Obama is wrapping up his campaigning years tonightOr, as Clinton can tell him, his last campaign for his candidacy. #VOTE #GETINVOLVED

That Obama rally almost got me to vote. But nahhhh.

never cared so much about an election.  if romney doesn't win florida and ohio, it's almost certainly all over.

Obama sentimenteel vertelt zijn 'fired up' anekdote. Romney tegelijkertijd: 'with the right leadership America is gonna come roaring back

Jus watched some Obama I'm hype as fuck right now lol

President Obama knows how to get a crowd FIRED UP AND READY TO GO!!! That's what happens when you fight for the middl

CNN just switched back to the Romney rally -- a much more energetic crowd.

Barack Obama has just given his last speech as a candidate in Iowa. 17 years in politics! This was the last hurrah. Now we all must wait.

Important message for everyone planning to vote for Barack Obama tomorrow!

Romney doesn't smile. At least not genuinely. Seems smug. More like a smirk. I can't see his eyes #RomneysLastStop #CNN #IVoteBecause

Hit that like button of you agree! #textgram #democrats #obama #teamobama #election2012 #cute #racist #hoode

I tried to count how many times Obama wiped his nose.not sure if it was from crying though. #pretending

because he's the current president and they are trying to say what he has done wrong in office. Romney hasn't been president.

HEY YOU COWARD OBAMA- Charles Woods wants to talk to you. The American people want you to talk to him as well.#Benghazi #7HRSOFHELL #tcot

I promise to do more stuff as president, unlike Obama, or chronically lie, like Romney. (My name is John Tortorella and I approve this msg).

Lol I still remember , vote for MILT Romney Tomorrow !

Make sure you get out and#vote4 the only man who can bring us back from all this mes obama

Funny joke from a former college teammate of mine: I predict Obama will jump out to an early lead tomorrow (contd)

Nice! yes, please!  Dear God, please deliver us from Obama. Amen.

Romney seems to be giving a concession speech

Video Obama heckled at Ohio rally  Hopefully everyone can see who he is

Mitt Romney -- tax dodger and tax evader. He belongs in the Caymans. That's the kind of person he is.

Dear God, please re elect Pres Obama, 4 more years, tomorrow for US, to continue our recovery. He is a good man!

You got Obama back? You not even old enough to vote. Lbs

Sending a special prayer up for President Obama  our nation  this election

How fitting that obama will be re-elected on the same day they release mandela notes- 2 most

All I know is that Obama is gonna win and everyone is going to bitch about it.

You have to be pretty ignorant to jack this up!  Do you need anymore reasons??? To top all of that, Obama is

i looked on this election thing and obama winning

Ima Go James Holmes On Ehh Body Who Voted For Romney .

Honestly I don't love Obama and I don't hate Romney. They are both pretty annoying but I feel Obama is the lesser of two evils.

If Romney win election me a start look fi a plan ticket online to bloodclath cuz wen him done de whole 52 state a Fuck up tr888t

sounds like no 2000 repeat then! MT Once results apparent, Obama will address supporters tmw nite at McCormick Place in Chicago

If Obama wins I'm going to the inauguration. I don't care how cold it is or how many times my legs cramp. I'm going!

OBAMA FOR PRESIDENT EVERYBODY VOTE FOR OBAMA !

Romney: with the right leadership America is going to come roaring back Tmrw is a moment to look into future and imagine what we can do.

This nigga may seem ignorant, but he's throwing bible verses at you bitch ass clowns who don't wanna vote but want Obama to win

NJ is one downed power line away from The Hunger Games, so no, Christie couldn't spare a few hours for a Romney rally. Douchebags.

if anything I think Christie turned down Romney because he has more important things to worry about lik

I was gonna say, you should care. Everyone should care at that! Romney gets into office, we're all screwed

JARRETT IS TALKING TO IRAN FOR OBAMA AND THE USA? How can he COMMIT MORE HIGH TREASON?  W.H. in Talks with Iran

Lmao These Mitt Romney Commercials Stupid as Shit, How You Jogging In a Nice ass NeighborHood , Got a Big ass House, Talkn bout U Need a Job

Barack Obama ran so aLl the chiLdren could fLy So ima spread my wings + u can meet me in the sky

When Bush won I was sad and couldn't believe just how stupid America has become. Please don't let this happen again. Vote. I did for Obama.

Whoa, that's quite a trick. You just transformed Mitt Romney into Todd Akin. Who's the liar again?

@highlight

New York's Republican Mayor Bloomberg endorses President Obama for re-election.

@highlight

Reports--8 States Will Decide! Daily Presidential Tracking Poll: Romney 49%, Obama 48%

@highlight

Obama and Clinton at Saturday night rally in Virginia

@highlight

Latest Angus Reid Wisconsin State Poll has Obama at 53 % and Romney at 46 %