First images from shooting for at Duke and Duchess of Cambridge at St.Patrick's Day Parade being processed now

It's St. Patrick's Day!! Try a shamrock shake  wear something St. Patrick's Day related to be entered in to a drawing for a box of bars.

Great Read on St. Patrick Day!

happy st patricks   day  joe  xxx

Good Morning Everyone!!  Happy St. Patrick's Day!!  Caption said she is an Irish Vampire!  Fitting to start the

Happy St. Patrick's Day Friends!  May your blessings outnumber the shamrocks that grow, and may trouble avoid you

St. Patrick's day is just annoying to me tbh.A bunch of American's celebrating some shit about the Irish that the Irish don't even celebrate

Happy Saint Patrick's Day  #lucky charms #four leaf clover

Happy st Patricks day too Niall! whats ur plan for today?

Happy St Patricks Day to all Irish everywhere

Happy St. Patrick's Day! May the luck of the Irish always be with you!

Have a happy and lucky St. Patrick's Day!What are you doing to celebrate today?

Happy St Patricks Day!Celebrate it with dilliskus from a cheese with a backstory as good as its name

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Playground Buzz!

Happy St. Patricks Day!!! One more day till it's time to #DefendNWA #CBJ #JacketsPride

HAPPY SAINT PATRICKS DAY ALL!!! Hope you have had a wonderful long weekend so far! :)

Did #DC not realize that giving us a snow-day today will just manifest itself in more St. Patty's Day havoc? #StPatricksDay

At the end of every Maryland rainbow is a bushel of crabs. Happy St. Patrick's Day! Photo:

God for bid I should have a good day on st Patrick's day if it's not one thing it another

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Find out how to exercise like the Irish, here:

Happy St. Patrick's Day! How is your family celebrating today?

Happy St Patricks Day from all of us here at Field Textiles! #HappyStPatricksDay #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  If you have pics to share of your babies all dressed we would love to see them!

Happy St Patrick's Day East Cobb

OhfuckOn top of the potential for drunk customers, my name is Patrick#NotASaint

Happy St. Patrick's day and happy birthday to me. Officially the start of my new year.

Check out some of the best St Patrick's Day Parties from around the world  #canberra #2cc

Today is saint Patrick's day lol. If anyone pinches me I will punch your ass back haha

St. Patrick s Day really is your lucky

Happy Saint Patrick's Day.  We are chilly and rainy in Charleston like Ireland today.

Celebrate St. Patrick's Day with a delicious meal of Homemade Beef Stew Landing Restaurant! YUM

Happy St.Patrick's Day to all our peeps!

Lucky to have such wonderful employees. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

On this day in 461 A.D., Saint Patrick, Christian missionary, bishop and apostle of Ireland, dies at Saul, Downpatrick, Ireland

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Don't forget to enter our Instagram contest: all it takes is a photo tag, #SelfieStPatsDay!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Spring is almost here!  Less than a month from the April 15th deadline.  woohoo!!

St. Patrick's Day Parade reroutes in midtown:  #KC #StPatricksDay

Some people take St. Patrick's Day a little too far.

The best way to get in the St Patrick's day spirit is knocking over a green hourglass into a bathtub!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  (AGCO))

happy saint patricks day!time to start packing for our journey back home. had a swell time here in orlando.if i

This stained glass depicts St Patrick in green, but his original colour is blue. More facts:

Happy St. Patrick's Day! So cute!!

Love this #Irelandinspires video. Perfect thing to watch on St.Patrick's Day! #irishjobs

Happy St. Patrick's Day! We're lucky to have you as a patient.

People all over the world celebrate on the 17th day of March in honor of St. Patrick, the patron saint of

Happy St. Patrick's Day. No green out there today though. Only white.

Here at  we wish you a Happy Saint Patrick's Day.

Oh and happy st Patricks dayyyyyyh

Happy St. Patrick's Day to everyone!  The day of the year where everyone is Irish!!!

Happy St. Patricks Day!!! The show WILL go on! Live Irish music, green beer, Corned Beef and Cabbage, Shepherds Pie  Fish and Chips!

I'm Irish, love to drink, and am not offended by the St Patrick's Day rookies drinking car bombs. Enjoy yourselves. Just don't drive.

I kinda wanna wear my st. Patricks day boxers to school because they are so comfy

Better late than never! Happy St. Patricks Day.

Reflection: An Irish Relative and St. Patricks Day

Happy St.Patricks Day is WW :DDDD

Top o' the morning to everyone from the men of Delta Tau Delta. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

St. Patricks Day Weekend On The Pickled Pedaler! Thanks Dan and Nicole!

Every St. Patrick's Day I receive several emails from viewers disappointed that I am not wearing the color green

Happy St Patrick's Day! Don't miss the sale of a lifetime!

that is a very nice picture of you Esther. Question do u celebrate at Patrick's day?

Saint Patrick's color is blue, not green.

St Patrick chased snakes away frm Ireland and d vacuum created filled by 'HUMAN SNAKES' in d shape of politicians.HAPPY PADDY'S DAY anyway

Debating on skipping last hour just so I don't have to hear ms. daniels talk about St. Patrick's day

St. Patrick's Day snow hits Washington area: Instead of St. Patrick's Day green, the nation's capi  #sanantonio

Happy St Patrick's Day, Ni. Make sure you have a Guinness today! It's compulsory :)

Got your green on?  Have a Happy St. Paddy's day!!   #stpatricksday #luckoftheirish

#Wizzley #History Did South Boston Ban the Shamrock for St Patrick's Day?  #StPatricksDay

and clovers and stuff lol happy st Patricks day babe

wow everyone suddenly becomes 2% irish on st patrick's day

Happy St Patricks Day folks - whether you're Irish or just wish you were! #fb

And of course, today is Saint Patrick's Day, a public holiday in Ireland, Montserrat and the Canadian Province of

Irish Blessing for everyone today on this snowy St. Patrick's Day in Delaware.

Happy St. Patricks day everyone!!!!!!! May it be a lucky one!!!

Since I grew up with Irish people does that mean I can celebrate Saint Patrick's  Day?

It's going to be a stunning start to St. Patrick's Day, #Denver! Snap a sunrise shot  tweet us! #9wx #9NewsMornings

This is how bacon is suppose to beHappy st Patricks day!!!!

Happy St. Patrick's Day to you! My ancestry - McClean  hubby's  - McSherry.

Starting my day off with some green mills for #StPatricksDay #luckycharms

Happy St.Patrick's day, you paddy fucks!

Why are we at school on st Patricks day..

Get your rye today for St. Patricks Day

Happy St Patrick's Day! Remember to drink responsibly! See for more info

Also happy st patrick's day. Time to wear green and leprechauns

Really wish I had a green scarf for this chilly St Patrick's Day #subtweet

St. Patrick's Day Morning Message. Such fun!

How are you celebrating St Patrick's Day? Or have you already spent the weekend celebrating?

Happy St. Patrick's Day!! Wouldn't this plaque be cute for your barn or house? You can buy it here:

Happy St. Patrick's Day, though. And to all you drinkers, be wise about it, please. :)

I hope you have a very Happy, Lucky St. Patrick's day! Many blessings to you!

Nothing worse than paddys day. Full of annoying  drunk cunts and day trippers everywhere. #StPatricksDay #Alcoholics #FuckOffPaddyLad

If even Guinness is boycotting the NYC St. Patrick's Day parade, why is anyone else supporting it? Happy St. Patrick's Day -- to all Irish.

Just to brighten up your day have a lovely St Patricks Day.

i just realised i slept through the whole of st patricks day! victory!!!

A quick, fun biographical video of St. Patrick.

happy first day at Bronto! Not a bad day to start #StPatricksDay w/ a celebration after work!

I ain't even know it was st Patrick's day lmao

Happy St Patrick's Day from NKYK9 and sweet Sammy  Maddie!

Happy #StPatricksDay ya blimey bastards! May yer day be full of charm and the luck of the irish, and may the jameson and guiness flow smooth

Long Awkward Pause --- St. Patrick's Day In Malaysia  via

The healthiest St. Patrick's Day drink you could possibly make for yourself.

Top Facebook pages in Ireland - As the world celebrates St. Patrick's Day, let's take a look at the pages most-lik

if school doesn't give me cake or something good for st patrick's day whats the point in even going lets be honest here

As you should know St. Patrick was a saint  is known to have driven out all evil. RV in the face of evil. Honor.#wearethepeople

you literally just reminded me it's st Patricks day

Enjoying a burger king..happy st Patrick's day people!! :D #StPatricksDay :)

Well I got to go hard for State Patty's and IUPatty's, now it's time for St. Patricks Day at #PCB, here we go #Rage

for St Patrick's day please tweet Irish Charity for kids with serious illness

If you celebrate St. Patricks Day but you aren't Irish then what the hell are you doing

The first St. Patrick's Day celebration in the United States was held in Boston, the city that still boasts one

Happy St. Patrick's Day! I'm drafting today. Who's with me?? *bribes with coffee and/or sugary things*

Happy #StPatricksDay to all people in #Ireland)) #monday is a good day to celebrate)))

For the day that's in it, I'm off to eat the cooked eggs of some flying snakes #StPatricksDay

Happy St Patricks Day to all my lovely Irish

Happy Saint Patrick's DayY SIGO CONTENTIN MIRA COMO LO MENEO!..Top to the morning to ya!

Great day for Ireland's cricketers on #StPatricksDay. They've beaten Zimbabwe in their #worldt20 opener on the last ball with a bye! #tense

Patrick of St. Patrick's Day was one of the most exemplary evangelists Christianity has ever known. #heroesofthefaith #fb

Godspeed to all my messenger friends today. St Patrick's Day drunks are the worst kind of zombie

Happy St. Patricks Day Eamonn and happy birthday Ruth :D xx

IRELAND WIN!! What a finish on St Patricks Day! #ZIMvIRE #T20WC2014

To all my Irish friends: sorry if this bursts your O'Bubble, but St. Patrick was Italian(Roman). Look it up!

Top of the morning! A Happy St. Patrick's Day to you too!

I'm going to do the same for St Patricks Day that I do for St George's  many other people do.. Absolutely nothing :) happy St Patricks day

#365grateful for our Irish dance feis weekends!! I miss it! Happy Saint Patricks day!!

March 17th; #StPatricksDay and #MuayThai Day. So if ever you needed an excuse to get pissed up and go fighting

Happy St Patrick's Day, wishing everybody the luck o' the Irish today! #stpattysday

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Today's soups  salads:

Why do people get so worked up about saint Patricks day shut the fuck up and let us get drunk !!

Whoever pinch me today getting shot.#Happy#St.Patrick's day#Though

Long weekend of hiking through Abel Tasman, swimming at it's beaches, and boating overnight, followed by st. Patrick day festivities today.

St. Patricks the one day we know in #tvland where live shots will go terribly, terribly wrong #drunkpeople trying to get on tv #tvnews

Warming up for the party by showing the Dublin St.Patricks Day Parade thanks to here at in Nice France

Happy St. Patrick's Day!! Yesterday #SSIrishParade, today parties in n'hood  Friday Fish Fry at St. Barnabas~Party never ends in #Beverly

Happy St. Patrick's Day from all of us here at Ocean Bar  Grill :)

Happy St. Patrick's Day my dear! Have a greyT day!

The Day of St Patrick and the myth of snakes being cast out of Ireland | Ancient Origins  via

St. Patricks Day = lots of U2 and a Shamrock Shake.  #notirish

Happy St. Patrick's Day! //t.co/wo18SEKqtV

happy st. patrick's day, just a little reminder that im irish as fuck

Todays St. Patricks day? Oh wait.. duhh everyones is tweeting about it.

Popular on Google: * Leprechaun * Saint Patrick's Day * NCAA Bracket * NASCAR * Fred Phelps * March Madness

Happy St Patricks Day all! Join us to celebrate with quiz night, with an Irish trivia round! #Ireland #quiz #canton

hahahahaha yeah I know right but the only reason I forgot its ST PATRICKS DAY is becuz my 1D calender is off my wall :p

Spring plaid  obligatory green on the blog. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

En route to NYC to enjoy St. Patrick's Day

Wishing you all a little luck of the irish and Happy St Patricks Day.

Ireland nearly screwed that up on st Patricks day #iccworldt20

Denver weather: Warm but breezy on St. Patrick's Day: Expect temperatures in the 70s on St. Patrick's Day in

Happy St. Patrick's Day! You can celebrate tonight after you give blood today. We're open til 5p at 26th  Peach. That's no Blarney!

you're starting to tweet likeAnywayHAPPY ST PATRICKS DAY ! :D

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Eye Candy Bookstore!

In other news flew South one last time to crash a warm weather St. Patrick's Day parade! #quackrew

Congratulations to the winner of our DIY St. Patrick's Day contest  Amy Obert!

Just figured out it was St Patricks Daywow I'm a genius

Citing exclusion of gays, Boston mayor skips St. Patrick's Day parade

Happy St. Patricks day. In the spirit of things I started off with a green smoothie:arugula,banana,raspberries, hemp. Not bad.

St. Patricks day: where noobs dress up in green and get drunk.

If you put on a big foam hat with GUINNESS on it today, you deserve to be punched hard in the fucking face. Happy St Patrick's Day, asshole.

I hope you are having a brilliant St Patrick's Shane day I am a huge fan

Wow Ireland, way to live dangerously but makes for exciting cricket. Happy St Patricks Day!

Ppl taking St. Patrick's Day to the head.!

Budweiser and cereal. Happy St. Patrick's Day.

Dissident republicans to join St Patrick's parade in New York: For PSNI it  - Belfast Telegraph (blog)  #NewYork

Today I am listening to nothing but irish pub rock in honor of Saint Patricks day

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all my friends Irish in heritage or spirit. Our pianist pleasantly surprised everyone

For me, St. Patrick's Day is less about wearing green and more about remembering NOT to wear orange. #StPatricksDay

'everybody's irish on st. patrick's day'. no you're fucking not

Brace yourself: St. Patrick wasn't actually Irish. #StPatricksDay traditions explained --

I don't even think Ireland celebrates St. Patrick's day a much as America over hypes it. Maybe I'm wrong though.

St Patrick's Day themed decorations for your office #HappyStPatricksDay

At first celebration St Patricks Day at Harmony House Irish history culture food and drink

OMG saint Patricks day is supposed to be lucky but so far my day has been the complete opposite

HAPPY ST.PATRICK'S DAY! Free delivery until midnight tonight! Enter code PARTY at checkout:

From all of us here at The Hunt to all of you Happy St. Patrick's Day!! #gogreen4stpatricks

so is anyone going to get upset by Guinness pulling its support of the NYC St. Patrick's Day Parade? #morethanasocialissue

So when was I  going to get the memo that it was St. Patrick's day

Happy St. Patricks Day to u too!  Bet it's fun there.   My husband is Irish!

EC: For St Patrick's Day - Irish crime writers  their bibliographies:

If you have to walk through Penn Station this afternoon I highly recommend that you wear boots #ErinGoBarf Happy St Patricks Day

Happy St. Patrick's Day, Atlanta! Come see us today to celebrate this glorious day!

Everybody gone have Green on today not for St. Patricks day but cause MSU whooped Michigan ahh yesterday.

Only reason I knew its St. Patrick's day today is because yesterday they had a Soongebob special and all episodes had Patrick in it #judgeme

Wouldn't have been right for them to lose on St Patrick's Day. Would've made the stout/whiskey taste flat.

How to make Leprechaun Marshmallow Pops or your St. Patrick's Day

Happy St Patrick's Day to all my irish mates :)

8 #Vegan St. Patrick's Day Recipes (+ a green cocktail!)  #stpatricksday

Happy #StPatricksDay 15 days till BLUE GORILLA is released   #tshirt #LimitedEdition

St. Patrick didn't drive all the snakes from Ireland. #StPatricksDay

Everyone's Irish today! Or perhaps a little more Irish than usual. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

I. Should. Not. Be. Awake. Right. Now. ps. Happy St. Patricks day

Happy St. Kilkenny Patrick's everyone, have a good one!

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! Have you ever found a four-leaf clover? |

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  May you all find a Pot O' Gold today.

I'm happy St. Patrick's Day falls on a Monday, tho I feel it's foolishly optimistic to think I won't encounter drunks in green today.

St. Patrick's Day: An excuse for a bunch of non-Irish people to get drunk, obnoxious, and act out a group's most offensive stereotype.

Top 'o the morning to you! Happy St. Patrick's day Geeklings! Enjoy your day.

Happy St Patrick's Day! For each petal on the shamrock        This brings a wish your way-        Good

Road conditions improving. WJZ with continuing coverage of our St. Patrick's Day snow.

The festivity suits you.Nice look for the day

Top o' the frigid morning to ya! A record cold start for us this St. Patrick's Day, and remaining cold this

HAVE YOUR UMBRELLAS HANDY TODAY ON THIS ST. PATRICK'S DAY. RAIN ALL DAY WITH SOME HEAVY SHOWERS AT TIMES. NO

It's about St. Patrick's Day..that.is.all.

After the Kids Leave --- Everyone's a little Irish on St. Patrick's Dayand we're no exception!:  via

My pleasure :D Enjoy the rest of St Patrick's, I'm sitting down with a coffee  the latest #cosmos

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Take a look at all the fun that went on in Southie yesterday!

happy st patricks's day hehe

On a charter bus to Savannah to celebrate St. Patrick's Day. This is the closest I've ever been to a field trip.

Happy St Patricks Day all the way from Australia :)

Happy St Patrick's Day! We hope you're wearing greenenjoying soda bread today. What's your favorite St. Patrick's Day tradition?

HaPpY sT. pAtRiCkS. DaY have a safe one. hiccups.. to much water

Drink Me, I'm Irish! Your green Kale Apple Pinapple Chia Seeds juice awaits at in honor of St. Patricks Day! #ad

The kids wearing green today for saint Patrick's Day at school and my boo looked so handsome in his green

FlipSide would like to wish all of our followers a Happy St. Patricks Day! How are you celebrating St. Patty's Day?

The #FOX7 #GoodDayAustin team decked out in green. Enjoy your St. Patrick's day. Stay safe.

I've never really liked St. Patrick's Day. Probably because I'm part Scot. And snake.

ITS MY SECOND MOTHER'S BIRTHDAY GUYSSSSSSSAND HAPPY SAINT PATRICKS DAY YO

Let's hit the hay, and have no delay / and yo by the way / Top o' the mornin' to ya. That's my happy St. Patrick's to y'all.

Wait is it st Patrick's day now or yesterday

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!! Come RALLY RALLY at Thunder Alley all day with greatest family anyone could ask for.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Come celebrate with us at our meeting tonight at 8pm in the Union Ballrooms :)

Who is Patrick? And how we know he was saved? #saint

MEMORIAL OF PATRICK, BISHOP, MISSIONARYIrish welcomes add upIn medieval Ireland under Brehon Law, all citizens

MT St. Patrick gained his sainthood by becoming a missionary.  Read more:   #StPatricksDay

Morning World! Make it a great day, and don't forget your Green! Happy St. Patrick's day! #GodBless #LOVE

ST PATRICK WAS A WELSHMAN, STOP STEALING OUR STUFF GUYS #OriginalGangster #BackDown #HappyStPatricksDay

Happy St Patricks day to all. Good luck to all the teams playing in the finals today.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Make it a Fresh green holiday with our cupcake of the day Cape Cod carrot cake and our

St. Patricks Fay; the one day of the year everyone's Irish.

happy st Patrick's day babes I hope you can enjoy it xx

Happy St. Patricks Day, let's put another shrimp on the barby

What's not to love about St Partick's Day?

Just do what Patrick star would do, take the snow and push it somewhere else (aka the roads)

What the fuck is St Patrick's Day for anyways.Weeeeee don't  knoooooowwww

Saint Patrick's day themed #tmituesday on a Monday: my snot is fluorescent green from the spray paint yesterday DX

Happy St Patrick's Day!DRIVE THRU for something healthy today!

Happy Saint Patrick's Day from your friends and family at Pitts Toyota Scion!#StPatricksDay

Ugh i forgot today is saint patricks day if anyone pinches me heads up i am not responsible for injuries or if i flipp out on you lol

Happy #StPatricksDay everyone and happy birthday to the appropriately named Patrick Arbour! Even after no heighting we still love you

BREAKING NEWS: working today. 4-9 drink beers til 9 then go to sleep. You'll be golden for work Tuesday! HAPPY ST.PATRICKS DAY FRIENDS

Happy St.Patricks Day Humor ;) via

Happy St. Patricks Day Friends! Todays the day where I'm even more adamant about my Irish heritage! #notirish #yesiam #38days

HAPPY ST. PATRICKS DAY FROM THE OFFICE OF LUCIE CAPEK, MD PLASTIC SURGERY!

Happy St. Patricks Day! stop in to get some green in your life :) Photo via Pinterest

Irish Blessing 3 Happy St. Patricks Day! Xoxo.

We hope you have the luck of the Irish with you today!  Happy St. Patrick's Day!

For St. Patrick's Day many of you will be wearing green. We will be eating green.

Good Morning Lovers. Happy St Patricks Day

Happy St. Patrick's everyone, may the luck of the Irish be with you today :) To those who are drinking stay safe.

Happy St. Patrick's day to my fellow Irish men and women. O'Brien for life! #TeamObrien

In honor of St. Patricks Day, I say we don't do shit all day.

St. Patrick's day is not about beer, but about the introduction of Christianity into Ireland  as a result they celebrated.

Nothing says, 'Happy St. Patrick's Day' like Enrique Iglesias.

My dads called Patrick and he's half Irish. So it just another Father's Day for me then?

Happy St Patrick's Day.   I hear the the Irish pirates are usually too busy drinking to plunder.LOLSteve

#GreenLine experiencing minor delays in honor of St. Patrick. #MBTA

Wow this weather is soo bad almost forgot its St Patrick's day.. and yes I am feeling lucky.Got drizzled on by rain

Awk there's the Gardai mounted unit on St Patrick's day parade. Hardly recognised them without a pile of students under them,

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone's! Hope you had fun at WeSession last night! IT WAS MAGIC

Who doesn't love a bit of pharmacy on St. Patricks day ? .. Me, that's who

Happy St Patricks Day Y'all getting ready to put my green on #Celtics T-Shirt, nail polish, eye shadow,  fake tat's.

Lots O Green! Thanks St. Patrick's Day Dessert

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Who all is wearing Forester Green today!? Show us! #kissme #immaforester

I don't really get the whole St Patricks Day thing tbh we only use it as yet another excuse to drink, it doesn't mean anything

I thought saint Patricks day was last Thursday

I mean it's a St. Patrick's Day parade, probably a clue that the phrase isn't Spanish, I dunno

#BlameMucus It's St Patrick's Day and I cannot even have my green beer because I'm so congested!

St Patrick's Day 2014: Why is #Guinness black - and other mysteries surrounding Ireland's favourite drink  #food

Happy St. Pats! I'm starting a drunken brawl with the first person today who stereotypes the #Irish! #StPatricksDay

thanks hun. Happy St Patricks Day! 3 xx

Top of the morning to you  Happy St. Patricks Day everybody!! Looking for a pot of gold? Tune in to 103.3 the

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Our baby girl and her favorite teacher at daycare both wore their green!

Omg, it's St. Patrick's Day?! I totally forgot it's today! Yeih! #LoveIt

And then I remembered it's St. Patrick's Day and the cute outfit will have to wait. #sigh

Hey, is that green ensemble a St Patrick's day thing, or a spartan thing? #goodingreen

Who is St. Patrick?People all over the world celebrate on the 17th day of March in honor of St. Patrick, the

St. Patricks Day was a lot more fun back in elementary.

Happy St Patrick Day Green Country!!! Feel'n Luck?? Follow the rainbow to any one of our 5 locations and receive

Happy St. Patrick's Day Litter-Robot Fans! Whose is wearing green today?

Happy St. Patrick's Day, everyone? Are u celebrating by wearing green today? #StPatricksDay #fashion #green #luckoftheirish

Happy St.Patrick's Day! Today we are baking lots and lots of #greenguinnessbaileysirishcreamcupcakes!

[ITAR-TASS Eng] Saint Patrick's Day: People celebrating St.Patrick's Day in this photo gallery by ITAR-TASS

People does go work on St. Patrick`s Day ??

FORGOT IT WAS ST PATRICKS DAY AND STILL WORE GREEN HAHA BITCHES CANT PINCH ME

st patricks day? well i just so happen to be irish so yeah, now i wanna do something..

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Hug an Irishman or Irishwoman and don't get into too much trouble today. :)

Lol!!!Has this happened at your house? Happy Monday and ST. Patricks Day Everyone! Hope you all make it a

Just got pinched for not wearing green for the lady that's swipes my card. I'm over St. Patricks day already.

The amount of fucks I give about St Patricks Day. 0 #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Equality Illinois #lgbt #illinois

Love the green ideas for St Patrick's Day, but to suggest frozen avacado margaritas. Fightin words to the Irish :)

Good morning!Today is St. Patrick's Day. If you're not already 3 beers into it, you're doing it wrong.

happy st Patrick's dave!!!!  bet you wish you had ordered your davewear shirt now..

Patrick always looks so nice  gorgiuous!!

Got my Shamrock earrings on so I don't get pinched. Happy St. Patricks Day

Delpo's mum and dad have Irish names Patricia and Daniel but that's all I know. Happy St. Patricks Day.

Happy St Patrick's Day, go neck a whisky.Patrick FXD.

Happy St Patricks day to all our Irish customers! Have a great day! xoxo

Well i guess happy st. Patrick's day

LATEST Kate Middleton Wears High Street Coat To St Patrick's Day Parade - And It's On Sale!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!! Made a cake for my new work peeps!

Happy St. Patrick's Day how many pints tonight? :P

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! In London yesterday Speaking of Imelda inadvertently led the parade shouting

Happy St. Patrick's Day to everyone!  Have a great day, think positive,summer is coming. Team KNT

Forgot today was St. Patricks. Day , shows how irrelevant it is to me .

Happy St. Patrick's Day, peeps! Is your town hosting a parade or festival? Enter our Lucky Day Giveaway for more fun

Working I the rain all day. Happy st Patricks day

I guess st Patrick got mad that every other holiday we r off but his

Awww. I just love this #No_Space_In_Between thing u wrote Nick!!! ;P Happy St. Patrick's Day!!! :D xoxo

Happy birthday to my oldest son Patrick! So proud of you! yes the parade is for you! #paddyrocks #luvutons #greatday

Does everyone and everything have to be annoying and green on St. Patrick's Day? #StPattys

Good Monday and Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's day Nialler. Hope you have an amazing day. (: xx

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all!  Have a safe and fun holiday! Stop by the AOH luncheon if you're in Omaha! 60th and Grover from 11-3!

Good morning Twitter world. Happy St. Patrick's Day

I'm going to try,it's Monday,and St.Patricks day,not a good combination.

One emerald isle, so many literary gems. Celebrate literacy! Happy St. Patrick's Day! #writers

Happy St. Patricks day  I have my green.. in my blunt lol

Wtbs:  Happy St. Patricks Day Everybody! ! !

btw Happy St. Patricks Day to all my irish followers ily

May I pose the idea of not allowing midterms on st Patricks day?

I've been wondering why everyone was wearing green. Just realized its St.Patricks day. Luckily, I ended up wearing green today.

Happy Leafericson Day and happy saint Patricks day

Happy St Patricks day to all my Irish family and friends in Ireland and England

Via Instagram, St Patrick's Day across the world . . .

Oh and happy St Patricks day to everyone else too

I ain't know it was St. Patricks day today

Happy St. Patricks day Nialler. Don't drink too much !

uhmmm. but my name is not Patrick.. lol

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!! MDTeam xxx

Happy St. Patrick's Day Everyone! Hope you're wearing green if you're a wee bit Irish or just want to be! #Ireland #StPatricksDay #Slainte

It's St. Patrick's Day, but it's also birthday! Happy Birthday to my Irish hubby! #irishbirthday #HappyStPatricksDay

Hello my dear Chris happy Saint Patrick's Day! I send you kiss and hug!

I JUST REALIZED ITS ST. PATRICK DAY but really what's the point of it

Happy St Patrick's Day from Mathew, Michael and Morgan

Can Someone Please Explain To Me What's Saint Patrick's Day

Almost a quarter of a million people will march in today's St. Patrick's Day parade in New York and by god none will be gay!

my grandfather's name was Patrick. So an honorific thing

Trying for another indoor soccer city championship tonight It's St Patrick's Day so wear Green if you come watch.

great to meet you last night! Enjoy St. Patricks Day !

I have seen this a bunch of times online over the last year or so but it is perfect for Saint Patrick's Day.  :-)

Happy St. Patrick's Day all. Come check out our exclusive TBEC St. Patrick's Day treasury!

And to all the people that realize TODAY is Saint Patrick's day and not Sunday, happy saint paddy's day!

Saint Patrick = Green + Gold = Golden Eagles = #MVHS + Awesome students, teachers, staff, parents = Best comprehensive high school in the CO

Green button down, 'Irish Catholic Pride' t-shirt, and my socks on. I'm ready for St. Patrick's Day.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Who is going to join me at the Leprechaun O'Gala today?10 a.m. - Musical Jamboree at

KMOV-TV: Good morning! Happy St. Patrick's Day! Today is going to be chilly but dry whic

Don't get why we celebrate st patricks day more than we do st Georges day..

i hate St Patricks day a lot

People make more of a big de of St. Patricks day than St. George's

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Wear green and eat potatoes! #littleleprechaunhere #love green #lovepotatoes

I don't like the commercialization or stereotyping associated with this day but I love the story of St. Patrick. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy Patricks Day to you from #IrelandInspires watch  #share

St. Patricks Day!!! How bout some luck today?

it's St. Patrick's day or something.

Today is St. Patrick's Day, and if you solve today's quiz your 'Pot of Gold' awaits. So, from Fort Lauderdale,

Person: Happy St. Patricks day, where's your green?Me:

If you're in a pinch for some green, stop by Greenway and pick up a John Deere hat, t-shirt or hoodie!  Have a Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patricks day. Make bad decisions and let this be the best day you never remember.

Top o the mornin' to ye!  Happy St. Patrick's day. It must be my Irish roots, but man, I LOVE green!  This photo

Happy Saint Patrick's to our friends cuz the Fonz says so #impressionsmke #geturirishon

Join me this morning at 10/9c on Home  Family! I'll be celebrating St. Patrick's Day by teaching you all about

Some green for your St. Patrick's Day!

La fheile Padraig Sona Daoibh - HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY EVERYONE! May we all find our pot of gold in our

Oh fuck it's St Patricks day.

From Rick's Blog: St. Patty's or St. Paddy's?  #stpattys #stpaddys #stpatrick #stpaddysday #stpatricksday #ireland

Pretty sure this will be my St Patrick's day outfit

St. Patricks Day Morning turn up with my mom lmfao.

Spoiler alert: St. Patrick isn't even Irish.

Happy st Patricks day to all. Never forget that it is irrelevant how many generations you go down, we will still claim you as Irish

Saint-Patrick Irish Times Pub #Charleroi  #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day from SimGar!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!  Enjoy the luck of the Irish.

it's St. Patrick's Day, this only means 3 words.drunk niall selfies

I think its who is making me eat lotsa sweets these days.. Again i wanna try those seasonal bakes #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Pat's Day, IDSers!!

Happy Saint Patrick's Day from KC HOP TALK!!

Have a wonderful safe St. Patrick's Day! If you have any housing questions, our Housing Leprechauns are standing by! 585-546-3700, 10AM-4PM

Happy St. Patrick's Day to All! Irish or Not, wishing you the luck of the Irish!

happy birthday to St. Patrick O'Malley himself

Mathis on the meaning of St. Patrick for today.

Recipe for coffee on St. Patrick's Day! :) Cheers!

WTF!! Then why do people drink on st.Patricks day

Happy St Patrick's Day! I hope our clubhouses have plenty of barrels of #Guiness in!

In Time Cat by Lloyd Alexander, time travellers meet the future St Patrick as a British slave in Ireland.

you just cannot beat a good verse of hail glorious st. patrick.

We are now Open! First 100 gets free T-shirts! Happy St. Patricks Day #StPaddy2014 #LuckoftheIrish #happyMonday

Happy St Patricks Day - should I start drinking now? #HappyStPatricksDay

Drinks all around!! Happy saint Patricks day :P

Happy's St. Patrick's Day!  Tell us how you are celebrating!

Happy St. Patrick's day y'allllll

Happy St. Patrick's Day. Wish I could be at Ross Shire today. Scotch Irish Baby!

I def wore green today not even realizing it was st Patricks day. Guess that works out.

Me being festive for St. Patricks day with a green shake ;-) Mint chocolate chip, my favorite!

By Happy St. Patrick's Day: Check Out These Movies Set in Ireland!: Want a way to celebrate St. Patri

In honor of St. Patrick's day, green beer celebrates a century!  #stpatricksday #greenbeer

Extreme cuteness alert!Happy St. Patrick's day.

Today is St. Patrick's Day!  How will you celebrate? Send a little bit of luck with a

St Patrick's Day made much more sense when you didn't have to go to work the next day

Picking purple sprouting broccoli,the unofficial patron symbol of St Patrick. Happy Paddy's day to all DHB followers

It's St. Patricks Day? No way..

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!Today's highlight smoothie is the Spinach is in it.  A yummy mix of freshly squeezed apple juice,

Happy #StPatricksDay! Go green all day with #GreenTea  #drinkbigelow

I wish you a Nice Day Richardson Family Richardson Family Happy St. Patricks Day

Happy St. Patrick's Day!All Mill St. Bottles  Draft Are $1.00 OFF Today At THE METRO!

Happy St. Patricks Day Glen! Wot u up 2 2day, anything special?xx

Happy St. Patrick's Day to everyone! Retweet if you have any Irish in your bloodline! I do! :)

Happy St Patrick's day! my great grand mother was named Bridget Agnus Murphy - think she was irish?

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Be safe! #dontgotojail Police Department

says he wants to bring the Pope to Brooklyn at annual St. Patrick's Day breakfast in Borough Hall.

I wish drinking green beer on St. Patrick's Day wasn't the closest you'll come this year to eating a vegetable.

Happy St. Patrick's day!!  Turf  Irrigation Specialists Inc) on #Yelp

It's St. Patrick's Day, so all lights have to stay green all day?

Happy St. Patrick's Day, Twitter loves! Hope all of you get lucky in some way tonight. ;)

St. Patrick's Day Fact: The world's shortest St. Patrick's Day parade is held in the Irish village of Dripsey. It

We are doing a special story and craft this morning for St. Patrick's day. Come by with the kids at 10:30 to join us.

Working on St. Patricks's Day; At least I'm not missing warm weather. Cheers to those enjoying the holiday!

Is it true that St Patrick was born a Roman Englishman???? I thought the boy was Irish

Welcome Back from Spring Break and Happy St. Patrick's Day.

Time to go GREEN  save GREEN (money) on St. Patrick's Day!

Kaman is going #green for St. Patrick's Day! Learn about sustainable products and services here:

Fuck St. Patrick's Day. I'm wearing pink damn it

Wishing you a very Happy St. Patrick's Day from all of us here at Radisson Blu Birmingham, Irish blessings to you all! #HappyStPatricksDay

The 6th of April could be  mistaken for St.Patrick's day again with 230 of our green team taking on

Happy St. Patrick's day!! Whatever that meanslol

Here is a picture of SKIO - #newproduct #pill #HappyMonday Happy St. Patrick's Day

Happy st Patrick's day!!! Follow that rainbow to whatever you consider your treasure to be!!!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Seeing any strange items dyed green today?

Monday Morning Motivation - Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Photo: allthingsduchesscatherine: My edit - St Patricks Day 2012-13-14

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Medtronic Heart!

Me: happy st patricks day. Nicole: fuck youMe: wheres our liquor at?

Just found out it was St. Patricks day I'm so out of it

Happy St. Patrick's day!! Time to drinkkkkk

Fuck ah st patricks day..i aint fuckin wit no honkey ass crackas anyway

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY TO ALL,  GOD BLESS AMERICA!

Happy St Patrick's Day! Don't forget to submit your Revolution and WW1 essays for our April and Summer print issues!

Happy St. Patrick's Day Ouray! The doors open at 11 am with $3 pints of Guinness and $5 Irish Car Bombs served

Happy St.Paddy's day! Don't forget to wear blue?  #StPatricksDay #whoknew

St. Patrick's color is blue, not green? Hmmm

Squirrel with Irishman Patrick from Federal and State Inspections! The one man St. Patty's parade continues.

The Irish are taking over the world!!! Happy St Patricks Day everyone!! #StPatricksDay #Paddys #Green

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!  Want to really celebrate Ireland?  Join us in Dublin!

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! Sorry I've been absent, but a new video will be posted tomorrow. :)

Definitely didn't know it was St. Patricks day

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Only 17 days until the opener in Lakeland. And 15 until the #Yankees open the season in #Houston.

The 7 biggest myths about St. Patrick's Day, via

I hope everyone has a ROWDY St. Patrick's Day! #getrowdy

Happy St Patrick's Day. Come visit us we are surrounded by Irish pubs. We want to celebrate with you

Hope everyone has a green and warm St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day, everyone! Enjoy it while it lasts

Good Morning! Happy St. Patrick's Day from Willmut Gas. Gas log fireplace feels good this morning. Helps to knock the chill off.

Happy St. Patrick's Day. (Should I get myself a beer todayhmm)#StPatricksDay

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! Google Doodle celebrates patron saint of Ireland  #tech #design

Happy St. Patrick's Day, brothers! Use the luck of the Irish to try something new today!

Ignore the Knicks years. Patrick Ewing was DA GAWD in college.

If I had a list of things I didn't give a shit about St. Patrick's Day wouldn't even make the cut. That's how irrelevant it is.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! What is your favorite St. Patrick's Day tradition? #green

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY live from Boston! Remember, green beer is good but pass on the green oysters! #Irish

Happy St. Patrick's day!!!!  Telecom)

Hard to believe this in NYC. Why the Furor Over Manhattan's St. Patrick's Day Parade?  via

Honey I wuv your sassy meme. You should wear it today. Happy St Patricks and St Gertrude Day!

OMG YOURE WELCOME AND HAPPY ST PATRICKS DAYYYYYY TOO

I want my bloody recompense. Happy St. Patrick's Day.  #StPatricksDay

happy birthday to a fellow st patty day baby!!! Let's party!! #50 #StPatricksDay #happybirthdayroblowe

Happy St. Patrick's day Niall!!!! Have a good one

This time last year, you where in Liverpool on the TMH TOUR. Miss it so much!! Happy st. Patricks Day!! See you for WWA! Xx

Good morning and Happy St. Patrick's Day.  The green stuff and we mean green tees are 25 percent off today in

happy St. Patricks day to one of my favourite Irishmen :)

Feeling LUCKY and blessed for our wonderful customers!  Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Day 3 #IHHS2014 #IHHS14 you ready? Happy #StPatricksDay who's wearing green? Come by our booth n7565 we're doing demos today!

Some day ill do acid and stand on o'connell st. #dublinparade #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day from the Felltarn Friends!

For St. Patrick's Day, is handing out FREE books in all 5 boroughs!

St. Patrick's Day suds already flowing strong at Old Shillelaghs in downtown Detroit

Wee Solo for Saint Patricks Day #guitar #happysaintpatricksday #lespaul #rock #marshall #slash #epiphone

Update: my principal is wearing an all green suit She's definitely in the St. Patricks day spirit. Wow.

Happy St. Patrick's Daynow get fucked up!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Make sure to integrate #LuckyCharms #GreenEggsandHam and #Bailey's into your diet today.

Happy St. Patrick's Day my tweeps!  #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day to you sir, njoy ur day.  :-)

Good Morning twitter friends and Happy Saint Patrick's Day!

someone just wished me a happy saint patricks day like it was my birthday lmfaoooo

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Dad is very festive :) FL

Happy Saint Patricks day!! Great way to start the week!

happy saint (pinch me and I'll punch you in the fucking face) patricks day.

Funny how English people celebrate Saint Patricks day more then saint George's day #idiots

I don't care if it's St. Patrick's day and I'm not wearing, a nigga better not pinch me

Yo, I thought Patrick's day was the 14th?

The only good thing about St.Patricks day is that we don't have school! #irish

After an awsome weekend Black Anemone thanks everyone for comming out to the show! We'll see you next time until then happy St:Patricks day!

8:05. Happy St. Patrick's Day. #green #317

Happy St Patrick's Da to all the Irish and wannabees! ;-)

I missed the Bart train I wanted by 40 seconds because I had to fill in one of my eyebrows I'm giving you all hate for St. Patrick's day.

Happy St. Patrick's Day from our pint-size Irish!

I have a concert tonight. in boston.. on st Patricks day.

SF support PSNI in NY St Patricks parade, that should tell their sheep all they need to know about SF and it's so called republicanism

Happy St. Patrick's to my fave Irish man

I don't care for Saint Patricks Day that much.its lame asl

Mmmm this Sparx mango strawberry is delicious! Good morning to all and Happy St. Patricks day!

Don't just wear green this St. Patrick's Day, save some! #GetCovered with #AffordableCare:

Happy St. Patricks day babe!! Hope you have a great day!! Are u going to Ireland or are ya staying in London?

I am not with the St. Patricks day thing, the only thing I want green is money.

Happy St. Patricks day! Another reason to enjoy life #StPatricksDay

After her St Patrick's Day party at her playgroup

Aww damnit NBCSN tonight?  It's St. Patrick's day I don't need dumb puns from Pierre between the glass

Guinness bread available today to celebrate St Patrick's Day.

Numericable's Patrick Drahi plans fixed-mobile champion with SFR  via #cable $VIV $NUME

I'm quarter Irish love ya Happy ST. Patrick's

So does everyone hate St. Patricks here? #catholicprobs

Come by early and get your St. Patrick's Day celebration on! $3.00 margaritas and beers green all day!

Part of being a kappa delta means never having to search for green to wear on St. Patrick's Day. #GreenAndWhiteTillIDie #HappyStPatricksDay

happy st patricks day big bro.

Happy St. Patricks Day from  Sign up todayget a MASSIVE 17% extra luck! #EFL #ESL #TEFL

On this St. Patricks day I will be studying. #college #yay

Wishing I was in New York for the St. Patricks Day parade with all of Pelham bc drinking 40's out of Dunkin Donuts bags is frowned upon here

The beginning should be close to St.Patrick's Cathedral now

Happy Saint Patrick's Day Zayn! Hope you have a wonderful day, have fun and be safe!! Much love xx - Kenan

Damn it's St. Patrick's Day. I swear if I go out this door and somebody pinch me, I'm slapping fire from they assbelieve that

wearing green for St Patrick's day. RMW always brings festive to :)

To all my Irish friend and family both near and far, Happy St. Patricks's Day!

Happy St Patrick's day to you Aine!

Just the Thing for St Patrick's Day - Andes Mints Chocolate Cupcakes  via from

If anyone pinches me today imma pinch their skin off their face Happy St. Patricks Day!

I hate St Patricks Day. Never like seeing green in the halls here at Gilmer HS. Lol

Even if beer isn't your thing, you can still enjoy a St. Patrick's Day inspired drink! This Mint Shake is a favorite!

Weather: expect a wet and windy St. Patrick's Day

oh damn i should've worn a green veil for st patrick

I've never stopped to think what St. Patrick's Day was about until this year. I'll pass on celebrating/erasure too.

Will somebody please explain the point of St.Patricks day to me.

Happy St. Patrick's Day.  The color green is a powerful one!

Not a bad weekend to be Irish , Happy St. Patricks day to all ! #rbs6nationschampions

I celebrated St. Patricks Day on Saturday and I don't think I'll ever celebrate it again.

100% does not feel like st. patricks day

St. Patrick's Day Party Ideas: Printables, Favors, Food, Decorations, and More

I have no idea how to ask in Irish so I'm just gonna ask in English haha please upload a St. Patrick's Day video x :D

Stupendous! (Or rather: terrible) RT: The worst Irish accents in film history..   Happy St Patrick's Day!

Good morning, and happy St. Patrick's Day. We are open all day today (no Evacuation Day for us). Call 978-538-9055 or

Happy St. Patrick's Day #Topeka! Join us after work to toast the day w/ a Bailey's Irish Coffee made w/ Slainte!

We want your #ViewerFeedbackhow do you celebrate St. Patrick's Day?  Best read on air!

The Palms Bar  Grill, in Maryville, Missouri, claims they are throwing the world's shortest St. Patrick's Day

oh shit it's st. patricks day and I don't have any green

Happy st Patricks day. but Danielle and I would appreciate our powder puff clothes back. K thanks

Don't wait to find a four leaf clover, get out there and seize the day!! Happy St.Patrick's Day to you!

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all of our friends!  We are lucky to have you!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! I can proudly wear a beer hoodie to work today and not look like WT.

Happy St Patrick's day from my little leprechaun and faeries.

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  This is a picture of me kissing the Blarney Stone in 2009.  I spent the summer in

Everyone is a little Irish today, Happy St. Patrick's Day!

to all you IRISH at Heart, Happy St Patrick's DayMay the luck of the Irish and all of God's blessings be with you

Happy St. Patrick's Day, Ramblers! If you or anyone you know is interested in working in Damen, our first info

Welcome back to school. Happy st. Patricks day!

I hereby announce the day after today, St. Patrick's Day, Portuguese Festa Day, because us portugees need a day too.

Now if only St. Patrick were in bloom for today. Man it's a show-stopper!

Stay tuned for an exclusive St. Patrick's day discount at

(via POPSUGAR) This Is How Kate and William Do St. Patrick's Day:

You got it! Happy St. Patrick's day to you as well, have a great week!

Top of the morning to ya. May this St. Patrick's day find you healthy, wealth and wise. :D

Reading the guardian in bed with coffee and the cat. Don't need at Patricks day I'm all about that middle class 40 year old life

Happy St. Patrick's Day from all of us here at Transformations! Make it a great day!

Mason and I would like to wish everyone a fun and safe St. Patrick's Day.

Happy Recovering Alcoholics Awareness Day! Today they are the only ones NOT drinking! #StPatricksDay #Irish

It's St. Patrick's Day, or as it is known in Ireland, Monday. #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day from  Don't forget to wear your green and visit our Facebook page for more!

This black man walked up and asked where my green was at. I was like ??? And he said it was St. Patrick's Day. #IAintGotWeed

St. Patrick's Day is the perfect time to hit the links - it's green and there is plenty of beer

It is St. Patrick's Day and us here at Zigfrid von Underbelly of Hoxton have been preparing a very special day

hahahahaha:)Cheers and Happy St Patricks Day!!!

Fuck Saint Patrick's Day Only Green I Got Is In My Swisher  In My Wallet

Happy St Patricks Day to all! Double D's take 2 stages by storm 3-5 at The Albion then 8-12

Happy St. Patrick's Day, my friend! You're the best! Cheers!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! On today's blog: #bbloggers

Happy Saint Patrick's Day!! Here are some fun facts about today:

I am thrilled to be sharing a stage with John Patrick Schutz on April 5th. Have you reserved yet?

Happy st. Patricks day people and especially all the irish people

Have a Happy St. Patrick's Day O'Peeps!

Happy St Patricks day!!! :D have a wonderful day!! :D 3 xxxx

Patrick's day where is my beer?

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!: My family has always celebrated this day, as my Mother was a 3rd generation Branagan

Last month, the St. Patrick's Center provided 725 families in need with emergency food. #StPaddysDay #WilmDE

So, who's Irish out there or feeling Irish today? Happy St. Patrick's Day!The Barranco ClinicWinter Haven,

Oh goodness I suppose it's St. Patrick's Day! Happy day to those celebrating-- don't drink too much green beer! Or do. Your call.

Sen. Lavelle and Sen. Cloutier are attending the St. Patricks Day Society annual breakfast. Happy St. Patricks Day!

The 1 time I ever went to the NYC St Patrick's Day parade, I walked into a random bar  my 3 brothers happened to be there #hadnoidea

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! Seen alot of people out saturday trimming those summer shrubs.Trying to get

Happy St. Patrick's day, sweetie. *smooch*

Space alien sighting: guy using a computer kiosk in the gym to look at Wikipedia article on st Patricks day

Wishing everyone a happy St. Patricks day.How do you like this?  #WHODAT#WHODATNATION#AWESOME

I think this is my first time in a class on St. Patrick's day since like..my sophomore year in high school lmao wut

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Read about HindSite's St. Patrick's Day tradition and why you should have some too:

Why not, it's ST. Patrick's day!

happy st patricks day from the mcmahon clan!

Happy St Patricks day to all my fellow Irish followers! 25% right here!

a st patrick day is not one without

It's St Patrick's Day.  Does that mean we HAVE to have cold drizzle to feel Irish?  I wanna be Irish on holiday in Turkey!

wtf it's St. Patricks day?! I was more worried about coming back to school then that!

Love St. Patrick's Day show!

3 people have tried to explain the point of St Patrick's Day to me today, I give up

Happy St. Patrick's day everybody drink upp

Happy St Patricks Day to ALL. Put on some GREEN go out into the world  share some joy  love. SMILE!!

Happy #StPatricksDay!  Today, in #NYC is the largest and oldest St. Patrick's Day parade!  But there are others!

Happy St.Patrick's Day to whomever actually cares about it.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Who is your favourite Irish actor or actress?

Happy st patricks day if you go out you better wear something green

Four ways to mark St. Patrick's Day during #ShamrockSnow  #dc #snowday

Happy St Patrick's Day From the Spyce Team

Good morning Facebook  Happy St.Patrick's Day..

Happy St. Patricks Day! Can't wait for a post-work irish inspired drink ;) #irish #StPatricksDay #luckoftheirish

Happy St. Patrick's Day from KHC Wealth Management!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! And what better way to celebrate than with some

Who is St. Patrick nd why is he significant?

Boston St Patrick's Day parade boycotted by Mayor Marty Walsh over LGBT float exclusion  via The Independent

Looking for a St. Patrick's day activity? This one is cute, easy and messy:-)!

Is it just me or does anyone else notice that on st. Patricks day everybody seems to be a little bit Irish? #Stop #YoureNot

Happy St Patricks day to all of our clients, colleagues, suppliers and of course lovely followers too! #StPatricksDay

Happy St Patricks Day to all the lovely Irish

Enthusiastic crowd lines Dublin streets for St Patricks Day - Irish Times..  #poker

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!Today's the day when you can enjoy the once-a-year special Shamrock Jajang!

It's that day again but it's St Patricks day so I guess it's mandatory like everyone else that I say I have some

Good morning all! Happy St. Patricks Day! Also shame on the NYC parade for their draconian LGBT views. Props to companies who protest also.

Happy St Patricks Day to all our beautiful clients , friends and family !

whats the point of saint patricks day

Anyone whose not Irish on St. Patrick's Day

Well explained. Thanks Alan - All the best for St. Patrick's.

How many of you have seen the river turned green? Chicago River Dyed Green for St. Patrick's Day (PHOTOS)

Blame the Guinness! Not my fault it's so tasty. Happy St. Patrick's Day MusicMonday!  #MondayBlogs via

Happy St. Patrick Day to our Irish and American fans!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Today is a good practice run for Blue  Green Day! #DonateLife

Happy Saint Patricks Day!  Green colours and patterns to brighten up your day  #StPatricksDay

is all decked out for St. Patrick's Day! Don't forget to wear green! #GDU

Beans St Patricks Day Festival tonight CRUISE CHESTER - Chester's Hottest  Most Glamorous Nightclub!!Big night

Happy St. Patrick's Day from all of us at the Morning Show! #manicmonday

Guinness pulls out of NY's St. Patrick's parade over ban on gays  via (This is awesome, way to go Guinness!)

Afternoon Arianna :)) Happy St. Patrick's Day to You.

Happy St. Patricks Day to all my fellow Irish people. Enjoy your alcohol while my 19yr old underaged ass drinks Irish Tea!

Aw, man I don't have anything green to wear. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St Patricks Day!  Glad to be fully recovered from celebrations on the weekend #21dayCleanseStartsToday!

Be Alive wishes you a happy Sant Patrick's Day

Sooo this came up on my Facebook.. Lol happy st. Patricks day? #imabarney

Lol I didn't even know today was St. Patrick's Day

Green Beer and New England Boiled Dinner ~ all day!  #stpatricksday

St. Patty facts!St. Patrick was born in England.His color was blue, not green.There were no snakes in Ireland

Happy st Patricks day for youi love Irish and Ireland!

Sorry St. Patricks Day but I partied way too much this last weekend that I don't think I can celebrate w/ u 2nite..Sincerely, still hungover

A little history about St. Patrick's Day!Irish people brought Saint Patrick's Day to what is now the United

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone.  Can't believe it's not raining on the Parade!  :-)

yes but it kinda counts as acceptable for St Patricks day right?

Happy St. Patricks day! Looking forward to this tradition  deliciousness later!

Got my green game going for Saint Patrick's Day feat. supergapr

Happy St.Patricks Day aka #Green #Beer Day!  Happy a great one!

Happy St Patrick's Day!  Kiss someone wearing green.Today's Specials:Reuben OmeletThin Mint PancakeEggs

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Newz Group!

Just yesterday I was like when is St. Patricks day.. #storyofmylife

St pats day obviously isn't a big deal if no one remebers it! #StPatricksDay #noeffortmonday

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Have a happy  healthy one!  Visit The Family Doctor for your #family medicine!

Love this coin, perfect for St Patrick's Day! Why not add one to your collection?

memories of singing on St Patrick's Days past. Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!! :D

What will make my St. Patrick's Day great is if the announce the firing of RAJ and hire me to replace him.

Happy St. Patrick's Day from across the pond! I shall my pint(s) of Guinness to all my friends and family today!

Like a good saint, St.Patrick promoted the death of a harmless animal

Kina grannis, owl city, paramore, simple plan, kyle patrick, katy perry, askingA3

Happy St Paddy's Day!! Have a great one  slainte to my friends in Ireland. #StPatricksDay #paddysday #ireland

who is st. patrick? someone tell me

When I was in 5th grade I got tired of wearing green for St.Patricks day, so I just told everyone my boxers were green.

Happy St.Patricks day!!! and remember its your duty to drink #Guiness xoxo!!

The Saint Patrick's Day special is The Brooklyn sandwich  hot corned beef swiss cheese 1,000 island dressing on

Wearing something green today? Happy St. Patrick's Day, everybody!

THANK YOU FOR FOLLOWING ME AND ALL THE FOLLOWERS! HAPPY ST.PATRICK`S DAY! TO ALL! I WISH ALL A SAFE, HAPPY DAY!!

A hearty Cleveland welcome on St. Patrick's Day to Irish Health Minister Reilly and other guests from the Republic of Ireland

Idc if there is green on my clothes u DO NOT pinch someone that has green in their eyes that's like rule #1 of st Patricks day

How do you celebrate Saint Patricks Day anyway?

Happy St. Patricks day!!  Dropkick Murphys - The Dirty Glass - Live on Lansdowne

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!Now get up here for our Biggest Day of the YearIt's going to be one Hell of a

I genuinely do not understand what being LGBT  identifying as such has to do with a St. Patrick's Day parade. :

Spend some time learning about St. Patrick today. He was a man worthy of respect.

Registering to My Clubcard Account = less paper, more green. St. Patrick would approve. marketing :)

Happy St Patrick's day order before midnight and recieve a 17% rebate on 2 or more bottles .

Apparently Saint Patrick is the patron saint of engineers, which is pretty cool.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Eating my cabbage in the form of Ethiopian tikil gomen today! What GREEN will you enjoy? #StPatricksDay #nutrition

St. Patricks day is both a cultural  religious holiday commemorating patron Saint Patrick  to celebrate the Irish culture in general.

Deciding if I should drink now or later for St. Patricks day because I'm already stressed the fuck out

5 Spots for Your Own St. Patrick's Day 'Pot of Gold': You don't need four-leaf clovers, leprechauns or even th

Just got hit in the shamrocks with a lollipop I think the kids in this St Patrick's day parade have the strongest arms in Europe

Forgot it was St. Patricks Day today to wear green Does Mountain Dew count?

Happy St. Patrick's Day y'all! Don't get kidnapped by pirates! #irish #patrick #middlename #english #green

Allianz Arena on St. Patrick's Day.

Don't feel like going out drinking? Celebrate St. Patrick's Day at home by watching a classic Irish film like Leprechaun: Back 2 tha Hood!

I had no idea it was St Patricks day when I got up.

17 things that shouldn't be green -- but are! -- on St. Patrick's Day  Happy St. Paddy's Day!

Awesome St. Patty's Day graphic from #StPatricksDay

I really don't like that st. Patricks day is used just to get drunk #irishandproud

for the day thats in it.. the man himself at the Hill of Tara ..Happy St Patricks day peeps..

Celebrating St Patricks day in Manchester tonight can't wait!

Happy St Patrick's Day! There will a Facebook giveaway happening this week, keep your eyes peeled!

Happy St Patrick's Day! Looking forward to at  tonight

Happy st.Patricks day #pcb send us your St.Patricks day turnt pics!!!!!!

Printables, crafts  quizjes omtrent St. Patrick's Day!

I can finally wear my St Patricks Day shirt ON St Patricks Day this year! #irishdancerprobs #lettheshenanigansbegin

Had Lucky Charms for breakfast and didn't even realize today was St. Patrick's Day

Hope y'all have a fun St Patrick's Day! Sendin' out much love to all our Irish friends and family (even if your just Irish for the day) :D

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Everyone gets to be Irish today!

Its a little late to say this but I'll say it anyways. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Wearing green and my Celtic knot necklace I got in Ireland for St. Patrick's Day! #stpatricksday

I always forget about St. Patrick's Day. Lol

The dining hall isn't supposed to have corned beef tonight What the fuck is St. Patrick's day without corned beef?

Omg i just noticed its St.Patricks day

Happy St. Patrick's Day! May we all have a little luck of the Irish today and always. #StPatricksDay

#Eonline #TopStory Kate Middleton Gives Shamrocks to Irish Guards on St. Patrick's Day--See the  #CelebRSSFeeds

good read by on being proudly Irish and against st. patricks day

Happy St. Patrick's Day! What are you wearing that is green today?

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Have fun, and drink responsibility; have a safe way to get home :-)

Happy St. Patricks Day!!!FREE SHIPPING on orders over $25 with code LUCKY25.

Happy St. Patrick's Day friends! Anyone have a special tradition for this day?

Happy Saint Patricks days! We know Mr. P Hollern is up there in heaven celebrating his favorite holiday!

Happy St. Patrick's day folks! Here's a playlist for your festivities:

Happy St. Patrick's Day to you Murph !

idek who st.patrick is or if thats actually a person

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all! Green Beer is flowing, come celebrate at Blarney!!

I feel bad for my liver , day 6 of boozin #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day! We hope your day shamROCKS!

There's always at least one person on social media timelines complaining about St. Patrick's Day. Nobody asked you to celebrate b!

Happy St. Patrick's Day. The pot of gold end of the rainbow can never equal the crowns awaiting U N heaven. P4U  fam

Colts owner Jim Irsay arrested  charged with DWI in Carmel Indiana at 3:07 am on Saint Patrick's Day! WOW! #WHIPLASH HEADSHAKE!!!

Insert witty St. Patricks day drinking joke here.

kyok patrick lak an mbink..??wkwkwkwk

Can't believe it's been a yr since we partied like the Irish  spent all of St. Patricks in downtown Dublin.

Happy St Patricks Day! Or as I like to call it, Day of Green! :D

Is this #StPatricksDay or #groundhogday? More snow in Maryland 3 days til spring! Stay safe! #assnchat

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Hope you felt that earthquake.

It's St. Patrick's Day, I'm throwing up, and I don't even drink #food poisoning

Happy St Patricks day folks, wish I was home to have a Guinness or 10 :(

Happy St. Patricks Day Everyoneand Day 17 of National Nutrition Month!SOjust pretend this is green!YUM!!!!!

It's St. Patrick's Day in New York City!  Just like when Godzilla escaped, but with more vomit.

People do realise they can be pro-England without having to whinge about St Patricks Day yeah?

#ISFCommCrew HOW ABOUT TAKING ME HOME WITH YOU FOR ST. PATRICKS DAY ??

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Post an insta selfie showing off your green today using #mak

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  all of my wonderful Irish followers!

Good morning!  Happy St. Patrick's Day!   Here is your chance to recognize a colleague who has built a successful

Happy get drunk then pass out early day! #StPatricksDay #Cleveland

The 17 Best Non St. Patrick's Day Green Sneakers  via

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Today's All Request Lunch Hour themeIrish artists, Irish songs, or songs that mention

Why not buy some genuine Irish music for St. Patrick's Day? Warning: May stir up love for and faith in Jesus!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Today's a great day to sign up for our Big Fun Run 5K!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Here are some fun craft ideas to celebrate the holiday!

I walked out to go get some breakfast and got attacked by my entire family for not wearing green. Happy St. Patrick's day everyone!

Earthquake.  Good morning.  Happy St. Patrick's Day.

Attention all slutty girls there is a St. Patrick's Day party at the slutty boy mansion right now, be there or fuck yourself #StPattysDays

HAPPY ST PATRICKS DAY TO ALL MY PEOPLE, I GOT MY GREEN FOR TODAY!!! LOL

The fact its Monday softened by St. Patrick's Day - would be rude not enjoy at least one or two pints of the black stuff - for Grandpa Joe!

I hate all the stuff that was taught about st patrick

Happy st Patricks day, come celebrate with our brand new edition to the bar o'hara's Irish stout

We made it!  St. Patrick's Day!  Wishing you all the Luck of the Irish today!  (and every day!)

We will be featuring a St. Patrick's Day menu all day. Come in and enjoy a #local #beer with your meal today!

Who's coming over to day drink all day today?! #StPatricksDay

Yes, I'm wearing green. Yes, I did it on purpose. Yes, I look real good. Happy St. Patricks Day.

does everything have to be about who someone is f-ing its a St Patrick's day parade!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Tough to tell if people are jigging or just shivering in the streets.

Actually cannot wait for theSt.Patricks day match this Saturday!! Best game of the year  against bath #COYI

Happy St. Patrick's Day! celebrated using our #green polish Stone Crop with Gold accents. chic + grn

Earthquake while I'm at CVS at 6:25 in the morning. Happy Saint Patricks Day!

Who's got their #green on today?  Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!

What's St. Patrick's Day like in Ireland? Irish stew, for starters!

Happy St. Patrick's Day from the #Taigan team!How did you celebrate over the weekend?

DAVIDsTEA is celebrating St. Patrick's Day! #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! Stay safe out there

Fuck the four leaf clover and fuck St Patricks Day

Happy St Patrick's Day everybody. It's a great day to be irish. Think il knit some shamrocks in Donegal tweed. #cliche

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Have you watched my olive smoky eye tutorial yet?!

Happy St Patty's Day! Erin go bragh! #StPatricksDay

Yay! The big one is hitting on St. Patrick's day -- Guinness time, bitches

Happy Damnit I Forgot to Wear Green Day!  #StPatricksDay

wish you a happy St. Patricks day too! :-)

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Which teams out there have green uniforms?

Happy St. Patrick's Day to those of us blessed to be Irish.  And to the social climbers who pretend!

Bad St. Patrick's Day Ideas: Turn all traffic lights to green!

Happy St Patrick's Day to all our Irish followers. Hope you're having great craic!

It's a very wet  St. Patrick-y Day #17 of The Dingo Walks in Love Free Art Drop Extravaganza! Stay tuned for clues :) #onespark2014

Happy St. Patrick's DayMay the luck of the Flamingo be with you! :-)

having your bday on st patricks day is really a blessing  a curse smh

Happy st patricks day hope to wrk i go

Happy St Patrick's Day to one and all! Raise a green one today!

Hoo-hoo! Wishing you sweet St. Patrick's treats and of course, lots of giggles! #HappyStPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Irish Charm Wedding Inspiration

**HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY, GALLERY FANS!!** We are offering a glorious special today only: If you are wearing

Happy St.Patrick's Day #Earthquake!(Hope everybody is O.K.) #OnlyInLA

Busting out the green today! Happy St. Patricks Day from ! #akrikks #holiday #menswear #womenswear

Happy St Patrick's Day girls, big hugs all X

Scenes from this year's Southie St. Patrick's Day parade:

We're a little Irish. There's me(Shauna), my sister Erin and my brother Patrick. #StPatricksDay

St. Patrick's day #earthquake in Los Angeles. Holy shit. #LA

Happy Saint Patrick's Day #Texans Fans

Transport minister Patrick McLoughlin confirms Camden Town section of HS2 project will be axed

Happy St. Patrick's Day from #Omega Juicers!

Yo I was watching tv and didn't see one black person down on 5 th av celebrating St patrick day .smh what's up with that #FL

So I just realized it's St.Patricks Day and I'm wearing green.   #GingerProblems

Thanks! BTW Wha Yippee is a Patrick's Day baby? And none of his suits are green?

Spending St. Patricks day home sick with Earl! #timehop #1yearago #earl

St. Patrick's day: make it green!

THINK GREEN: St. Patrick's Day is a great day to scan open positions at CoServ. #Jobs #Careers

In honor of St. Patrick's Day, I believe I will throw a few back for my Irish heritage.

Here's a floss tip for St. Patrick's Day!

Wishing everyone a Blessed St. Patrick's Day and everyday!!!

ABC15: 200+ St. Patrick's DUI arrests statewide  #news

Patrick tries to explain the Trinity. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St Patrick's Day! Spread some luck of the Irish with a donation to HappyBottoms! Donate right from your

Almost ready to march in the Killarney St. Patrick's Day parade! #ireland2014

For the peeps wondering who saint patrick was, Erin go bragh

Have some last-minute St. Patrick's Day fun with these three awesome game ideas.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Enjoy a #healthy Matcha Protein Shake

To all of you participating in the St. Patrick's day shenanigans stay classy

Who is St.Patrick and why does this nigga want me to wear green

St. Patrick in da air this morning

Irish brewer Guinness pulls out of NY's St. Patrick's Day parade due to ban on gays  via

To all of our followers be safe out there today and have a fun filled St.Patricks Day #gcpoms

Happy St Patrick's Day everyone have a fun day and be safe

Leprechauns aren't the only ones with gold this St. Patrick's Day! Stop in and pick up something special for the Irish person in your

Happy St. Patrick's Day from the Star Team!

Happy St. Patrick's Day, Peeps!  Enjoy the day, wear your green and get your IRISH on!

Seamus Connolly  Jimmy Noonan perform for Irish American Partnership St. Patrick's Day Breakfast

happy St Patricks day and is my birthday today

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! Get Your Lucky Cube and Do What Matters!

wait wait TODAY is St Patrick's Day? there is ANOTHER day of dodging drunk people in green?

Had a dream that I was married to Patrick Dempsey. I'm thoroughly upset that I woke up

why pink tho. It's St. Patricks day?

Happy st patricks day to my lovely irish family .xxx

DAMN. That was a jolt!!!!.Happy St. Patrick's?.hey I'm not even drinking!!!

Happy St Patricks Day!  From your friends at Salsburys Dodge City

I didn't even know it was St. Patricks day and I wore green

Happy St Patricks day!!  Nothing kills joy faster than worry. Kay Warren

50 Shades Of Irishmen or Happy St.Patricks Day!  #gifs #JamieDornan #ColinFarrell #DomhnallGleeson #PeterOToole

St Patrick's day only means one thing to me, Schools Cup Final!!! Mon the Sullivan #MCBwankwankwank #schoolscup #StPatricksDay

I'm in way to good of a mood for a Monday. Happy saint Patrick's day

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY! PRAY FOR US.BYR365

Happy St. Patrick's Day from your friends at Jessica's! Don't forget to pick up our Irish Soda Bread, with or

What's the point of St Patrick Day?

Cute St. Patrick's Day Cookies

Happy St Patrick's Day! Please take the proper precautions if you'll be braving the weather. #snowpatricksday

Good morning beautiful FB peeps Happy ST Patrick's Day  / MCM. Remember the size of your problems is nothing

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!  Don't ruin your hard work by partaking in too many shenanigans ;)  Fitnessista Mom

You know you want to celebrate St Patrick's day E.C.D. in Amherst with myself, Ross Harriss, and Karen Axelrod; Robin Hayden calling.

does anyone know what the point of st Patricks day is?

St. Patrick's Day Special: The science of pinching:

Its st. Patricks day. If you don't wear green you get punched. Duh

Happy St. Patrick's Day! DON'T COUNT ON YOUR IRISH LUCK  COUNT ON YOUR DESIGNATED DRIVER TO GET YOU HOME

To everyone in Ireland's Chordoma-land a very happy St. Patricks day from all at Chordoma UK.

We're seeing green! Are you? Happy St. Patrick's Day from Peak Advisor Alliance!

Happy St Patricks Day! It's a great day to be Irish!! Texas

Wait. St Patrick's Day PRESENTS?!?!?! No. Wear green, speak in a very flawed Irish accent, drink green beer (if you are of age.) That's it.

Happy St. Patrick's Day from all of us at RWCO.!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Wear your green to the store today and receive 15% off your purchase.  Just mention you saw it here!

That's better.  St. Patrick banished snakes, not slaves, from Ireland

Didn't know today was St.Patrick's day whoops

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Or the day everyone reminds you they're at least 1/8 Irish on their mom's side.

There was an earthquake in Los Angeles. I guess St Patrick is displeased!

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY T Y'ALL!!

Fun fact: Saint Patrick is the patron saint of engineers#HappySaintPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Did you know the odds of finding a 4 leaf clover = 1 in 10,000

Wearing black  white today. I forgot it was St Patricks day. Not that I own bright green clothes anyway

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  To all those celebrating, safety  happiness!  #MagicalHugs

Happy St. Patricks Day!  If your in #LA you woke up to an earthquake.  My #dog gave zero warning!!! 4.7

Happy St. Patrick's Day from the staff at Dakota Foot  Ankle!

Lmfu Patrick and Spongebob are seriously the cutest best friends ever .

Tonight at the view st Patrick day live music

Happy St. Patricks Day. Come into today and get your FREE promotional green accessories. Valued at $30 dollars or

Top of the morning to you! Have a happy St. Patrick's Day! #StPats

You Californians really know how to one-up people for St. Patrick's Day. Hope all are safe.

From all of us at 7 Seas Adventures we like to say Happy St. Patrick's Day!

You're in luck! Celebrate St. Patrick's Day with 17 cent shipping today only at  with coupon code: IRISH17

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Only a few more hours, everybody.

Real life leprechauns for this St. Patrick's Monday. #gogreen

We are closed today for St. Patrick's Day. See you tomorrow!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Make sure you are wearing your green!

To most people: Happy Saint Patrick's Day!   To alcoholics: Happy Monday!

10 inches of snow on St Patrick's Day in DC and it's still snowing. Strangest weather!!

Happy St. Patricks Day Warriors! Check out our St. Party's Day video here:

thank the gods I am not in the states tonightFull Moon on St. Patrick's day that is almost like the recipe for a perfect storm

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Ill be mixing at Slim And Chubbys in strongsville from 8-12.  Come see me and lets make this a night to remember!!

Happy St. Patrick's Day, from the beautiful Patrick xxx

Happy St. Patricks Day everyone! Hope you all get some luck today!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Be sure to get your green on!

It's only 10:30am and the majority of St. Patrick's Day revelers here could teach the jar of eggs sitting on the bar a thing or two.

It's St Patrick's day. you should follow all the Irish Heroes

Happy St. Patrick's Day from the Emerald Isle of the Caribbean! See you parade and in Heritage Village! #Montserrat #BlendedRhythms

In 2nd grade people were scared of me on st patricks day bc I was a a$$hole and I pinched people really hard

From 7 Biggest Myths of Saint Patrick's Day:

St. Patricks Day at Disney World!!

TSN's Top Ten GREATEST Hits in NHL history,,Happy St. Patricks Day! #cjay

Got my irish on! :) HAPPY SAINT PATRICKS DAY EVERYONE! Especially :)

ST.Patricks Day isn't about anything politicle or gay rights.Its about Irish heritage and celebrating being Irish

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Celebrate with us at Aurora, St. Charles  Geneva - Call

It's my day. Happy St. Patrick's Day. :)

An #Irish birthday to my #husband on St. Patrick's Day!  BLOG: Happy Birthday, #929  via

Happy st. Patrick's day! Put your smiles on and have a wonderful Monday! :) love me and my family!!

Today the chruch remembers Patrick, Enlightener of Ireland

HAPPY RICH GOLDEN GNOME DAY. Who those who don't understand.  Happy St Patricks Day

HAPPY ST PATRICK'S DAY  GO GET WASTED. LOL

Happy st Patricks day everyone! The girls won't be pinched today!

UghI'd rather be St Patricks Day'ing

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all of my Irish friends!  For Krauts like me, remember that Oktoberfest is just around the corner!

Happy St Patricks Day to all of our Irish Members and Twitter Followers

Irish stew at Semilla, Paris.  Happy Saint Patrick's Day!

Spending my St. Patricks Day at my desk #pratnc #wontstopcantspot #lovethegrind #WorkHard

St Patricks Day on the streets of Dublin

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Love seeing all the (Sukup) green around today! #HappyStPatricksDay

#Patrick'sDay : Wearing a golden ring on my jacket (Friends of Bayreuth) which is also a sign of recognition for Gaelic speaking people

I love wearing green on St. Patricks Day because it reminds me how close I look to being a leprechaun lol #gingerproblems #redhairdontcare

that was god saying wake up and drink it's st. Patricks day brah.

I think St. Patrick would be horrified if he knew what the day commemorating his faithfulness and courage has turned into. #stpattys

Today is St. Patricks Day  every year if no one in my house wears green I pinch them  Even my mommy! (But not too hard lol)

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Flashback to one of our fun couples Laurie and Seth and their St. Patty's weddings a

64, the hype is dying down. Either ayHappy Saint Patricks Day everyone! I have to go change my shirt there isn't any green on it..

Happy Saint Patrick's Day from the Irish Riviera!

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! Enjoy a green beer (or cider if you're gluten free like us)!

Blow me Bagpipes! Cuss Me Kilts! I wish you a happy St. Patricks day lad. Have a lucky day. I know I will with with my #1 Dime!

Happy St. Patrick's Day.  Who felt the earthquake?  Are you all shook up?

Interesting and Unknown Facts About St. Patrick's Day Infographic from Bloggy Moms!#StPatricksDay

Loving this St Paddy's day label from Jameson's :  #StPatricksDay

Oh hey it's st. Patrick's dayIs there a point to this holiday or?

happy saint Patricks day! You know what that means! Oh idy didy didy didy didy didy iye!

It is St. Patrick's Day! Are you wearing green? In related news we will take donations of corned beef at lunch today :)

Srry idc if it's st.patricks day green eyeshadow is not acceptable

Happy st. Patrick day nialler!!* and everyone out there!

Happy St. Patrick's Day Everyone! Time for a nice pint of #Guinness :)

The entire #NexGenCrew would like to wish everyone a happy St. Patrick's Day.

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Here is a little Irish humor for youHope you stay safe and share the luck of the

Had to share this cutie my friend Susan sent to me! Have a Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!!!

Happy St. Patrick's Day to everyone today (especially all my Irish friends). Have a great day and enjoy..

top of the mornin to ya, Seano Patrick. How about Iggy O'Shamrock

Happy St. Patrick's Day! We have a huge day in store for you. - .50 cent wings all day- $3.00 drafts all day-

St Patrick's Day last year #uni#stpatricksday#stpaddys#3rdyear#missit kathrynmichellex

Happy St. Patrick's Day! We hope it's lucky!

Happy St. Patrick's Day Snow Day! =D

The Allianz Arena in Munich on St.Patrick's day. Incredible. #FCBayern

Earthquake in Hollywood. All good. This is just what I get for missing St. Patrick's Day in NYC. #StPaddysDay #Earthquake #GoodMorning #LA

Happy St. Patrick's day harry edward styles

Forgot it was st Patricks day and I'm really Irish oops

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Looking for something green? Try a Spinach and Provolone Ultra Thin Crust Pizza

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Why not give our latest issue a read?

I think you're the only family I have left to wish Happy St. Patrick's Day to. Hope you have a good one!

Happy St. Pat's.Cellebrate as the Irish really do with a meal featuring lamb.  #StPatricksDay

March 17, 2014: Boston St. Patrick's Day Events Divide City, Nickelodeon Announces Kids' Choice Sports Awards,

Just wandering, why is St Patricks day celebrated more than St George's day in England?

Tonight the Book Nook  Java Shop at 6:00pm for the St. Patrick's Day Bash!  There'll be a great dinner featuring

Saint Patrick's Day is for the pagans. Must read:

oh yeah all this talk about earthquakes and i almost forgot happy st. patricks day.

i don't really care that it's st.patricks day

No green dye required #allnatural. Happy St Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Joseph's Hairstyling for Ladies and Men :)

Who's little one is wearing green diapers?  Post a pic in the comments!  Happy St. Patricks Day!!

Lizzie and Mika could have used some St. Patrick's Day luck YESTERDAY. Too soon? #TheWalkingDead

Sonny and everyone at Great Lakes Weim Rescue says Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!

Thanks to all musicians, dancers  singers Club #BigBreakfast, fantastic community atmosphere for St Patrick's Day #EoghanRua #GAA

Happy St. Patrick's day! Green beer and Irish food is on the menu tonight! :)

Stay safe today: St. Patrick's Day revelers advised of options for safe rides home

If the non-Hispanics don't celebrate cinco de mayo then the non-Irish should not celebrate St Patrick's Day

I can't believe that was only a 4.4 It felt soo much bigger. Happy St Patricks Day

The leprechauns were busy last night! Have a very Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Well.. Good morning and Happy St. Patrick's Day lol

What an honour and dream it must be to run out with your club in Croker on St.Patrick's Day #Jealous

What a beautiful day today for St Patricks Day celebrations, Why not come in  celebrate with us #StPatricksDay

Great to see our students enjoying the break! Happy St.Patrick's day to all!

I forgot to wear any green whatsoever. I'm horrible at having my birthday on St Patrick's Day.

Happy St Patrick's Day! May all your beers be a Guinness, your whiskeys be Irish and your music be pipes.And if

got it here in Manhattan Beach!  Happy St. Patricks Day in LA!

Happy St Patrick's day Nathan ! :)Have you got something green on?

Happy St. Patrick's Day, welders! RETWEET if you are an Irish welder! #stpatricksday #welding

HAPPY ST PATRICK'S DAY!May your blessings outnumber The shamrocks that grow,And may trouble avoid youWherever

Hello my dear Ian happy Saint Patrick's Day! I send you kiss and hug!

Happy St. Patricks day everyone! hope you all have the luck o' the Irish! #HappyStPatricksDay

Nothing says St. Patrick's Day like a traditional Irish snowfall. I wish that was a cocktail and not a comment on Toronto weather.

Chaos now in #Dublin as float carrying #Galway dancers has instinctively veered towards Supermacs entrance on O'Connell St #StPatricksDay

On this St. Patricks, I've decided to speak to everyone in my best Irish-Migos accentlike, loud, staccato british variations of words

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Ashton Woods in Dallas!  Whip up some hearty Irish recipes in  in your Ashton Woods

Happy St Patrick's Day. Hope y'all have fun. Lets see who has the luck of the Irish

Happy St Patrick's Day 2014- Fantastic and #Inspirational- Proud To Be Irish  #IrelandInspires

Happy St. Patrick's dayyy. If you pinch me I'm gonna punch you yaaayy.

MONDAY - Saint Patrick's Day, Campfire Girls Day, Well-Elderly DayEnjoy

Never iron a four-leaf clover,because you don't want to press your #luckHappy St.Patrick's Day from

Kwanzaa is for black people st patricks day is not only for white people there's loads of black people in Ireland

For St. Patrick's Day, check out this post from last year when we discovered there was a KCLR in Ireland!

Check out: 5 Ways to Stay Healthy this St. Patrick's Day-Lauren Leonard's Blog-Westwood, MA Patch  via

An Irish proverb for a Happy St. Patrick's Day! #mondaymotivation

I had no clue it was St.. Patricks day and I wore a green sweater. Luck?

Celebrate St. Patrick's Day by being polite to leprechauns.

Honestly was there even a St . Patricks day last year?

It's St. Patrick Day  Really totally slip my mind  FUCK GREEN I WISH someone would pinch me I will punch u

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Rita's of Danbury!

Having a doctor's appointment on St. Patrick's Day and missing class #seemslegit

St. Patrick's Day as a company holiday is one of my favorite things about I may not be Irish, but I've been to Ireland!

Happy St. Patrick's Day form our Irish family to yours!

Just in case you didn't see it bc of FB weirdness, here is the info for an awesome St. Patrick's Day Pinterest

One 6 Guinness today for st Patricks day ey?

Too not white to celebrate st. Patricks day

St Patricks day the only day on the year where everyone wishes they were irish.

It may be St. Patrick's Day, but please, please no colored green food. Just thinking of it makes me turn green. #YUCK

Happy St. Patrick's Day! We're going green with Anna Sui x as seen at #AnnaSuiFall14

I totally forgot today was St. Patrick's day, I've been celebrating it the last three days. I think I might sit this one out Lmao jkjkjk

{Monumental Monday} Happy St. Patrick's Day! #shareGJ

Happy St. Patricks Day form everyone here at #PaddysDay #Ireland #Irish

Saint Patricks Day 2014 via #instagram's photo

Who is out celebrating St Patricks Day today?

We practiced for months! Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's day from our Fighting Irish!

Looking to plan a last minute St. Patrick's Day get together? We've got you covered:

Why the hell do so many people celebrate St. Patricks day but they're not Irish or even have any links to the country? Do you do the same on

Happy Saint Patricks Day to you all . Those who will be out celebrating stay safe and please don't drink and Drive but have a great time

Happy St.Patrick's Day from our Accounting Department here at Quadrel Labeling Systems. #GreenFun

I'm Irish and I've never got a kiss on saint patricks day

Hopefully this Monday with be lucky since its Saint Patrick's day.

Top of the Mornin' to You! Come join Cooters for some St. Patrick's Day Fun!  Corned Beef and Cabbage, Reubens,

An Irish blessing on you all! Happy St. Patrick's Day! Now, go drink your weight in green beer!!

4 Party Perfect Cocktails for St. Patrick's DayGet the celebration started with these sweet drinks:

Happy St. Patrick's Day from all of us at Ricardo's!

Have a SWEET St. Patrick's Day :-) 3

Happy Saint Patrick's Day!Today's Special: $1.00 off any large pizza.

remember on st. patrick's day when you're little, you would walk into class  find trails of leprechaun footprints and candy on your desk

So what is st Patricks day. I know I can just google it and I prolly should know by now. But hey it's never mattered in my profession

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Spend the day with us on our indoor driving range - remember to wear green!

St. Patrick's Day: the one day a year I get to fully embrace my height, red hair, Irish heritage and subsequent leprechaun-ness.

St. Patricks Day isn't a real holiday.!

Ready for GH, but not to hear Patrick say that he HATE Robin..#GH

must admit I hate st patricks day. I don't mind proper Irish people doing it. It's the twats who aren't Irish that piss me off.

my girlfriend woke up and ran away, i was still in bed. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's day to all.  The day everyone seems to be at least half Irish.

Republic open today regular hours including tonight's special St. Patrick's Day Blues Monday!

Hi Greg! Auguri for the St. Patrick's Day!Ps: Theo and Denise are doing well?Sorry for my English but I'm italian :)

Happy St. Pat's. Missed our White Plains parade, can't make NYC's? Check out Chicago's St. Patrick's Day Parade

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Performance Water Systems! What are you doing to celebrate? Just remember: One beer.

3rd snow day of the season coincidentally on #StPatricksDay. This is going to work out nicely. #snowpatricksday #snowday

happy st patricks niall!! I'm not irish but i love this day

Never been quite able to explain it but St. Patrick's Day has always been my favorite holiday

Happy St. Patrick's Day from everyone at AndersonGlenn LLP!

Happy Patrick's Day to you and yours.

Hoping everyone had a great St. Patricks day! Hope my customers love their necklaces!!! My daughter is making hers right now for today:)

I wasn't dreaming of a white St. Patrick's Day.

It's St. Patricks Day  We All Need The #LuckOfTheIrish -- Enjoy!

Happy St Patricks Day! Just a reminder, we are closed today for professional development.

I feel like I'm the only person not drinking this St. Patrick's day #ImLame

I thought the earth moving under your feet was supposed to happen later in the day #StPatricksDay

Oh crap it's st. patricks day and I'm not wearing green

Really disappointed in this schools St. Patricks Day spirit. Nobody is wearing green

Oulala team wishes you all a very happy St. Patrick's Day! #StPatricksDay #StPatrick

EQ in LA! was that the Leprechauns digging for their pot of gold? Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Knee high SSE wind chop with a green tint to it today. Happy St. Patricks Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Don't forget to wear your lime green this week!! All dancers are more than welcome to

Happy St. Patrick's Day Gerald!!!

Happy St. Patrick's Day Everybody!!! Sanders Palace

Don't forget to check out the St. Patrick's Day Featured Artifacts page on the website to see more Irish objects!

Pressure to sneak away from office is bad enough with Brackets to do, add in St Patrick's Day and its unbearable

Hello my dear Rob happy Saint Patrick's Day! I send you kiss and hug!

Just having a feed, then it's off to see what St Patricks Day in NYC is all about!!!!

Happy saint Patrick's day earthquake.

Happy St. Patricks day folks !!! Holden and east side do have some spencer Trappist left FYI

Happy St. Patrick's Day!Here are some Irish Drinking Songs#SNL Hey look, it's !

Wow today's Monday, but since its St. Patrick's day it makes it more bearable

Make Monday your bitch.  #MusashiThisMonday  Happy St. Patrick's day!

If anyone is interested in joining me tonight and is prepared to shop, I am having an online St. Patrick's Event

Happy St. Patricks day to all of my Nigerian neighbours

Working next to an Irish pub on St.Pattys day is pure to torture. #Dublins #oshkosh #StPatricksDay

No hangover, a gift from St. Patrick himself

have a good st Patrick's you beautiful human being!xx

Yes its saint Patricks dayNo I'm Mexican so I wont be wearing any green besides my uniform is blue

Happy St Patrick's day with our Irish beauty in issue 6 photography by

Ella keeps asking me if we're going to Meredith for Patrick's birthday #HappyStPatricksDay

The first St. Patrick's Day parade took place in the United States on March 17, 1762, when Irish soldiers serving

It's been St. Patricks day for like 4/5 days now lol.

March Madness - St. Patrick's Day show at The White Horse: Yes, friends. SXSW has come to an end. But mu  #KUTX

A bit o'green, a sign of spring. Happy Saint Patrick's Day.

Lol ain't nobody know it was St. Patrick Day except for probably the college students

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all! Who needs green beer when you have freshly made sangria?! Try our Mango Sangria-

Me too, should have went to the St Patricks parade instead

I hate St. Patrick's Day, I hated when I was drinking and I hate it now. It's one of the most pointless holidays.

It's St Patricks day but I work tonite.  Looks like this morning I'm gonna do laundry and get day drunk. Happy St.Patricks Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! We are open from 7am to 7pm today!

Oh ya, it's St. Patricks day. I'm trying really hard to care guys, I promise.

I know it's St. Patrick's Day, but it's too early to be tipsy. Go home L.A., you're drunk! Some of us are trying to sleep! #earthquake

I might like St. Patrick's Day more if it didn't feel like a marketing ploy to sell green beer and leprechaun hats.

#MovieMonday covers a few film ideas for St. Paddy's Day:

Don't understand St. Patrick's Day obsession if you're not Irish. We have our own patron saint's days which aren't celebrated nearly as much

I think LA just hijacked St. Patrick's Day. #earthquake

Who was Saint Patrick? An article:   or a short video:

Happy St.Patrick's Day! Make sure to look for this guy while havin' a pint!#HappyStPatricksDay #Daydrinking

St. Patrick drove the snakes out of Ireland and into Chicago politics, an event celebrated with a green river and big parade on Mich Ave.

I heard St. Patrick danced a little jig beneath Los Angeles this morning.

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Enjoy a traditional Irish meal.

Meatless Monday has a St. Patrick's Day theme this week. #MeatlessMonday

Rocking the red beard in honor of St. Patrick's day.. Lol jk #TooLazyToShave

me and my irish hat wish you an happy sant patrick's day! Have a good one!;)

2 years ago it was 80* and we were golfingnot today, but happy St. Patricks day!

Why is everyone saying happy st patricks day like it has the same meaning as happy new year or Merry Christmas

Today is st Patrick's day and it is my 37 year clean birthday from heroin! So we have a quake. I'm from Exeter

St Patricks day feels like a great reason for a beer?

That's how you know mother nature does not like Mondays or St Patrick's day

Join us tonight Belfast for a massive St. Patricks Party! VIP and Guest List Available by PM or

Northeast Consulting Group would like to wish you a Happy St. Patrick's Day! #StPatties2014 #Marketing #Workflow

Get yo green on everyone! #qu'Patricks day!.

Happy St. Patrick's Day Barons Fans!!!  Don't miss St. Patrick's Day in July during the 2014 season on July 17th.

Happy St. Patrick's Day from the PTO Today crew!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! If you're going to enjoy a pint today - try one at an Iowa craft brewery! Visit

I didnt even know it was St. Patrick's Day. . . lmao

News: 25 Irish Hotties Who You'd Want To Get Lucky With On St. Patrick's Day!

St. Patricks day is a wack holiday.

Why couldn't St. Patricks Day be on the weekend..?

Happy St. Patrick's day! I don't have corned beef or cabbage, but I have meat and potatoes! Tis a good day to be Irish!

FACT: St. Patrick wore blue.FACT: If I get pinched today, I won't be extremely happy.

How are you celebrating Saint Patrick's Feast day?

Happy St Patrick's Day!  Westport Inn -

I think I just felt an earthquakecan I go home  celebrate St Patricks day now?

Happy St. Patrick's Day the one time a year everyone thinks they're Irish

Happy St. Patricks Day from all of us at Northfield Savings Bank. #nsbvt #oink

When you're one of the few people wearing green on saint Patrick's day

That's funny that senior skip day is on saint Patricks days

yo its St. Patrick's day!

Enough about the earthquake lol Happy St. Patricks Day!

I wish I was at a pub or something right now man Happy St. Patrick's day y'all.

Happy St. Patrick's Day Everyone! Don't forget to wear green today. Check out this great St. Patrick's Day craft

3 years ago today you signed your St. Patrick's Day hat And gave it to me. So technically it's our 3 year anniversary

We going downtown for St. Patrick day Tonight. Lol

i totally forgot that its St.Patricks Day and i got all dressed up but now people are yellin at me for not wearing green! #NotAPerfectWorld

For St. Patrick's Day, I decided to sport an emerald-coloured tie. #MyGreen

Happy St Patricks Day to all and remember don't get too drunk, we all saw what happened in The Simpsons :P #HappyStPatricksDay #Ireland

Happy St Patrick's day from the RatedHolidays team #StPatricksDay

Non-stop Tunes on The Beat 92.5FM al day :) Happy St Patricks Day folks from DJ Riri  Louise

It's the Monday coming back from spring break, remembering it's St. Patricks day is nearly impossible

Go home, Earth, you're drunk. I know it's St. Patrick's Day, but you could wait until noon, at least.

Happy St. Pratrick's Day! Who's celebrating? I know these 5 cities are! #stpatricksday

Where is Ethiopia day? Italy day? Mongolia day? How about a frigging Jamaica Day where everyone gets stoned?#StPatricksDay

Happy st Patricks day Can you follow mw pleaseI love youbest wishesx1

Happy Saint Patrick's Day !!! I'm not Irish but kisses and hugs are always welcome ;-)

Happy St Patricks Day . toast to all

One of my ex's texted me last night to tell me he was planning what he was wearing for St. Patrick's Dayand

I would say Happy St. Patricks Day but here at Miami we don't celebrate until Thursday #GBD

It's a great day for the Irish the greatest country on earth #irishpride #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patricks Day! I hope you are wearing green!

Happy St. Patricks Day! This is as festive I get for today. #Blackhawks #HAWKSWIN

only in high school do kids still pinch people on st. patricks day

Happy Saint Patricks Day / Boondock Saints Day

St. Patrick's Day 2014, pic #1: festive baby socks

It is St Patricks day after all?!

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY from The Shores at K-Rock! Come to the office and see what the luck of the Irish brought you!

Got some green on and in me and ain't even know it was St. Patrick's day

Happy St. Patrick's day from all of us here at Town  Country!!!

Happy Saint Patricks Day!! .. And of course, happy birthday to !

Yoooo let's get wasteddd it's St. Patricks Dayy!!! grow up kids. It's Monday.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! May it be a good one.

TODAY: Great St. Patrick's Day sale! 50% off green clothing! ( .99 green tag sale!) #thrift #deals #Nashville

At the Reflecting PoolWe were hoping for more green on St. Patrick's Day! #comeonspring

she was born  raised in England, just like St Patrick ;)

Today is st Patricks day  if one of you dirty hoes pinches me you will be meeting Jesus .

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Pick up your copy of today's edition of TP Street!

Since St. Patrick's Day is our favorite holiday we will be open today from 11am-1am. Come in and get some corned beef while it lasts!

Since when is saint Patricks day in March????

St. Patricks Day is great. This 12 degree weather though is not.

St. Patrick's Day Fashion for Steampunk Women:

u lads! Teasing u fans and on St Patrick's day! Speaking of St Patrick's day what u guys have in mind?

I can't help but laugh. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

A sunbeam to warm you,A moonbeam to charm you,A sheltering angel, so nothing can harm you.~Irish BlessingHAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Pangeatwo!

Dont think i'll get much boxes on St. Patricks Day

Happy St. Patrick's Day to All.  The Prayer of St. Patrick  I arise today Through the strength of heaven; Light of the sun

Now that's a St Patrick's Day party when you have a Leprechaun pouring booze down your throat !!!!!

Aww Griff is just so adorable just like you hun  I hope you have a #Happy St Patrick's day love you and Griff loads xxx

Seems like u are celebrating St.patrick day by guzzling up a lot of Guiness, chief.

I'm beginning to enjoy all this State Aid! Can we have a hover-pitch next?Happy St.Patrick's Day. Hail Hail.

Adulthood on St. Patricks Day is worrying about avoiding drunk drivers. Call a cab or a friend, ok?

Happy St. Patrick's Day Miss O'Rourke :) Also To My Lovely Friend Paula! Xx

Happy St. Patrick's Day!! We had to share this great photo sent to us from one of our wonderful client's who just

Happy st.patricks day. Baby I love u iam here baby xooxoxoxxooxoxoxoxxoxooxoxox ido ido from your wife who loves u babe

It's My favorite day of the year! St. Patrick's Day! #Irish #Grean #Beer

okay well why you put d's in there when Patrick has a T in it?

Just heard on NPR that St Patrick was English and did not drink. Stupid white people #StPatricksDay

thank you! Happy St Patrick's Day. Here's a recipe in return :)  #green #healthyeating

Happy St. Patricks day to all my Irish folk!

thus, I would like to take this time to discuss your St. Patricks Day idea

It's yummy and not corned beef! Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Woke up, got dressed, realized it was St. Patrick's Day. Looked down, realized I was already in green. SCORE. (I'm almost always in green)

st. patrick's day without guiness beer? just because gays are excluded? come on catholics, have a heart? LOL

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  May the luck of the Irish be with you today.  You're going to need it to find any four

Happy St Patrick's Day! WATCH THIS:  #guinness #StPatricksDay #stpattys #ad #advertising #beer

Why do people get all excited about St Patricks Day in England yet dont give a toss about St Georges Day?  #dumb

Doesn't feel like St.Patricks Day at all

Happy St Patrick's Day from the SHAMROCK  City Grill

Hurry up and finish school day. I've got an Irish holiday to celebrate #StPatricksDay #hangovertuesday

Happy St. Patrick's day! I hope someone pinches your fat!

Happy St Patrick's Day! Check out one of our favourite boozy homes  #HappyStPatricksDay

Wearing my Irish colours today from to celebrate St Patrick

Here are my latest thrift store findsone of them #green for St. Patrick's Day!

Don't forget to throw on a little green today! Happy Saint Patrick's Day. We have all the meats for a great

Happy St. Patrick's Day to everyone celebrating! May the luck of the Irish be with you.

thats fucking bullshit rupert. its not a fucking religious holiday  ST. Patrick just drove snakes out of ireland

wants to wish everyone a Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Aye Laddie! The Irish are making our presence known! Erin Go Bragh!! Happy St. Patricks Day Bossman!

Happy St. Patricks Day and Happy Birthday to an amazing sister that is so talented, funny and creative. Love you!

Just came from the grocery store and if another one of these fools tell me Happy St.Patrick's day imma drop kick

Happy St. Patrick's Day to the only person I know who bleeds Irish  !

St. Patrick's Day morning moon!

St. Patrick's Day! Everyone looks so good in their green. #lovethisday

3 Spiritual Love  Gratitude 3Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!! 3 Liz

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!  Ha:-)

Happy St. Patrick's Day!Check out our Pinterest for more ideas:

Happy St. Patrick's Day!Come on in and see all the spring items we've addedNew Wreaths, Spring Flowers,

Happy St. Patrick's Day from all of us at Don Brown Bus! Drive safe!

Everyone's Irish today! Come by the Nautilus Market for our St. Patricks Day Irish Feast from 11-2. #stpattysday #pinchme #uwfdining

hell of a way to start your St. Patrick's day Monday off, that's for sure.

Happy St. Patrick's Day from The Olson Group!

Wait today is san patrick day?

St Patrick's Day celebrations under way worldwide - RTE.ie: Siliconrepublic.comSt Patrick's Day celebrations u

Happy St. Patricks Day Everyone! (: Too Bad I Ain't Wearing Green To School though. :/

If people complain about Valentines Day being a tacky commercial holiday, St.Patricks Day is no better.

my dead irish ancestors appreciate st.patricks day more than i do, sadly

Quick and easy mani for the day that's in it #StPatricksDay #irishbbloggers

Wishing all the Supernatural Family a Happy Saint Patrick's Day.   *Jensensgirl3*

Happy st Patricks day all ! OVs , Ron Francis Whaler green, and Irish whiskey = not too shabby a party!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!! can't wait to dance at Green Parrot and Steam! #irish #yay #greattobeirish #rincerirocks

Happy St Patrick's Day! Anyone planning a party tonight?

St. Patricks's Day is underway!!  We have everything you need, full kitchen, corn beef and cabbage with soda

#stpatricksNewYorkStateofMindEnt wishes you a Happy and Safe St Patricks Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Wish us luck on securing new projects to Jonesboro this year!

Happy Birthday to my Da, Saint Patrick Himself

How am I supposed to pay for my St Patricks Day if at isn't here?

Photos: St. Patrick's Day cheer for all ages on Old South Pearl Street  via

Happy Saint Patrick's Day to all our staff, residents, and their families. Are you wearing your green today? #StPattysDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all the fellow Irishmen out there!

Happy St. Patricks Day y'all! Hope you're wearing your green! {or else, we pinch!}

It's Saint Patricks Day uh oh

What does one even do on st. Patrick's day besides pinch people and wear green?

St. Patrick's Day isn't even fun unless you're 21.

Wishing everyone a fun and safe St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patricks Day! I'd wish you a rocking one but you may have had enough of that today!

I have a red hair  I am drinking a Guinness.At 7 am.*raises glass*Happy St. Patrick's Day!

St.Patrick's say at UNT and no one is wearing green.

We should have a day off for st.patricks  day

Happy st Patricks Day , here is our sensitive green range , to be in with a chance of winning some of our

St. Patricks day was actually originally a British holiday, and the original color was blue not green..

Happy St. Patrick's Day, remember the sacrifice of a man who lived  died to bring the gospel to Ireland transforming the nation.

Happy St Patrick's Day babeee. I love you so much

Happy St. Patrick's day. And happy anniversary to my parents! Should be a great day!

Wait it was St. Patricks day yesterday?

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Sanctuary. Join us at starting noon for a #StPatricksDay Celebration!

~*~ Happy St. Patrick's Day ~*~   Have fun, be safe, wear green, kiss someone Irish  CELEBRATE (((hugs)))

Today we celebrate St. Patrick's day, for it was he that first drove all the paddlers from the land and into the water. #kayak #canoe

Is this boy dressed as St. Patrick the biggest rehab ever? Yes

Welcome back and Happy St. Patricks Day!!!! Hopefully you didnt forget to wear green, you don't want to get pinched!!

a retweet for a fellow O'Neill on Paddys Day please?? #irishborn #StPatricksDay

Top of the morning to Ya! Have a happy St. Patrick's Day!

Yeah, you see me wearing a Cinco de Mayo shirt on St. Patrick's Day. I won't conform to your norms, Man.

Happy St. Patrick's Day to you too, Miss Gail!!

Google has the #claddagh today for St. Patrick's Day, just like my ring! #stpatricksday #irish

Happy St. Patrick's Day from your friends at First American Title!  #realestate #AZ #FirstAmerican

Saint Patrick's Day is now safe for white people! Is Cinco de Mayo next?

just noticed your profile pic, Love it! Happy st. Patricks day lovely, making Guinness cupcakes later, I should save you 1 ;) xxx

Happy St. Patrick's Day from all of us at Homes by McKenzie!

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! How are you spending the day?

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all! Pop in to the mall  enjoy the themed music playing throughout  don't forget to wear green! #StPatricksDay

via St. Patrick's Day 2014 parades proceed amid tension over gays: A weekend of St.  #IL #Chicago

can I get a happy St Patricks day for an Irish Habs fan? Stayed up until half 2 watching the game last night #GoHabsGo

The only reason the pub would be empty for on St Patricks day is the parade! #stpatricksday #LafeilePadriag

Happy St. Patrick's Day! This map shows the biggest St. Patty's celebrations across the United States!

oh yeah today's st patrick's day

Happy St. Patrick's Day, #CelticsNation!Which Celtic are you all repping today?  Personally, I'm wearing the

Happy St Patricks Day, put a smile on this guys face and adopt a pet!  State shelter finder

Huge congrats to both of U. Fantastic news, he wasn't waiting past St. Patrick's day.

Driving a green Chevy is sure to put you in the St. Patrick's Day spirit!

Wishing everyone lots of luck on this St. Patrick's Day!

The 2014 Chevy Spark will help you go green this St. Patrick's Day.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! What GREEN from Missy  Me Design are you showing off today?!

Happy St. Patrick's day to everyone! Especially you! Irish buddy! Have fun and be safe today!

Happy Saint Patrick's day to all my Irish friends If you wanna share some of your Irish luck you know where i am! #HappyPaddyDay

#StPatSkerries Patrick lived on a local island. He had a goat to provide him with milk. He went to the mainland 1 day to convert the locals

Today for St. Patrick's I am going to watch The Boondock Saints. It's only right.

4.4 earthquake in california. im safe  the bikes are good. happy st. patricks day.

St. Patrick's Day is for green things. Don't let them be your teeth! Call us for your cleaning! Magnolia 281-356-3721/Tomball 281-516-9919

Happy St Patty's Day everyone!Saint Patrick was a gentlemanWho through strategy and stealthDrove all the

Happy St Patricks Day to my beloved FB friends. May God bless you. May the luck of the Irish be with you

Letting my Irish roots come out today. Happy St.Patricks day

St. Patrick's Day Quiz: How well do you know Irish history and culture in Syracuse?

Happy St. Patrick's Day!May your pockets be heavy and your heart be light,May good luck pursue you each

Earthquake on saint Patricks day Iconic

Get your green on with our book-themed St. Patrick's Day Pinterest board!

Irish BlessingMay you live to be a hundred years,With one extra year to repent.Happy St Patrick's Day! ;-)

Happy St Patrick's Day from Removal  Storage Company! #MovingSoon? Give us a call on: 020 8549 2536

If I knew we would have a snow day today, I still wouldn't have partaken in festivities.  St. Patrick was Scottish.

Happy St. Patricks Day from Oklahoma State Bank!

Ah, another one of our favorite Sounds of Spring! The bagpipes at the St. Patrick's Day parade! What are your favorites?

Happy St. Patrick's Day! These cookies are tasty and festive for the Wearing of the Green today. What are your

Happy St. Patrick's Day! If you want to experience more Irish fun, check out our Ireland Study Abroad program.

Thanks for the favorite! Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day to everyone! //t.co/uVfgBRihhe

Happy St Patrick's Day from your favorite Paddy

Drinking Guinness on St Patricks Day with my girls

You too! Happy St. Patricks Day!

In Honor of St. Patrick - SAVE 30% on ALL My Music! -

Happy St. Patrick Day :))) Godbless :)

Hey Carlsbad, don't be caught without your green! Have a happy St. Patrick's Day and please be safe in your

Happy St. Patrick's Day A Dose of Inspiration or #motivationmonday

Happy Saint Patrick's Day from Battle Red Blog

Happy St. Patrick's Day! What better day to tour your new apartment home?! #tlcproperties #luckoftheirish #springfield #apartment #forrent

It's St. Patrick's day apparently. I didn't realise everyone is America was Irish

Completely forgot it was St. Patricks Day. Guess I got lucky by wearing msu stuff

Happy St. Patrick's Day! It might not be a four leaf clover, but $4 off is a pretty good start to the week!

Happy St.Patricks day! #IrishEyesAreSmilin #TopOfTheMorninToYa #DoWeHaveAnyNewfoundlandersInTheHouse last one was for you lol

kill me nowour local radio station we have on at workis playing old irish songsALL DAY!!  #torture  #StPatricksDay

Happy St Patrick's Day!  Don't forget to dye all of your food green. Food dye is healthy.

Hi happy St. Patricks day. I really love you

This St Patrick's day is sponsored by Mc Donald's #ShamrockShake #SoCalQuake

NYT correction: St. Patrick banished snakes, not slaves, from Ireland #oops

Happy St. Patrick's day. I got some Irish in me somewhere #proudcanadianmut

Find out a bit more about St Patrick's Day at our latest blog!  #StPatricksDay

Today's St Patrick's Day lunch on the Phile? Corned Beef  Cabbage from.wait for it Polonia Polish

Happy St. Patrick's Day. Did you know that Patrick was a pioneer in carrying hope to specific people group? After

a St Patricks day photo for you from #joshspumakittens

St Patrick was active as a missionary in Ireland during the second half of the fifth century.

Sam Adams and Heineken withdraw support of St. Patrick's Day parades in New York, Boston in solidarity with LGBT

That;'s all for now folks.Have a great St Patrick's day.Drive the snakes out of your lives.Peace!

In honor of Saint Patrick's Day:May you always have walls for the winds,A roof for the rain, tea beside the

Yes, happy St Patrick's Day, Trappers! We heard a rumour that some tiny visitors are coming later today! But not Gnomes Hmm

St Patricks Day Fact: The 2nd of the original written rules of hurling was hurlers can be dismissed if under the influence of strong drink.

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Port Clinton Ford!  Have a great day!

Top News: Spectators To Line Fifth Avenue For NYC's St. Patrick's Day Parade Amid Tension - CBS Local

What if it was the law that you had to wear green on St. Patricks day?

Happy St. Patrick's Day.  May your glass be ever full.  May the roof over your head be always strong.  And may

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Port Isabel, TX ya'll!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Here's to good health, good luck and of course happiness. #IrishBlessing

Happy St. Patricks Day! Let's celebrate with the classic Leprechaun in Mobile, Alabama  via

I forgot it was st Patricks day lol

HELLO! HAPPY ST.PATRICK'S DAY :) TODAY IS MY HOLY. I LOVE YOU SO MUCH 3333 CAN YOU FOLLOW ME PLEASE? xx

And the Lenten restrictions on drinking alcohol is lifted which explains the excessive drinking on St. Patrick's Day.

The sanctions imposed by Pres. Obama are  Russians can't come to the US to march any St. Patrick's Day parades?  #PleaseReconsider

Hey Cali, that wasn't an earthquake, that was just me shamrocking your world.Ha. Haha. Ha. Happy St. Patrick's Day, fuckers.

Happy St. Patricks Day!If you overloaded on green beer this weekend, be sure to stop by the Detox Market Toronto

CBN TV - The True Story of St. Patrick  via#tcot #ccot #tlot

Top 'o the mornin' to all. Happy St. Patrick's Day. From this Patrick, to you!

Happy St Richard Patrick Day!

Proper winds me up when English people celebrate st Patricks day.. It's for Irish people!! Why don't we celebrate at George's day?!

Those shoes! That hat! MT Kate Middleton's St Patrick's Day outfit was better than yours:

who wears green ? on st. Patricks day ? not i ..

Oh my glob. Happy St. Patrick's Day my  little leprechauns!

Happy St. Patricks Day Joe!

Amidst all your crazy partying, let's remember what St. Patrick's Day is really about. whatever that may be.

I miss you :( happy St Patrick's day!

Todays key word is not ''happy st patricks day'' its ''DID YOU FEEL THAT EARTHQUAKE''

Join us for corned beef and cabbage, stay for the St. Patrick's day fun.#HappyStPatricksDay #Balloongames #plungerfun

Happy St. Patricks Day!! Come Celebrate with us!!  //  Ladies Night! Free Pool for Ladies 5pm-Midnight  //  $5

Happy St. Patrick's Day - Check out our video featuring from yesterday's St. Patrick's Day Breakfast

Happy St. Patrick's Day, be Lucky in Love! #TruffleStyle

Please check out my business account, and Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day from HSGS! Whether you are enjoying the parade downtown, at home or discreetly at work,

Happy St. Patrick's Day.  Our gift to you, and Irish Proverb.  #marknetalliance

Happy St. Patrick's Day from the Auto Visors.  Please drive safe tonight!

maybe St Patrick's Day is also why still has album still on sale for only $5.99?

Pfft we MD gets snow and Cali gets an earthquake on St.Patricks day. I would call that even.

Drink, fuck, and be merry.Happy St. Patrick's Day.

That earthquake totally stole St. Patrick's thunder. Or accentuated the very need to drink this early. #HappyStPatricksDay

happy st. Patricks day, babe! Have a wonderful day! X

Happy St. Patrick's Day from the CKC Agency team! #stpattys2014 #LuckOfTheIrish #PotOfGold

Colonial New York is the birthplace of the St. Patrick's Day Parade:

A Beautiful St. Patricks day in Arizona!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!! Are you working today?

St Patricks day this, St Patricks day that, fine for the Irish but if you're English  don't support St George day, STFU

I am :) hope u r too happy st patricks day idk idk

Happy St. Patrick's Day! In honor of this holiday, check out this inspiring list of the top 6 #green homes in the US:

Our food and drink offers are still on today!! Happy St Patrick's day! :)

May the road rise to meet you, this fine St. Patrick's Day! #LuckofTheIrish #PAPYRUS #SendStyle

Celebrate St. Patrick's Day with a Shamrock Margarita and Fish  Chips or a Shepherd's Pie with Butter Fried Potato.

Today should be a national day off to celebrate my good friend St. Patrick with a Guinness or ten..

St. Patrick's Day Special Only *** $75 **** for a Global Goal - Rebounder, Goal and Target.

Until the 70's, in Ireland, all pubs were required to be closed the entire day in order to honor St. Patrick. #timeschange

May your blessings outnumberThe shamrocks that grow,And may trouble avoid youWherever you go.Happy St. Patricks's Day!

Literally no. Stop with all the St Patrick Day stuff.

Happy St. Patricks Day from a chilly Long Island. #StPatricksDay #LongIsland #NewYork

Awwww my flatmates boyfriend just flew over from Ireland to surprise her for St Patrick's Day, that is literally the cutest thing ever!!!!

Guinness pulls out of New York's St Patrick's Day parade over gay rights - Guinness is essentially saying:

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Hoping your day is filled with a bunch #green  #Irish fun!

OMG I FORGOT IT'S ST PATRICK'S DAY AND I'M WEARING A GREEN CARGO JACKET FML

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Sunny Las Vegas!

Got my green dress on and my celtic music playing. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

The owner just got us breakfast from Einstein Bros Bagels! Happy Saint Patrick's!

Didnt know today was st. Patricks days

Breaking out the high school Saint Patricks day socks. #privateschoolproblems

The Worst St. Patrick's Day Article You'll Read All Year: How Paul Ryan is Like Genocidal Englishmen

For the old-school Ultima computer gamers on St. Patrick's Day: The tragic death of Dupre demands choral tribute

Rob Ryan Knows How To Celebrate St. Patrick's Day (PHOTOS)

i took a shit this morning and it came out green thats how u know its st patricks day

St Patrick was actually from Wales. Not Ireland

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! Drink Guiness, put Guiness in your food and eat potatoes!

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Juiced Up! Retweet and get $1 off any GREEN drink!#StPatricksDay #JuicedUp #leperchaun

#AntonSolamente ST. PATRICK'S FESTIVAL BERLIN 2014: Four years ago was the first time a St. Patric  #Lafalacia_

Also why do people spell St. Pattys day with two Ds. It's Patrick not Padrick

Happy St. Patrick Roy's day!

Happy St Patrick's Day- don't get caught drinking bad beer- we will pinch you!

Happy St. Patricks day! Luck won't get you on that finals stage, but the work IS worth it! #23days #FinalsFever

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!!!! Have lots of fun, but be safe!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!! Don't Miss Out on the Festivities  See You at 5pm!!! #CapAleMidlo

How about a St Patrick's Day Birthday wish for me on hitting 44 today? My 3 fav women in rock! 3

Even on St. Patricks Day the president still refuses to laugh at my jokes.

Happy St.Patrick's Day To All My Family On Facebook

Patrick wasn't who you think he was! Research today - kidnapped, slave, missionary! No snakes, clovers, green beer.

Happy St. Patrick's Day enjoy I'm sitting at the hospital and then have to go to work the joys of #adulthood

The first sight of green in the garden. Happy St Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all my fellow Irishmen - and those who are just Irish for the day.

Already been accused of not wearing enough green by my 10yo. Oh, St Patrick's Day can be so oppressive.

Happy St Patrick's Day everyone!  Deedly deedly dee, potato. #StPatricksDay

St. Patrick's Day: #DeBlasio honors Ireland's prime minister. #NYC #Brooklyn

For St. Patrick's Day: isohumulones in beer  and chemometric profiling of whiskey

The thing is Patrick was a welsh man :-s ( Well we claim him anyway ;-p  )

HAPPY ST.PATRICK'S DAY! Thats all. Bye Now.

St Patrick's day on a Monday WHAT IS THIS EVERYTHINH IS WRONG YOU CANT BE ALERGIC TO WATER BILD

I'll be the one celebrating St. Patricks day on the actual day.

I'll probably spend this St Patrick's Day regretting weekend decisions, tweeting about dong, and drinking. You know, Monday.

Anyways, Happy St. Patricks Day ..

Im mad i gotta wear this green shirt today lol but happy St.Patrick day

What St. Patrick's Day is all about - a 99 in the car (out of the rain) waiting for the parade to start #blurrypic

Tech to make part of your St. Paddy's Day festivities  via#StPatricksDay

New #Twolves.com header celebrates St. Patrick's Day! --

Totally forgot it's St. Patrick's day. And I'm wearing red. Awk

Next in Potatoes for St Patricks Day: one that looks like Hitler. An 11 yr old made it  said use it to fight fascism

at least its st patricks dayall the luck man.

Remembered that today is St Patricks day, and it's a Monday.I have a feeling half price mill Monday is going to be a full one tonight

With all the shaking I forgot to wish everyone a Happy St. Patrick's Day!

If you wear green and go all out on St.Patrick, mamate. Cause you're most likely Hispanic. Not Irish.

happy st patricks day to you and ronan hope theres a pint of the black stuff involved somewhere xx

wrong, 1 day, today St. Patrick's and tomorrow I'm hungoverthis may not apply to everyone though cause I'm in college #MailTime

If you are going to get drunk today, please do so responsibly.wear a green shirt.Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Join the celebration at Sullivan Tire and Auto Service Hudson Location, 134 Lowell

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!!!! Peace, Hope, and LOVE!

Don't know who's picture but Happy St.Patricks Day

Puerto Ricans big on St. Patrick's Day, are they? ;)

Wow im legal legal now and happy st. Patricks day

What a nice way to start the week!! Happy St Patrick's Day to all!

Wh yall aint tell me it was st. Patricks's day?!

Time-lapse video: Chicago river goes green for St. Patrick's Day

A message from ESN Ireland, Happy St Patricks day! see you at our Paddy party tomorrow! #esn

My favorite #StPatricksDay good luck charm is St.Matthew's medallion #PricelessSurprises

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Avex Homes!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Here's your gardener trivia for today.Did you know that the shamrock - a symbol of

I know my mom loves me because she sent me a St. Patricks day ecard #wasadorable

WEEKEND POLL RESULTS: Do you celebrate St. Patrick's Day? Yes (35%) No (65%)

happy st Patricks day to you too! Go to dogtown and celebrate!

Happy St.Patrick's day from the staff xx-Kate and Agnes

In honor of st Patricks day, my financial economics teacher is wearing a kilt. It's really disturbing. Pictures to come

Happy St. Patricks Day everyone! Come join us tonight in your green! #StPaddys

I'm but I love this pic! Happy St. Patrick's Day #100HappyDays

What a shitty Saint Patricks Day. Why couldn't it be warm out.

What a wake up  on St Patrick's day too!

makes killer St. Patrick's Day scones! Good thing I didn't have time to eat breakfast before I came in. Yum!

Happy St. Patrick's  Day.should be easy for fans to find green.

Happy St. Patrick's day. Monday is the day we all hate, embrace it, own it, only you can control how it turns out.

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Wear green and sign up for the 2014 Coin Drive!  Help Change a Child's Life! -

Happy St. Patrick (Fain Dye) Day! Did you know Auburn has had at least 10 Patricks in their storied athletic history?

Happy St Patrick's Day, according to Steve Sweeney. Cheers to all the Irish at heart, including poets. #Irish #poets

Happy St. Patrick's day from me and my Irish clover.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Save on your lucky gear today -  #PrepareToWin

Sock game is so on point today for St Patrick's Day

Does the fact that it's St. Patricks Day and it's completely irrelevant to me mean I'm getting old?

#Glutenfree and green makes these Guacamole Deviled Eggs perfect for St. Patrick's Day  via

Totaly forgot it was saint patricks day lol

My St. Patrick's day outfit today will have me dress coded when it gets 80 degrees :(

Ireland hold on for last-gasp St Patrick's Day win  espn #ufc #mma

Happy St. Patrick's Day to you! Here's a little Irish to warm your soul. ;) I'll have some super fun book bundle

Proud Mc!! Happy Saint Patrick's Day! Headed to the #nycstpatricksparade

Jewish. Not Arab. Happy St. Patricks Day! #garmy

Top 'o the mornin' to ya! What's cookin' on this fine St. Patrick's Day? Dining in or out today? #danbury

Hello botwin happy St Patrick's day have a lovely dayxx

#NorthernBrewer #PatrickDay Some pairings 4 ur St Patricks Day brew

Happy St. Patrick's Day. Everyone be safe and have fun today.

Happy St Patrick's day, Niall! Hope you have a lovely day and enjoy it! How do you spent the day?

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Heringer Dentistry! Hope your day is full of smiles and shamrocks :)

Fun fact: In Hungary we're celebrating the names. Today's Patrick's day, so I wish you a happy nameday! Make me smile  reply.

Happy Saint Patrick's Day from Criswell Chevrolet of Thurmont!#SaintPatricksDay2014 #DontGetPinched

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Don't forget we will have Corned Beef and Cabbage available for lunch and dinner today!

did you know today is the day St. Patrick died?

Happy St. Patrick's Day from May you have the luck of the Irish and the bikini of a Brazilian.

Happy St. Paddy's day!Here's a wee tune written by my uncle Colin, Raise A Glass To St. Patrick by The Irish Rovers

They should give that stuff to people named Patrick *hint hint*

St. Patrick's Day: a marching mass of drunken ginger zombies

Happy St. Patrick's Day! :-DDid or will you participate in a St. Patrick's Day race as part of your training for

im Irish I think I'd know. Paddy is a nickname for Patrick. Patty is a woman's name. Whole country can't understand why nobody

Happy Saint Patrick's Day to all our Irish Texans! And everyone else as well.Irish immigrants played a large

Why You want to Put Your Brand in the Red on St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St Patrick's Day!  We are lucky to have such wonderful patients!

it's st. Patricks day so it's okay

I'm wearing my, Kiss Me I'm Irish socks, so where are you? It's what St. Patrick would want

Mrs. Carroll's second-grade class has gotten St. Patrick's Day off to a festive start.

Michelle Obama Is St. Patrick's Day Perfection In Green Dress  via

Happy St. Patrick's Day Everyone, let the luck of the Irish be with all of us today ;o)

The Longer St. Patrick's Day Goes On  via

Happy St Patrick's Day. Be safe and enjoy yourself.

Watch: The Life of Saint Patrick of Ireland -

Company 1 Members: No formal drills tonightanyone interested can still go to the FD.  Also, Happy St. Patricks Day from the Officers!

My great-great granddaddy was an Irish immigrant but I don't fuck with St. Patrick's day. But I do love to drink lol

Happy St. Patrick's Day! We hope to see you tonight at MIX! Come Party for a Purpose.

My best buddy's birthday is St. Patrick's Day every year. Mine only falls on Mother's Day occasionally.

Happy birthday Patrick Dempsey! Still don't know how you achieved sainthood Catholicism's weird.

Don't give a damn bout st. Patricks day I wish a mf would pinch me.

Should have bought a st Patrick's day bow from

May the saddest day of your future be no worse than the happiest day of your past. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Church of St Patrick, Llanbadrig, Anglesey Fourteenth-century church said to be founded by St Patric

Good morning!! Happy St Patricks day to you! (Here in Netherlands we don't have this day, but who cares haha. Everyday a party!)

It's St Patrick's day and I'm in the big Apple. Nice coincidence. :-)

Jay Dee Cleaners wishes you a Happy St.Patrick's Day!

Homemade #Irishsodabread and butter. So good. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! - Join Us tonight after 9pm

Happy St. Patricks day from the BOCA fam!!Stop in  check out our MARCH MADNESS Specials before the irish soda

Ew is it gonna be crowded at work tonight since it's St. Patrick's Day??

[Sioux Fls Biz Jrnl] Top weekend stories: Mother's torment, St. Patrick's Day, Warrior glory

It's St. Patrick's Day -and- the 50th bday for Lucky the Leprechaun, learn the history of

I just found out it's St. Patrick Day

More St. Patrick's Day SuperDogs. These pups are really getting into the spirit of things.

(1st half, 13min) St Patricks College 1-11 (14) Omagh CBS 1-6 (9) #GAA #DanskeBankMacRoryCup #AthleticGroundsArmagh #UlsterGAA

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  The Quiet Man-1952 Graveyard Kiss:  via

Need a little #StPatricksDay inspiration?  Take a look at this interior view of St. Patrick's Cathedral in NYC:

And if you both get to shake hands w/ Chris, Hayley or Patrick you'll both die from fangirling and you won't stop slapping each other faces

HAPPY ST.PATRICK'S DAY from all the team at the OXcome join us for dinner this evening - we have Guinness on

Ready for St. Patrick's Day in my sweater I picked up in Kinsale #StPaddysDay #TakeMeBack

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!  Don't forget to get your Oscar Newman LLC Spring/Summer pre-order in because Maggie's

THANKS FOR FOLLOW, HOPE YOU'RE HAVING FUN :) HAPPY ST PATRICK'S DAY FOR U AND GIRLS! xx

Today's classes:Kids gorbals class 4.30-5.30pm(Girls go from there to perform for Saint Patrick's Day)

I'm half irish and I don't ever wear green or celebrate st. patricks day

It's St. Patrick's Day!!! We ate opening at 4pm today. Want to celebrate but not get crazy? We have the right

Great Article on the history and ministry of St. Patrick:Remember Saint Patrick | Desiring God

I thought yesterday was st. Patricks day? Wth

Happy St. Patricks Day All! We will have Dan and Chris Gagne playing music you all know in the house tonight.

Happy St.Patricks day to our Irish followers! Anyone who partners with us today can have a free Guinness on us :)

Hi Nialler!!! Happy St Patrick's DAY!!! ENJOY!

Happy St. Patty's Dat!  Patrick's Day 2014 w/

and it's OK, and easier than ever, to enjoy a sober St. Patrick's Day in the CLE

Happy St. Patrick's day everyone ! :-D I didn't wear green so it looks like I'm gonna get pinched at school :( the pain is coming.

Happy Saint Patricks Day!  #BDS my BDS prayer card

Didn't even realize it was St. Patrick's day when I put on a green shirt this morning.

Join us for #Irish Fare    Happy St. Patrick's Day

Happy Saint Patrick's Day from Criswell Maserati!#SaintPatricksDay2014 #DontGetPinched #LuckoftheIrish

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all our followers. Pupils have been finding out about the history of the day at assembly. #Monday17thMarch

The army gives a day off for St. Patrick's day, but when it's -30 outside we gotta go to work.

A snowy St. Patrick's Day in DC

Johnny IrishCheers to an awesome St. Patrick's Day!

Why do we even celebrate St. Patricks Day like this is America it's not that serious

Not celebrating Saint Patrick's day on March 17 doesn't seem right, regardless of laws and restrictions

HAPPY ST. PATRICKS DAY YAAAAAAAAY

Happy st Patricks day too Niall !!!Just tell me if u saw any pot of gold :D

HAPPY ST.PATRICK'S DAY!! It's going to be a cold day for the parade here.No crowds yet.Be Positive  Stay Safe. #storagewarsny

Happy St. Patricks Day!Today, St. Patrick's Day revelers wear a shamrock. Trifolium dubium, the wild-growing,

Cheers to a great 'St. Patricks Day' #BostonStrong #RedSoxStrong #StPatricksDay #Boston #Celtic #LuckOfTheIrish

Happy St Patrick's Day!! Come in wearing Green and get 20% OFF one toy!Hope everyone has a wonderful day!

B1G Tourney past weekend in Indy was also St.Patrick's parade.  Couldn't tell the Irish from Michigan State fans

St. Patrick's Day Special:Sonic has 1/2 price cheeseburgers all day.

Obligatory nothing-to-do-with-photography St. Patrick's Day post.

i forgot it was st. patricks day and i didn't wear green. so if u pinch me i'll chop ur arm off :-)

Put on green this morning and did not even know it was St. Patricks day!! Can i say i have a little luck today! #StPatricksDay

Lots of green in school today. Must be St. Patrick's Day. I'll send out a picture or two during lunch todday.

Better Wear Green.Or Imma Pinch The Shit Out Of Yo AssHappy St.Patrick's dayAnd Good Morning: )

Happy St. Patricks's Day! Warm your toes on this rainy day with a relaxing Pedicure.

Happy St Patricks day everyone going to school

We are open at 11am today! Come try our special St. Patrick's Day menu!

In the spirit of St. Patrick's Day, we review 'The Boy at the Gate' by Danny Ellis

I completely forgot about St. Patricks day because I have Mondays off anyway.. And it's reading week too so

Wishing everyone a safe and eventful day! #StPatricksDay

St. Patrick's Day is today! Represent with this SHAMROCK Celtics Mitchell  Ness snapback at

St. Patrick's week #SALE 15% OFF green Details  #coupon code on Fb

Good Monday morning and a Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone. Lets jump right into today's forecast for the

Great to be Irish, happy St.Patricks everyone

If you don't know anything about St. Patrick, look him up. Please.

Tweet from St. Patrick's Day Booth  Have a great day

I spent $317 yesterday.. Fuck you St Patrick!!!!

For St. Patrick's Day I'll be tweeting links to my fav Irish songs. First up a tune u may be singing tomorrow morn

Happy Shake Patricks day!  Now that's how you shake someone awake.      Earth = 1. Alarm clock= 0.   #earthquake #LA  #4.4

Happy St . Patrick's Day from your friends at Renaissance Fine Jewelry

Love Corned beef and red cabbage! Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Celebrate by wearing green AND being green!

Thankyou so much for your nice #Tweet my dear Dave. Wish you a lovely and happy St. Patricks Day. Your #Lady Veronica

The Longer St. Patrick's Day Goes On

No more snakes!#TeaPartyHappy St.Patrick's Day

Forgot its St. Patricks day today. Good thing I have a green backpack.

Happy St.Patricks Day everyone. We have a great deal going on all our St.Patrick items are 30% off.

Happy St Patrick's day and Happy 8 bday to my lil cousin DJ enjoy yo day love u

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Where's the pot of gold at. #StPatricksDay

It's never too late HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY! #JArmy

why do people pinch eachother on saint patricks day what

I wish I was in London today so I could attend the St. Patrick's Day Gala for Oxfam's Mother Appeal tonight! :)

McDonald's should DEFF server breakfast after 1030 on st. Patrick's day or any day really

Green's not just for St. Patrick's Day.  Check out The DIY Homegirl's blog for some easy ways to incorporate this

Happy St. Patrick's Day #stpatricksday #luckyday #leprechaun #luckoftheirish Francisco

Happy St. Patrick's Day, everyone! Going drinking tonight? Get a free bus ride home

missing ireland a ton today! happy st. patrick's day, everyone!

what is st. patricks day like why do you celebrate it?

I hope you get alcohol poisoning at the St. Patricks Day party you didn't invite me to.

Go green. Today for St. Patrick's Day, tomorrow for the Stevenson Patriots. My column on coach Pat Ambrose:

Happy Sant Patrick's day! I forgot to wear something green so today i'm having bad luck SHIT

I'm an Irish Catholic! How Irish are you? Try Metro's St Patrick's Day challenge.

Happy St. Patrick's day! If you like cabbage you'll find some great info on Stephanie's blog! I'm going to try

I'm just waking up and everyone started to drinking. Must be st Patricks day

Happy St. Patrick's Day from your staff at Sun Seekers Tanning Salon!

I don't get St. Patrick's Day??????

Happy St Patrick's day from my Irish boy, Lepre-Connor!!!

People who give their kids St. Patrick's Day gifts are the reason other countries hate us.

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Andrew O' young! ;-)

Happy Patricks Day to all my wonderful FB friends

I'm willing to bet that 90 % of the people who celebrate St. Patrick's day don't even know what they are celebrating

Happy St. Patrick's Day to everyone!! Have a glorious day!! If I see you, you'd best be in green or a pinching it

PeopleAdmin's leprechauns have been busy Happy St. Patrick's Day!

So still no for S18 #DWTS, huh? That earthquake is probably one of the repercussions. Anyway - Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day. Are you wearing green? This is a color worn by Master Winners, sports teams, liberals  women. #lkld

Happy Saint Patrick's Day  #TeamVera. Don't forget to wear green today. ;)

The only place I'm going today is yoga. No St Patrick's. No work. Just bed and a yoga mat.

I liked a video  Know or Go -- St. Patrick's Day!

Mr. Monet says Happy St. Patrick's Day! Are you wearing your green?(One of my past grooming clients about 7

#IloveDN there's 1 thing better than an Irish coffee on St Patricks Day.. a Moona #coffee with Irish Cream flavouring! #HappyStPatricksDay

RT Tag us in pictures of your St. Patrick's Day celebration  our corned beef  we will RT our favorites! Happy Corned Beef Day!

For the people who don't celebrate St. Patty's Day b/c they aren't Irish, St. Patrick was English

To all who call me a leprechuan.I have a whole day dedicated to my kind, BEYITTCHH. #StPatricksDay #represent

St Patrick's Day  ._. . my day just started, hahahaha goodmorning guys nah.. its 2pm

Happy St. Patrick's Day from your friends at MoBap!

Irish Oatmeal Soup Recipe  Happy St. Patrick's Day

Top of the morning to all me Irish relatives and friends. Happy St Patrick's Day Green be the color of our lucky charm

St. Patrick's Day baking to warm up your kitchen and bellies:Irish Soda Bread3 c flour1/2 tsp baking soda

Happy St. Patrick's Day!! Today I am known as Mark O'Stepa. #ThankYouThankYou

Did not know it was st Patricks day lmao

Excited for our St. Patrick's Day lunch at the HUB!

Zac efron is irish so happy st. Patrick's day!

miss patrick nicholas missed the game and chating,ohmy god what's wrong with myself?! #Wdyt

Happy St. Patrick's Day! I hope you're all celebrating safely (or did this weekend).

Happy St Patrick's day from all If you can find a better parade car photo than this we want to see it!

Why am I not in the city for St Patricks day?

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Ireland's 40 Shades of Green by Barge #Ireland

San Patricio Irish Whiskey-Oaked Dry Stout now available at Tap  Bottle, Pastiche, 1702 and Plaza Liquors. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Earthquake (really!) in L.A. today (St. Patrick's Day).  They're calling it the Shamrock Shake.

Saw the cutest little baby at work today in his little st patrick's outfit #melted

Hi earthquake. Happy at Patricks day to you too.

Huge influx of St. Patrick's Day revelers just joined our train. No comment.

I don't care if its St. Patrick's day. Anyone pitches me for not wearing green, be prepared to get hit. #bitchesgetstitches

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Take Snoopy's advice and celebrate this holiday by coming to #Visionaries this weekend!

Thanks to and for my St. Patrick's Day treat bag! #LiveatUStation

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Get your Green on!Dakota Roast Reg  Decaf and Yergachef. JJ has Karnival Kreme and

The Denver Post - Denver Post: The Denver PostDenver PostExpect temperatures in the 70s on St. Patrick's Day i

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Great time for a green smoothie with spinach or kale. Celebrate the healthy way.

Happy St, Patrick's Day from EON

Check out where you can find the St. Patrick's Day parade live streamed

Where the hell is the St. Patrick's Day spirit Township?

Turbo Kickers let's get it in at 7pm at SF wear something green for St. Patrick's Day!

#IG:Enmanuel_BrOwn Watch:  Guinness Drops St. Patrick's Day Parade Sponsorship in NYC: Heineken has also bowed

Happy St. Patrick's Day! If you are celebrating please do so responsibly

Funny how everyone suddenly has Irish heritage on St Patrick's Day

forgot it's St. Patricks' Day, but I somehow managed to wear green pants

Are you ready to shamROCK? Get your green on and celebrate! Happy St. Paddy's Day! #StPatricksDay

Happy St Patrick's Day! Grill At Harryman House

Happy #StPatricksDay! Did you know that St Patrick wasn't Irish? Historians believe he was born in what is today England, Scotland or Wales.

St. Patrick's Day Party: Organizers expect about 5,000 people to attend a St.  Patrick's Day celebration in Pe

A day spent drinking and forgetting about you. Thank you St. Patty's Day #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day, #MilSpouses! Don't forget to sport some green today!

Yes, I received  that one:)  Thank you so much for helping. Hope you have a Happy Saint Patrick's Day, Cathy

Happy St Patricks day everyone, from Aiden!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! (I'd skip the green food colouring, but this sounds delicious!)

Didja know St. Patrick's colour is blue, not green? Fitting, then, that #yeg's bluest comedian, joins us next

Happy St.Patrick's Day, Rhino Fans!

Today we wish everyone a happy St Patrick's Day. There was a time when the Irish immigrants were discriminated

remember when I gave you that card that was for St Patricks Day and it had Obama on it. I was pretty proud of myself.

Our Analysts are sporting GREEN! Happy St. Patty's Day!  #StPatricksDay

It's 10:30 on St. Patricks Day why am I not drunk yet??

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Misty. #StPatCats

It's st patrick's day and i'm not wearing green idc

From Mooring Dental to you Happy St. Patrick's Day!!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Remember, wear green or get pissed on by the Drunken Leprechaun on the Beer Can, Irish cousin to Elf on the Shelf.

I honestly don't see the point of going out for St Patrick's Day unless you are actually Irish.

Happy St. Patrick's day! Today is the day to celebrate heritage with Guinness, Jamesons, Baileys and leprechaun

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!  Come celebrate with all of your St. Patty favorites tonight!  #LuckoTheIrish

Happy St Patricks Day Seev!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Just some rambling mumbling today.

Ok, seriously, St. Patrick's Day is the only thing saving the fact that it's the Monday after spring break -.-

i hate st patricks day its the most pointless obnoxious holiday

Happy St. Patrick's Day St. Louis!

MARCH MONDAY MADNESS RAFFLEHere are our lucky winners on this St. Patrick's Day Monday$25 - Angela Lunn

Happy St. Patrick's Day WFCC Friends  Fans!  We will have an Announcement on an upcoming Sam's Club Show.  Be

If your St Patrick's Day get-up only has 9 novelty fake nails left, get yourself to Adelaide and Duncan.

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Century 21 Acre Realty!

why is everyone making such a big deal out of st patrick's day this year?

Watching Darby O Gill and the little people with my mam having a drink! Feel like a kid again! Happy St Patricks day!!!

Happy St. Patrick's day from all of us at The LeatherMan Inc.!

Happy St Patrick's Day! I don't think my family could afford the Trans-Atlantic passage and ended up in Stockport.

2 years ago omfg again happy st. Patricks day

Nail art!For Saint Patricks Day! Have you seen the video?? #nailedit #TutorialTuesday #StPaddysDay #saintpatricksday

St. Patrick's Day now rivals a 25 year old girl's birthday for widest window of time beyond the actual day it is celebrated.

Head downtown to the Main Library for a St. Patrick's Day celebration!

Hey Harry, Niall Contribute Happy St. Patrick's Day : D

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!! The Cape Cod St. Patrick's Parade weekend in Yarmouth last week was festive, fun and

We are happy to launch our sister festival O'Miami in Dublin on the top'o the morning of St. Patrick's day. #omiami

so I guess it's St Patricks day today..?.. not wearing green don't pinch me

Happy #StPatricksDay from #dontsithome! I hope everyone has a great day :). #StPaddysDay #greenbeer #IrishForADay

In honor of St. Patrick's Day - Liam Neeson (there is something to be said for mature hunks)

Happy St. Patrick's Day from IEC!

I'm pinching booties for St. Patricks Day

or make them at home. Lol st Patricks day sucks being on a Monday.

Wait, why would they be puking tinsel? Is eating tinsel a St Patrick's Day thing now?

Good morning Ms. Kat. Happy St. Patrick's Day! How are you doing?

Happy St. Patrick's Day! The patron saint of Ireland left a legacy of evangelism that Christians today can

Happy St Patrick's Day! Yay or nay for this pretty green dress for today iijjijiijijj

i would love to win as part of a st Patrick's present as I have not made it home to Ireland to celebrate

Happy Saint Patrick's Day from Momentum!

If you think your St Patrick's Day is bad I just got a root canal

Smile  be happy! It's a Monday and St. Patrick's Day! :)

Need some inspiration to bring GREEN into your home for St. Patricks Day. Check out these Irish-Inspired ideas!

What the hell nobody told me it was St. Patrick's Day who scheduled this

Happy St. Patrick's Day with a little flashback to Ireland!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Feel the green

Happy st. Patricks to all slainte#nationalholiday

Gotta love Irish guys on St. Patrick's Day! #1D #OneDirection #luckoftheirish

Free: St. Patricks Day Earrings *READ DESCRIPTION*. Check it out -  #listia

St Patrick wasn't Irish, pilgrims didn't invent Thanksgiving  Xmas was originally a Pagan holiday. Your whole life is a lie. Happy Holiday!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!'There are good ships, and there are wood ships, The ships that sail the sea. But the

This is what St. Patricks day has come to

Weird partthey forgot to dress up for St Patrick's Day. Happy Monday from

I celebrated st Patricks day in Saturday;p

A modern day Saint Patrick would be burdened with driving all the drunk Irishman's snakes back in their trousers. #StPaddysDay

Bradley showing support for St. Patrick's Day!! #minicooperroadster

What you don't know about St. Patrick's Day:

Happy St Patrick's day! May you get to heaven a half hour before the devil knows you're dead.

Celebrate St. Patrick's today with our fondue Pot O' Gold.  4-course w/ Land  Sea Entree for $26.95 thru March 31:

Happy St. Patrick's day! Excited to spend it at the

Home made St Patrick's day muffins compliments of the boss :)

Happy St. Patrick's Day to our more than 200 hospitals and health care systems serving Illinoisans 24/7. Worth more than a pot of gold!

From the folks that brought you mega-ensemble rom-coms New Years Eve and Valentine's Day, it's ST. PATRICK'S DAY!

The benefits of Irish coffee! ;) Happy St. Patrick's DayLink --

Happy St. Patrick's Day :D (even though i'm not Irish XD) #StPatricksDay  #feelingIrish

Oh yeah it's St Patricks day. Do NOT fucking pinch me.

Happy St Patrick's Day!! Hope everyone stays safe and has a wonderful day!

What is your family's tradition on St. Patrick's Day.

Go me for not being drunk on st. Patricks day and still barfing the day away. #dying

As long as no one pinches you, it's cool. St. Patrick liked blue better.

New Horizons reports a green beacon on St. Patrick's day! All's well out there on our little bird. #PlutoLives! #StPatricksDay #NASASocial

Bringing it back from last yearLearn more about the Trinity from St. Patrick, even if all the analogies fall

Happy Saint Patrick's Day Niall 3 // Poland

Happy st Patricks day everyone,especially all my fellow Irish out there!Many pints ofguiness will be had today I can Imagine

Today is the day I celebrate my Irish heritage #longliveireland st Patrick is my bwoy

Happy St.Patricks Day everyone!! Hope ye all had a great bank holiday..

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Save the photo and use the Irish Blessing printable to frame in your home!

2.30 on St Patricks day and someone is already vomming all over Sound #lovely #putmeoffmybeansontoast

wow the theatre is very dangerous! Happy St Patrick Day

Today only - Add Corned Beef to any burger for $1 or check out our Corned Beef Sandwich special! Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!

Can't go to school today I'm celebrating st patricks day

Happy St Patricks day from the Clarks

Good morning everyone! Happy St.Patrick's Day.. Be safe today everyone and enjoy! Tonight from 4pm to 10pm

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Hope you guys have a great Monday! =)

happy st.patrick day! Its green,the lrish rose,loveyou verymuchxoxowarm lrish hugs for you!!!!

Happy Saint Patrick's Day from your friends at Academy Frame Company! What's everyone doing today?

Saint Patrick's Day Sale{{company_logo}}

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Although, I do recommend green tea over green beer. : )

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! According to legend, Saint Patrick used the three-leaved shamrock to explain the Holy Trinity. #BibleChallenge

#infographic update: Infographic: Happy St. Patricks Day

Good morning everyone! Happy saint Patrick's day everyone! Hope every one is well!?Hope everyone has a wonderful and safe day #saintpatricks

EVERYDAY ON SAINT PATRICK'S DAY ITS RAINING HOLY COW

I'm wearing a Killswitch Engage hoodie, so today is automatically awesome (even though St. Patrick's Day can get fucked).

Can any of you tits going on about how today is a day only for drinking tell me what the fuck St.Patricks day really celebrates ???????

Myself and will be heading out to celebrate st Patricks day.  I think we're heading to Utica.

Happy St Patrick's Day! I'm Irish (always, not just today) so feel free to kiss me today. Or, just pet me, I just want the attention.

Happy St-Patrick's Day / Bonne St-Patrick a tous ! #Polcan #Papineau #Montreal #StPatricksDay #cdnpoli

Hey we have green on, so don't even think about it. Happy St. Patrick's day everyone. What are you up too?

thank you! Already feeling it-I'm very blessed. Happy St. Patrick's day!

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! :) All green!

Happy St. Patrick`s Day Everybody :-)

no i was not informed today was st Patricks day lol

Even the water's green on St. Patrick's Day! See some unbelievable photos of the Chicago River today:

Happy St. Patrick's Day to you all.As millions of Irish decent celebrate I share this.I think it says it all.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Don't get pinched today -- shop #DirectBuy instead!

St. Patricks Day is probably more like National Drinking Day

Happy Saint Patrick's Day!One of our favorite times of the year (if you couldn't tell already).Where are you

Happy St Patrick's Day to the CFL's most famous Irishmen: Jeremy O'Day and Mike O'Shea

To all my friend and family,I wish you a safe and Happy St. Patrick's Day.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! We are hoping you and your pets have a safe and happy day today!

This prize will certainly get you in the spirit of St Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Hope your day is great and spring relief  is in sight for your winter!

Happy st patricks day Bryan and

#tcot #ccot #teaparty #prolife #rednationrising #NRA Good morning fellow conservatives! Happy St. Patrick's Day! Have a Guinness  tonight!

Started St. Patricks Day with a kick earlier this morning #earthquake

From our family to yours! Happy Saint Patrick's Day!  (image

ST PATRICK'S DAY TODAY IF THERE ARE NO DRUNK ASS NIALL PICTURES BY THE END OF THE DAY I WILL SUE

the only good thing about st. patricks day is the drinking but i cant drink .

[New Blog Post] Beguiled by Bourgueil: A Post That Has Absolutely Nothing to Do with St. Patrick's Day  #wine

From all of us at Tarpon Lodge Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Work potluck! HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY EVERY ONE!!

Cute  fun St. Patrick's Day crafts to do w/ the kiddos from

It's Saint Patrick's day to day. I want to wish you guys Happy Saint Patrick's day.

What?! It's St. Patrick's Day?!  Ave Pub)

#ThingsWhitePeopleLike claiming they're a fraction Irish on st. Patricks day to validate their actions

It's not saint pattys day it's it's saint Patrick's day fucking idiots

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Brush up on your Irish so you can impress your friends.

love them, happy st patricks day. x

Happy St. Patricks day to all my amazing clients.

Legit question what is the point of St. Patrick's Day??

Happy St. Patricks Day! Live from FX McRory's until 10am! Come on down! McRory's

Idk why somebody just texted me saying Happy St. Patricks Day. I just better be Irish.

To succeed in life, you need three things: A wishbone, a backbone and a funny bone :). HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY.

You'll love post on best/fastest St. Paddy's parade in Ireland: Sligo to Grange at 60 mph

REMEMBER WHEN THE BOYS DID A ST. PATRICK'S DAY SIGNING YA THAT WAS TWO YEARS AGo two years ??!!!

happy St. Patricks Day Niall :).  Dont drink too much and be safe our IRISH directioner :p

On a little plane headed to New Orleans! Can't wait to see how drunk the city is Happy St. Patrick's Day!

It slipped from my mind that today is Saint Patricks Day

Happy St. Patrick's day Do you recognize these yummy green smoothie pops highlighted in our blog? ;)

Fancy 'going green' this St. Patrick's Day? Why not top your porridge with some kiwi, pumpkin seeds or sliced green apple?

Happy St. Patrick's day! Did you know? - Interesting facts about St. Patrick. #SaintPaddys Patrick

Wearing my green today for St. Patrick's Day! #selfie

Come down to this evening and celebrate St Patricks Day with a 'Shamrock' Cocktail

Aleka Kassom, 8, of Fairview Park, builds a leprechaun trap for St. Patrick's Day. Photo by Kristin Bauer

Happy St. Patrick's Day!! Lucky to be a SigEp!

The only reason I know it's St. Patrick's Day is because of everyone's Facebook posts. #unemployment

Happy St Patricks Day. Had great day out on the parade  festival yesterday. Accent heaven, meeting folk from Donegal, Waterford  Cork.

Happy St Patrick's Day to everyone, especially the Irish folks that I know. On to day 4 of the Green Weekend.

Thank you twitter for reminding me it's St. Patrick's Day. My 4th grader almost went to school w/out any green! Disaster averted!

#news More than 200 St. Patrick's DUI arrests statewide - Arizona Daily Sun

Happy Saint Patrick's Day from the Bumsquad DJz!!!

i thought st patricks day was on the 24th or something lol

Happy St. Patricks Day #HighHopes 2014 Charlie Giordano, Ed Manion, Curt Ramm  Belfast ,Northern Ireland July 19,2013

Come Celebrate St. Patrick's Day with Us! We will have Drink and Food Specials all Day Long!

Forgot to wish my dog a happy birthday today. Yes, my boy and my dog share St. Patrick's Day as birthdays.

It's the coldest March 17 in Ottawa history! Stay warm as you celebrate St. Patrick's Day #luckoftheirish

It's St. Patrick's Day, enjoy a pint or two but know and adhere to your limits. Enjoy and stay safe!  #StPatricksDay #staysafe

//Lol. It's ST Patricks day and my parents anniversary. :D

Happy St. Patrick's Day to my two favorite Irishmen!

Happy St.Patrick's day! Flamingo fun!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  20% off anything in the shop today only!  Enter code IRISH20 at check out!  {offer

Happy St. Patricks Day! We hope you have your best green on today!

Shout out to my #Irish people skipping class  work to drink green beer this morning. Enjoy. It's your day. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAYGO FIND SOME GOLD AND FOUR LEAF CLOVERSThats stereotypical but. HAVE A GOOD ONE

We suggest a shot of espresso in a Guiness for a proper start to your St. Patrick's Day. We'll provide the espresso if you provide the rest.

Happy st Patricks day just having the one in clarke's :))

On Saint Patrick's Day a lovely old Irish Blessing for the soul!

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Preston Towne Crossing! How are you celebrating?

Join the Salina Senior Center for St. Patrick's Day corned beef and cabbage. 11:15-1. $4. All ages welcome.

I was really angry at having a St. Patricks Day birthday for years and refused to wear green. This year I'm wearing a green scarf. #progress

Happy St. Patrick's Day from the Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Team! Are you doing anything fun to celebrate?

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Our favorite #green accessory of the day. #throwback #StPatricksDay

Bond market down this morning. Interest rates slightly higher. Happy St. Patricks Day!

It's not too late to plan a fabulous St. Patrick's Day meal!

Wonder how many ppl going to bars rn for St. Patricks day.

lets go to an Irish Pub drinks on me HAPPY ST PATRICK'S DAY

$DGEAF - Guinness withdraws from St Patricks Day parade in New York -  #stock #stocks #stockaction

St. Patrick's/Shimmering streamers rising/Lake Ann's mist/#haiku #irish #ozarks

Patrick Stump's voice appreciation tweet

My mums obsessed with St Patricks day

be like Saint Patrick, get lost in the woods, hang out w/some wild boars  supposedly tell the boars to make good life choices.

I forgot today was St Patrick's day and I just got pinched by a stranger. BYE #HappyMonday

Don't push your luck today. Happy St. Patrick's Day.and call a cab.

Happy Saint Patrick's Day to everyone celebrating today. Have fun and stay safe! #NY22

told ash i'd wouldn't leave her on st. patricks day, but its getting pretty hard considering she won't get out of bed #LetsGoooooo

Happy St Patrick's day guys and gals.  xx

Cheers to one on the greatest missionaries who ever lived, St. Patrick. #StPatricksDay #Missionary #Ireland

Happy St. Patricks' Day! Join me to see an Irish band The Strypes on March 25th at Triple Rock $15. Brit Blues 2.0:

A little chuckle on St. Patrick's Day

In honor of St. Patrick's day, I will be listening to the Dropkick Murphys all day long.

In high school, I had enough green shirts to wear for every day of the week of St. Patrick's Day. I only have 3 days worth now!

Happy St. Patrick's Day, God bless Ireland!

I'm at Snow Patrick's Day 2014 w/

fr the only reason I have greeen on today is bc vs has cute shirts for st. patrick's day

Happy St. Patrick's Day. Hey Catholics, St. Patrick was the patron saint of hangovers, right?

some of us forgot :) R Happy St. Patrick's Day from ABT! Did you remember to wear green today?

ur the first person that comes to mind when i thought of St. Patricks day ehhee

Story of St. Patrick,  very interesting read. St. Patrick: Reclaiming the Great Missionary

Don't forget to wear your DTN St. Patrick's day shirts! #Lucky2LiveDTN

Happy St. Patrick's Day and YES, we're open for classes :D

Happy Saint Patricks Day to everyone, please be safe and responsible today while you celebrate.

I used to be ready to fight niggas when they tried pinching me on saint Patricks day

I hope I'm assuming since your last name is O'Donnell  you have red hair, that you're Irish. If not, Happy St. Patrick's Day anyway

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Hope everyone enjoyed the parade festivities.and behaved themselves!

Saint Patricks Day Specials              Shepherd's Pie Burrito only happens once a year!

On St. Patrick's Day we share the art of Ireland's,Louis le Brocquy,(1916-2012),known for his abstract portraits.

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY! Share if you are lucky in love! #StPatricksDay #peaceloveworld #lucky

guy at work genuinely thought I was Irish  therefore hoped I had a lovely time celebrating St Patricks Day #NotEvenIrish

When I was a kid I remember kids pinching me for not wearing green because of it being St. Patrick's Day. So in return, I would punch ~

In other news, it's St. Patrick's day Yaaaayyyy an excuse to drink till you drown

Kids take St. Patrick's day very seriously. I had two criers this morning because they had been pinched. This holiday is causing problems.

Don't forget to leave out a frosty pint and a bowl of pretzels for Ol' St. Patrick!

How could he? Did you remind him that he named you PATRICK?! ;)

Saint Patricks Day and I gotta shovel this much #snowpatricksday

good morning :) how are you this fine St. Patricks Day? :)

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Down to just 38 days to go until #YorkRevs Opening Day on April 24!  #RevsMagic

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all my fellow Irish-folkand all those that channel their inner Irish today ;) #GoGreen

wait till she lights a fag and the place goes up in a blue light. This is how my dad dies on St Patrick's Day.

I hope I will be lucky this time since its ST Patricks Day #KCA #VoteTheWantedUK

AncestryDNA 10% off #DNA kits during St. Patrick's Day promotion. exp. 3/24

It's leprachaun movie day Happy St. Patrick's Day.

It's St. Patricks Day! Gavin got out the hat to wear again this year. Slick dude! Farm

My first saint Patricks day being 21, and no drinking for me.. #21 #pregnant #SaintPatricksDay #sober

On a serious note Happy St Patricks Day to  all

I wonder if you all know St Patrick want Irish, he lived and spread the faith in Ireland. But he was probably Scottish

Happy st. patricks day from the only ginger wearing green #yougorumey #irishasfuck

On another note, Happy St. Patrick's Day to all my Irish (and non-Irish :P) followers. Drink, drink and be merry.

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY! We are having bake sales in each of our offices. If you need someting to satisfy your sweet tooth stop in!

Happy St. Patricks Day! My day consists of watching on netflix starting from season 1 #TheWalkingDead #DarylDixon #lizzie

St.Patrick's day should have the day after it as a holiday

#DailyFail St. Patrick's Day Promotes Flexibility:         Submitted by:U

I didn't even know it was st. Patrick's day till I got on twitter..

Sorry to hear about the Long flight  not feeling well ,speedy Recovery ,Not the same w/ out you ,Happy St. Patrick's day 2 U

Is it ironic that Irish Times is going to ruin my St. Patrick's Day? #donteatthe cornbeef #luckoftheirish

Happy st.Patricks day, make sure to get into some green beer.

BBC News - Thousands celebrate St Patrick's Day in London

What Better way to celebrate St Patricks Day than with a Big Green Egg! Don't forget to call or stop by Lincoln

I'd like to think that having an Irish last name and being pale exempts me from getting pinched on St. Patrick's day.

Happy St.Patrick's Day to you ! May a little luck of the Irish be with you today.

Don't forget we can turn your St. Patrick's Day Greenj, with carnations, Shamrocks and Yankee Shamrock Shamrock

Good morning  Happy St Patrick's Day Spokane!What's up w the #weather today?

Happy St. Patricks Day. Be safe out there. Remember a cab is cheaper than a #DUI charge.  #metrodetroitcriminallawyer

hey Mark, happy st. Patrick's day to you and your family ^_^

HAPPY ST PATRICK'S DAY to you, Bandit! Looking mighty dapper ;-))

Wore green today n forgot it was st Patricks day.

Free day tomorrow = Very messy St.Patrick's day

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Drink responsibly, be safe and have fun! #StPatricksDay

Today is easily one of my favorite days of the year. Happy #stpattys day!!! #StPatricksDay #Irish

What's going on in the St. Patrick's Day?

HAPPY ST . PATRICK DAY TOO ALL .HAPPY ST . PATRICK TOO MY GRAND MOTHER. MOM MY BEA..R.N.P.LOVE YOU.

Let me get this straight, gays want to march in dick costumes in all parades now?  Why? They have their day #WTF?

I'll be accepting kisses all day today! #bcimirish #StPatricksDay

Diddaly dee potatoesHappy st. Patrick's dayTop of the morning to ya

Ahhh now I see why Harry pops up when u search St. Patrick's Day.

An Ode to the Best St. Patrick's Day Song: Thin Lizzy's 'Black Rose'  (via

also real name not Patrick. He took the name after becoming a roman slave.

Do I have a green sweater? I need a sweater and it's St. Patrick's Day (for real today, not like the weekend)

Happy St. Patricks Day! We just had a huge convo about it

I'm gonna sleep guys Goodnight xxxHappy St. Patricks too :-)

S/O to friemal for asking me when St. Patrick's day is

Happy St Patrick's Day! Have a fab time tonight xx

Today is the day St. Patrick drove the snakes out of Ireland and onto plane. #truefacts #wikipedia

I Forgot Today's St Patrick's Day Lol

Happy St. Patrick's! Today's also Dakai Day so don't forget to look for a copy of our March issue in the paper! #Halifax

Fuck St Patricks Day tho

Happy st Patrick's day niall!!!!!! Love you and hope you have an awesome day:)

Spectators Line Fifth Avenue For NYC's St. Patrick's Day Parade Amid Tension - CBS Local  #newyork #nyc #ny

Looks wet and muddy out there today Enjoy your St. Patrick's Day the BMC way!

St Patricks day or Niall Horan appreciation day because I'm honestly not sure

Shove ya St.Patrick day hats up your arse, too many English people in Irish colours today, makes me sick!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Best Corned Beef  Cabbage around. Stop in for CBC, Reubens, Drink Specials and fun. Hey why not it's a snow day!

This thing just wandered into my st patricks day build up in the room!

patrick star we need to talk

not wearing green on st. patrick's day.. i'm such a terrible irishman

Buy this shirt so you have it for next St. Patrick's Day.

Happy St. Marty's Day Everyone! Be safe and responsible in what you do! Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Oh it's St. Patrick's day okay

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Let one of our Sullivans take care of you tonight!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Shake your morning up with a Shamrock Shake from #McDonalds #GoGreen #ImLovinIt

Q: what do you call an earthquake on st Patricks day.                                                  A: a shamrock shake

Cheers to all my friends! Happy Saint Patrick's Day! #stpats #irish

St. Patricks day, the day where I lock myself in my house because I can't stand drunken idiots. #soberforlife

hmm interesting thanks and happy St. Patricks Day :)

Happy St. Patrick's day everyone! I'm sure you're all going to put in a full day at work, and not visit your local Irish pub, right? #beer

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Catch the spirit of the Irish with our tasty Shamrock Celebration #pnutfree cupcakes-they're perfect for parties!

Patrick Brazeau's fraud case delayed until April 28 - Toronto Star

Hope you have a lucky St. Patricks day!

Happy St Patricks Day! Join us for $2 GREEN Miller Lites all day as well as festive drink specials, boozy themed

Happy St Patrick's day. Get your drunk on and dance!Yes I know its Monday..and 8 a.m

St Patrick wasn't Irish. He moved there when he was 16, very likely Cumbrian or Scottish.

What is st. Patricks day hahaha?

Oh, I wish today was St. Paddie day. Oh, wait it is. Happy St. Patrick's Day to everyone. Kiss me, I'm Black Irish.

Theology on Tap is canceled tonight.  Sorry for the late notice and happy St Patricks Day!

I don't wear green on St. Patrick's Day. I'm Irish on the inside, besides the ginger hair and blue eyes should be a clue to the stupid.

On this Saint Patricks Day lets us remember our ancestors who have given us a life of peace and love.  Read below

#stpatricksday happy green day full of leprechauns yeahh!! #loveirish

May your St. Patrick's Day be filled with good food, good beverage and good friends!

IM SWELL. IT's ST. PATRICKS DAY ALSO.

I didn't know it was saint patricks day leave me alone ._.

im Irish and have never done anything for St. Patricks's day.

How well do you know your St. Patrick's Day Trivia??

Good morning everyone! Remember to be safe if you are celebrating St. Patrick's Day today :)

Happy St Patrick's Day !  Please have a drink for me  I have to work all day.

St. Patrick's Day shenanigans roll on!  Today, Monday, March 17th:  First, Phil Kominski of Lloyd Dobler Effect

#trackingthelight has posted a new item, '#Dublin Lit for #St.Patrick's Day.'

You know your getting old when you dont even realize its St. Patricks day till you question why people are wearing ridiculous green outfits

While everyone is at the St. Patrick's parade Im here ALL ALONEEEE IN THIS ROOM on twitter

st patricks day: the only day I appreciate my fair skin  freckles

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Are you celebrating today or recovering from a weekend of celebrating? Either way, we

Happy St. Patrick's Day :) We have lots of GREEN Tape in stock for all of your packaging needs ;)

Happy St Patrick's day!!!! Follow

Learning from St. Patrick for neighborhood renewal. Timely and inspiring post from

Happy St Patricks Day  - St Patrick of Italian/ Roman Heritage!

WOAH WAIT TODAY IS ST PATRICK DAY?

Need some free and easy St. Patty's activities? I've got you covered

Woop woop St Patricks Day

Who needs shamrocks? Celebrate St. Patrick's Day with some of the greatest green Hot Rods from here to Ireland!

#StPatricksDay and a #SnowDay! Everyone is #Irish today! Beer and Jameson specials all day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! How are you keeping green today? First up - green time for me.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Thanks for these great activity sheets - easily printable from any #OKI device

Happy St. Patrick's Day Joe!! This is the cutest picture eva! :) :)

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Are you feeling Lucky?#lakemartin #stpatricksday #realestate

Happy St Patricks Day! regram courtesy of decorative_arts #trinaturk embroidered pillows #green

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY and snow day -- CRIMEA DECLARES  - Politico

The Irish aren't the only ones who celebrate St. Patrick's Day. Check out the celebrations around the globe!

On a related note, my outfit looks a lot more like I'm celebrating Christmas than St. Patricks day #whatever

Happy St Patrick's Day! Who all wants to marathon the Leprechaun movies with me?

will do! will do! A very happy St. Patrick's Day to you! ;-)

Happy St. Patrick's Day. Dance a jig. (Ignore those who hate to see God-fearing people have fun.)

Yes, we got a little jolt to wake us up on St. Patrick's Day! 4.4-magnitude earthquake hits Los Angeles area

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all of you wonderful people out there!

This St. Patrick Day, purple is the new green: #OneNote lands on the #Mac and it's free!

Don't give a fukk about st Patrick's day I'm Mexican. Just read my name.

Oh shit today's Saint Patricks Day

Really jealous of the elementary school kids having a St Patrick's day party

Happy St. Patrick's Day, Dallas!!

I don't even consider st.patricks day as a holiday lol

So, not only is it St Patrick's Day, it's also #GwdMonday, which means ALL BOOZE IS 50% OFF ALL DAY! Come and celebrate with us.

Good morning Kobehope you are wearing green! Happy St. Patrick's Day. Cheers!

Dan Patrick gets his EKU jersey. Here's hoping he sends some good vibes the Colonels' way!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Stop by the clubhouse this afternoon for St. Paddy's Day goodies from the Forum Staff!

We hope y'all have your green on today! Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Watch a St. Patrick's Day parade--from 109 years ago! Compare w parades today  #Irish #edchat #Massachusetts

Hail Glorious St Patrick's Maghera! #MacRoryCup #MacRoryPix

Saint Patricks Day Luck Of The Irish.

A special #StPatricksDay message for today and every day! #lifelonglearning

Just realized today's st. Patricks day and I'm wearing all black.

Happy St. Patrick's Day. Have an extra shot of whiskey today.

Saint Patrick was playing for Ireland. Sorry Zimbabwe Sport: Ireland squeeze to Zimbabwe win

Happy St. Patrick's Day Atlanta! Did you decorate with anything green? We would love to see! #StPatricksDay #shopatlanta

We all know who's behind earthquakes on St. Patrick's Day.. McDonalds #stpatricksday #earthquake #la #lol #

Eat your greens! Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Instead of wearing green, I'm just gonna chug beer in the spirit of St. Patrick's day

I send this Happy St. Patrick's Day wish to Noni! Miss you every day. And I know, they wear navy blue in Ireland today, not green.

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY TO YOU ALL.  Green is a very beautiful color, but not in or on food EXCEPT our mint cream

Peta Sergeant Talks Patrick's Chills and Tension, Working with GoT's Charles Dance, Joining The Originals, and More

My mommas St. Patrick's day nails :)

If it wasn't for this little boy at physical therapy with me, I would've had no clue it was st Patricks day.

I'm drinking GREEN tea on St. Patrick's Day hehe

St. Patricks day just seems so irrelevant with everything going on.

On St. Patrick's Day, think of the poor suffering British people, whose homeland of Ireland was stolen from them by the evil Irish.

Happy St Patrick's Day, Love to all!

Happy St. Patrick's Day Olivia.  Hope you have a great day.

Beautiful start to our St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!!! We hope to see you all at trivia on Green Beer Hangover Tuesday!

Happy St. Patrick's Day from VisitSouthMadison!

Where are you taking your green Toyota on Saint Patrick's Day?

Follow the rainbow to your own pot of gold this St. Patrick's Day with $1 off any of your POND'S favorites!

I think we all know the reason a German Shepherd loves St. Patrick's Day.. mmmm hmmmm .. Beer!

St. Patricks Day parade on tv instead of The Price Is Right ? Today sucks ! I still have VODKA

Top of the morning: How are you celebrating St. Patrick's Day? Colcannon? Corned beef?

Happy St Patrick's Day! Come in this week for a body slimming wrap  deep cleansing facial. 50% off your combined purchase. (516)422.7674

Last year niggas spent St. Patricks day at WVU. Talk about crazy bruh

Lol I never remember St . Patrick day smh #NoGreen ,Except money so don't pinch me :D

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! How's everyone celebrating today?

Happy St. Patrick's Day! No matter when you want to start, we're ready to celebrate the best drinking holiday of

Alejandra serving a delicious glass of Costa Rica Meadery 's ChiCheMel Nicoyano at St Patricks Day CR festival.

Happy St Patrick's Day. What better way to celebrate than  performance in aid of #oxfammums tonight? Enjoy the show everyone

St Patricks Day: Where every hour is amateur hour!

We've got your St. Paddy's day cravings covered! Corned Beef Dinner is on our lunch menu today! #StPatricksDay #lunchtime

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Luzerne County Community College!

Happy St. Patrick's Day. It's a great day to apply!

Happy St. Patrick's Day my faithful friends!!And Happy Anniversary to the love of my life 3 3 The countless

My son is having a St Patrick's party at school, with green treats. I made nothing for him to bring. He

do they have to be irish to have a Happy St Patrick's Day? ; )

Go and learn some history or, maybe you can tell me when St Patrick first flew 'his' flag?

**Our #Savannah Half-Moon Outfitters location will be closed Monday, March 17th due to the St. Patrick's Day

I never used to get pinched on st. Patricks cause my eyes are green tho lol then they started saying that doesn't count like foh lol

Monday Mad-House!!! Happy St. Patrick's Day.now GET RIGHT!!!! ;) #fitforlife #heroicfitness #musclemilk #lemond

ITS ST. PATRICK'S DAY WHY ARENT PHOTOS LIKE THIS SHOWING UP YET

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Luckily UVU's colors are green so we were all prepared this morning :)

Happy St Patricks Day!  What's green and important to estuaries like the Indian River Lagoon?  Grasses of course,

Do you have a little Irish ENU today? Cheers to a delicious and nutritious St. Patrick's Day! (Bonus: No

The El Caribe family would like to wish everyone a safe and joyous Saint Patrick's Day!

It's St.Patrick's Day and I've nothing green to wear.

Celebrate St. Patrick's Day with Corned Beef  Cabbage for just $9.99 (and green beer too!) at Rusty's Seafood

Jury duty. Day 3. St. Patrick's day. At least there's free beer. God bless America, who wants to fight? #JuryDutyLiveTweet #day3

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all those wearing green~

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Start celebrating early with this fun breakfast cake.

Feeling like Patrick Kane here at Planet Fitness. #88 #Chicago #blackhawks #globogym #purplecobras

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Page Lee Hufty! #ilovewpb #artist #PB #SoFl

we sent u a card and I think st Patrick's day got covered too:D

right back at you man happy st Patricks day have a drink for me as I'm officially on a drink ban till after my fight

May the wind always be at your back. May the sun shine warm upon your face, and rains fall soft upon your fields.Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Lunch Special - Corned Beef  Cabbage, plus a side of Irish Roots, only 8.25!

3 events happening this afternoon in #Pickering:1) St. Patrick's Day Party PM Piper 235 Bayly

Old (lame) St. Patrick's day joke: What's Irish and sits in the sun? Answer: PatiO'Furniture.

Happy St. Patrick's Day Trivia Fans!  Trivia tonight at The Ruck is cancelled but will be back next week! Enjoy

MOM Excuse me. I'm Irish. I should be allowed out on St. Patrick's Day?

On tonight 7-11pm. Happy St. Patrick's Day! The Irish know how to celebrate life, cheers to them!

Thank you so much for the tweet!  Happy St. Patrick's Day.

How do y'all celebrate St Patricks Day?  Pint of Guinness?  Fish and Chips?  Let us know!

Here's me and pretending to be disabled in New York on St. Patrick's Day a couple of years ago

Happy St. Patrick's Day! We're celebrating at our main office with Irish soda bread. How about you?

Happy #StPatricksDay to all our #Irish followers! Have you read our St Patrick's Day blog? Read it at:

KTLA St Patricks Day Earthquake 3/17/2014:  via Gotta love this guy's face! Drama!

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all of our shoppers! May luck follow you wherever you go today!

Are we sure Saint Patrick didn't drive livers out of Ireland?

Dealing with Putin: Los Angeles Happy St. Patrick's Day Jim Irsay #Wingsdelivered #kissmeimirish #luckoftheirish

Happy St.Patrick's Day-Sending some extra luck your way :D#ALittleSomethingWhite #ALSW #St.Patrick'sDay #Luck

Apparently claims he's Irish. Another reason to hate St Patricks day

LIVE VIDEO: NYC's St. Patrick's Day Parade is starting now.  Watch --

And a Happy St. Patrick's Day to you this fine #MM #MilitaryMonday! What are you doing to celebrate?

how i make breakfast on mornings like this. happy st. patrick's day, guys.

Happy birthday and Happy St. Patrick's Day Logan

It's St. Patricks day, why don't i have a bottle of Jameson's right now? #iheartwhiskey

Check out these #healthy St. Patricks Day recipes for a great way to celebrate!

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! Make sure to wear your green so you don't get pinched!!!

What better way to celebrate St. Patrick's Day than by learning about one of Ireland's greatest writers? And it's

My great grandfather was Irish thus my last name but I don't know the meaning of St Patricks day smh

What  do you get when you cross poison ivy with a four-leaf clover? A rash of  good luck. Happy St. Patrick's Day, Kevin

In honor of St. Patricks Day take a look beautiful emerald  black gold ring from CKarats #shoplocalclintonms

U r a bit early with the Happy St. Patricks day no?  I will wait for 2 return 2 action b4 celebrating St Patricks day

Duchess Kate wearing Hobbs green on St Patrick's day.

Check out my Green Eyes - St Patrick's Day Look using Drug Store Makeup:    via #hockeymakeup

We hope you have a great St. Patrick's Day! What do you get when you cross poison ivy with a four-leaf clover?  A rash of good luck.

Cute St Patricks Day Kids RecipeLeprechaun Hat Cookies

Celebrating St.Patrick's Day at Royal Tulip Grand Hotel #StPatricksDay

Irish-American truth: I hated corned beef and cabbage every St. Patrick's Day as a kid. Hated the smell  the pressure cooker whistling.

Why should they - it is not about them!!!! Way to go St. Patrick's Day parade!

Happy St. Patrick's day! Did you remember to wear green this year?

Monday's Muse: St Patrick's Day:  Whether you are Irish or not, everybody loves to celebrate St. Patrick's Day

GREEN ON! Happy St. Patrick's Day! :)May the Luck o' the Stylish be upon you this year.Pick from a selection

:) Happy St. Patrick's Day from WG!

Dammit!!! I forgot it was St Patrick's day. I had a shirt all ready too :(

BREAKING: St. Patrick's Day Events Canceled Due to High Wind. There's no good craic to be had today:

Happy St. Patricks Day!! Enjoy some #CornedBeefAndCabbage  and a #Guinness ! Be safe! Cheers! #IrishBlessing

Shop Local!  Celebrate St. Patrick's Day tonight with Chamber members  Hospice of Knox County and The Parkside

Happy St Patrick's Day - hope you are lucky enough to spend at least part of the day with your face in the wind!

Old Irish saying:  May there be a pot o' chocolate at the end of your rainbow!  Happy (and sweet) St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St.Patrick's Day! Our hope is that every child ever involved in Awana will say something like this:  #kidmin

I dont even know what st.patrick day is for . Im from Jamaica bitch

St. Patrick (5th c.) Kidnapped at 16, held as a slave for 6 yrs; escaped back home, became priest  went back 2 preach 2 his captors in IRE.

Happy St. Patrick's Day .  Are you or your kids showing thier spirit today by wearing green?

Happy St Patrick's Day! May the odds forever be in your favour. #mabelgram

Today on the blog: Happy st Patricks day!  #jellyandshoes

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Massage Envy Spa!

Lol I just remembered it's St. Patrick's Day

Happy St.Patricks Day! VIA The Stinky Love Blog  #StPatricksDay #stinkylove #blog

Happy St. Patrick's Day from the team at The Law Office of David R. Rocheford, Jr., P.C.

Did you know that the HEART Chakra (or the Heart Energy Center) is GREEN - not RED? Happy St. Patty's Day! #StPatricksDay, #DailyPractice

Happy St. Patrick's Day from the St. Bridget School family!

Happy St. Patricks Day and a special Happy Birthday to all of our newborns today!

CLIP OF THE DAY Happy St. Patrick's Day!

[Celebrities News]: Kate Middleton Goes Green for St. Patrick's Day Parade with Prince William!

Oh I have stacks of Irish jokes - it is in me blood.  Enjoy and Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Somewhere along the way I missed the point of St Patricks Day.  #whatsthebigdeal

Happy St. Patricks to all my Irish associates

Happy St Patricks Day twitter, from a part Irish Man! #LOVE #JESUS

officialdollycastro's photo  happy st Patricks day 2 u too!!! 3

Good Morning Twitter World!! Celebrate St Patricks Day w/ some getting it in #BikiniBangBang

HAPPY ST. PATRICK DAY!!!Irish today, hungover tomorrow?(be safe and drink RESPONSIBLE  enjoy this drinking holiday)

Celebrate St. Patrick's Day with cussin' Irish rally drivers:  Neil Hickey and Enda Kennedy are a laugh   #tech

St. Patrick's day my friend

Hope your wearing your green today! Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! Just relaxing on the day off #flaked

Happy st. Patricks day!! Got my lucky 13 so for luck on my two finals today!

From all of us at Kaffe Magnum Opus Happy St. Patrick's Day Everyone!

Happy St. Patrick's Day even though I'm not IrishGot my Green though #StPatricksDay#BabyFaceBigBeard

I think they made the Chicago river greener for St. Patrick's day or something, was quite intrigued by it. XD

Is St. Patricks Day a national holiday in Ireland? Or is it a play holiday like Valentines day ?

Happy St. Patrick's day to all you Leprechauns! Submit your #webseries by March 31st!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! This #Stormtrooper does NOT want to be pinched.

Which St. Patrick's Day sweet will you make? 51 Sweets with Tutorials!

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all of You celebrating today!

Why am I not celebrating St Patricks Day

Happy St. Paddy's Day friends! Although with a name like mine everyday is pretty much St. Patrick's Day! #LoveGreen

Happy Saint Patricks Day! We are OPEN 10-6 and we are having a SALE! Come on by  make sure you're wearing your green

I just entered St. Patrick's Day Sweepstakes for 2 to Dublin, Ireland!  #MagnersStPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  What's the best way to keep your veggies GREEN?  A Corrigan Misting System, of course!

Happy St Patrick's Day, we here at NSIS prefer Fosters (The Amber Nectar) but for today I guess we could squeeze in a cheeky #Guinness

Happy St. Patrick's Day, #Seawolves! Enjoy your #SpringBreak and be safe out there!

Happy Saint Patrick's Day from everyone here at Profenno's Pizzeria  Pub! Hope to see everyone today!

Happy St. Patrick's Day BABEs! Today is the perfect day to play around with fun makeup looks. Come in and see us and get your green on!

You made my St. Patrick's Day!  And you too.  :)

happy st patricks day niall ! have a nice day, beauty x

Ew today is St. Patrick's Day

Uche, our IT Officerand gentleman has won the St.Patrick's Day curlywurly! #stpatricksday

Happy St. Patrick's Day Everyone! Come in Today March 17 Only for 15% off any GREEN Items! Just say you saw it on

HAPPY ST PATRICK'S DAY to all my true Irish family! And to those who are a wee bit o Irish today have a safe and

Happy St. Patrick's Day from all the Silverback Gorillas at GMG Advertising

On my way to Toronto for my favourite holiday!! Happy St. Patrick's Day!! #irishpride

Green juices to celebrate St Patrick's Day: avocado, spinach,  kiwi or celery, cucumber  apple. Top up with coconut water. Enjoy!

Let's keep St. Patrick's Day happyIf you drink, don't drive.  Consider a cab/taxi ride or designated driver.

Kiss me I'm Ir-ish. #StPatricksDay #ErinGoBragh (I have friends named Erin and Patrick who are dating each other)

happy St.. Patrick's day, twitter, from my great great grandfather.

A successful sale and happy customer, the Vann Team closes another one!  #realestate #stpete Happy St. Patrick's Day

I gotta get my baby some st. Pattys day cookies. Happy st Patrick's day

An antique St. Patrick's day postcard for all of you on this fine day. From the Murphy family and Sage Farm

i forgot it was St. Patrick's day. Nigga walked in class  pinched my arm..

happy  St. Patrick's day irish doctor

are you wearing blue? because you can say the real color of St. Patrick is blue.

Kate Middleton makes a bold statement in her St. Patrick's Day outfit

Happy St. Patrick's Day!! Luck is on your side w/ #HappyHour ! 1/2 off Wine  Beer w/ $1 #Oysters !

run for your life.  St. Patrick's day in midtown Manhattan Already saw a vomiting girl wearing a green feather boa

They say everybody's Irish on St. Patrick's Day. However, you choose to celebrate, have fun and be safe!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Celebrate, enjoy and be safe!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Check out these 10 facts about the celebration (it's more than just drinking green beer!)

Happy St. Patrick's Day to my ancient Irish ancestors that I only think about on March 17th

Yes please!  Happy St. Patrick's Day to all celebrating - be safe out there!

Happy St. Patricks Day!! Come see us Open 10am-5pm!!

Top 10 Irish gems we'll be celebrating this St. Patrick's Day:  Niall Horan, Westlife and Collin Farrell are some of the best things

Im Puerto Rican so if it wasn't for twitter i wouldn't even kno it was st. Patricks day

FACT: St. Patrick was born in England, sent to Ireland as a child by pirates! Random, I know.

Happy St Patrick's Day!  May your day be filled with love, peace and plenty of gratitude.  May you all feel

St. Patricks Day: the day Patrick Duffy led all the snakes out of Egypt. #StepbyOstep

St Patrick's Day, what a load of nonsense

HAPPY ST PATRICK DAY I LOVE YOU ALL

19 years old and still having that panic moment when you look down and realize you're not wearing green on St. Patrick's Day

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Stay safe as you celebrate today.

Back Atter InTheLab 2Day 'Sifting' Thru The Amazing TrakKs Created Yesterday 4 's RadNFab Songs!!!HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!!

Even though i'm not Irish I really want to go downtown and celebrate St.Patricks Day

It's St. Patrick's Day! It's when I feel the most Scottish of all! You have a holiday, but we have something better: THE LOCH NESS MONSTER!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Are you in need of some green, let us help you!  Stop by your local BTI John Deere

Niggas cant' wait to celebrate St. Patrick's Day and wear green like they're Irish, but can't do ONE thing for Black History Month. Smh.

So who wants to be my WCW on St. Patricks day????

Refer to hashtag on my St. Patrick's day post.

Need some St. Patrick's Day limericks, leprechauns  #ScoopThatPoop reminders? Lucky you:

FIRST EVER 11TH ANNUAL WORLD'S SHORTEST ST. PATRICK'S DAY PARADEMarch 17, 2014Location: Downtown Hot Springs

Happy St. Patrick's Day! from Wine Country Social

Drinking fucking shitloads bc I have reason bc it's st Patricks day!!

dear Today Show: Enrique Iglesias? its St Patricks Day! we couldnt get something a little more irish? really?

We're usually closed on Mondays, but we're working overtime today. A free St. Patrick's Day T-shirt to anyone who

Happy St Patrick's Day, a.k.a my favorite day because everything is green! #bobble

HAPPY CELEBRATION OF ME TODAY GUYS!!  HAPPY S. PATRICK DAY!!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! It's like Arbor Day only more trees will be hugged.

Irish Blessings to you on this St. Patrick's Day.

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! Enjoy your Spring Break!

Happy St Patrick's Day! We have a 10% off coupon code for today: PADDYGIMME10. TC apply

Happy St. Patricks Day!  What is your favorite green food?

THEY DIDN'T EVEN MAKE IT TO ST. PATRICK'S DAY!!!

Saint Jewelry Saint Necklace Saint Patrick by SarahWoodJewelry  via

Happy St. Patrick's Day from the WKU Store! We're reppin an old SOKY Happenings cover on our wall.

I'm actually Irish and I'm not going all out or wearing green for St. Patricks. #oops

Happy St Patrick's Day from all of us at Black and White Rent-A-Car! Remember not to drink  drive. Call Uber or

In honor of St. Patrick's Day! Best video ever.

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! I'm looking at my pictures of Dublin and i'm feeling nostalgic. Wish i could go back soon.

So it's St. Patricks day I'm going to run around pinching people because I can.

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!!  Please be safe out there!!

good morning and happy st patrick's day 3 did you have a good weekend? i hopped on a plane from nyc to vegas and

A million people have asked me if it's St. Patrick's day today, like I'm not dressed like this for the fun of it!

that's ok. I read today that St. Patrick's actual color was blue. So just wear blue.

I'm sorry but I don't see the point in celebrating saint patricks day it's just another excuse for people to get absolutly locked

Morning! Sunny but chilly here. Hope you day goes well. And Happy St. Patrick's Day! :)

Didn't even know it was saint Patrick's day! Lmao

Well you learn something new every day#StPatricksDay #delorean #BackToTheFuture #madeinIreland

S/O to the girl walking around school with st. Patrick's day balloons

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!And I just saw my first Robin of Spring!!!!!  YAHOOO!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! The Rooster wears greenin its logo!

Happy #StPatricksDay everyone. May your day be touched by a bit of #Irish luck!

Oh yeah happy at Patrick's day

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Try this St. Patrick's cabbage soup.  #recipe

OH HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY TO YE!

sean patrick. no clearly no irish at all

People link St.Patrick's Day to drinking and partyinghe's a Catholic saint.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Is your pet wearing green? Are you?

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Spotlighting Irish-born actress Angela Greene in a vintage publicity still.

Did you know that st. Patrick was not Irish and that he wore blue, not green? #HappyStPats

Lucky guys from my garden :) happy St. Patrick's day! #clover #fourleaves #patrick

St. Patrick's Day is TODAY!!18:00 PUBQUIZ St.Paddy's Special Edition20:00 till late: Live Music with Charlie

I'm that girl who wore all black on #StPatricksDay. I mean, it IS technically the day he died, so

Happy St. Patricks Day!  From our team at Made in USA Certified - Wishing the #luckoftheirish to our

St Patrick's Day is for Ireland, north and south. He brought Christianity to Ireland. Surely you'd appreciate that.

yeah I deffs will. Cant be disappointing St.Patrick

Patrick Beverly fucked a dinosaur last night. #Beastiality

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Tune into to hear your favorite tunes. Tweet me your requests or shoot me a text.

I never got pinched before on saint patricks day because I have green eyes.

Happy St.Patricks day to everyone Irish and everyone celebrating it:)

Check out some fun new looks for jewelry on St. Patrick's day:

#HappyStPatricksDay, Whether it's donning Leprechaun hats, drinking Guinness or green beer have a great St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day, Miss Lisa!

Fun fact: carson chose saint patrick as his Conformation name #catholicproblems #stillabadcatholic #happyCarsonsday

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Enjoy the ridiculous talent that is Felicity and her Dwyer School of Irish Dance friends.

Conrad Rocks!: Coffee with Conrad - St. Patrick's Day 2014  #CWC

I'm not into st patrick's day at all

Your friends at TOPTEAM Fitness Academy would like to wish everyone a healthy and safe St.Patrick's Day!!!#TOPTEAMinc

calling people stupid for celebrating St. Patrick's day.

Happy st Patricks day drink up the Guinness

St Patrick's Day parade, Roscrea

In honour of St. Patrick's Day student council is giving out free shamrock shakes in the small gym at lunch today!!

Oh and Happy St. Patricks Day to everyone especially my fellow irishmen. :D

Happy St. Patrick's Day, #Mizzou Nation! We're so lucky to serve the best alumni  fans in the world every day. MIZ!

St. Patrick's day parade was always physically the worst parade to march in smdh by far Savannah's longest parade

St Patrick used a shamrock, a three cloved leaf to explain the Holy Trinity

ST PATRICK'S DAY CUPCAKES IN THE CAFE AND GUESS WHAT? IT'S STILL LENT AHHHHH

Are you fucking kidding me patrick godzilla and his brother can get a girlfriend but I can't even get a boyfriend. Ha. What the fuck man.

Loving st patricks day gyms deed that how chesssttt brohsss !!

Week Two! How do you do? Are you thinking about working off the St Patrick's Day Drinks? Then let's get after it!

My name is Patrick, therefore I shouldn't have to wear green. Buuut, a marijuana shirt won't hurt.

Saw a guy at a bus stop at 9:17am this morning in a Guinness hat. Happy St Patricks days.

We had Lucky Charms (a very rare treat) with green milk this morning!How are you celebrating St. Patrick's Day?

Welp it is St. Patricks day sooo I guess a beer or two will do.

Happy St. Patrick's day, the holiday with no purpose.

Got that green on! Happy st. Patricks day! #st.patricks #music #cheeringforchad #chad #nashville #nyc #hollywood

Who's feeling lucky today?! Happy St. Patrick's Day to our Irish followers! #luckoftheirish #StPatricksDay #bebrave #staystrong #vikinglove

Have a happy, healthy  safe St. Patrick's Day everyone!

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all Irish-Canadians! It's time to bring out those green beers, grab shamrocks and banish all snakes!!

This is the PERFECT shirt for today! Happy St. Patricks! #UCF #chargeon #UCFknights

Tag us in your St Patricks Day pics and we will like  share our favorites!

st.patricks day, the only other thing Irish are known for besides being so white

Happy St. Patrick's day from the loveliest little leprechaun!

Happy St. Paw-trick's Day everyone! #StPatricksDay #stpattys #chirish #chicago #monday #dogs #funny #HappyMonday

Members of the Chicago Blackhawks, including Patrick Sharp #10 and Brandon Saad #20, participated in warm-ups

Did you know that St. Patrick was actually born in England, he was dressed in blue (not green), floating a

Wishing you a happy St. Patrick's Day! Put on your green swimsuit and come enjoy the day beach-side!

What better way to celebrate St. Patrick's day than with these sexy Irish lasses!

Lol I just realized it was st Patricks day and I'm Irish haha

Highlights from the Clones St Patricks Eve Festival, including the night time parade and fireworks display.  LIKE

Top of the morning twitter, may #IrishBlessing be with you all everyday. Happy Saint Patrick's day #IrishAndProud

Rocking green at work today for st Patrick's day! Proud to be Irish no matter what!

Riding on a bus for seven hours on St. Patricks Day My ancestors would not like this. I should be drinking beer all day

iM happy it's st. patricks day it's my time to shine

Good Morning sweets. Happy St. Patrick's Day! :)

St Patricks day is kind of pointless.

Your mom is St. Patrick's Day

Haaappppy St. Patty's Day! ) WE ARE! #StPatricksDay #StPattys

Thanks For The RT'S My Dear Edurne, And A Happy St. Patrick's Day To You!  May You Be Bless! :-)))

Happy st.Patricks Day from INDONESIA

Here are some St. Patrick's Day supplies you can use in your kitchen all year long

Happy birthday to you St Patrick.s ahahaha

There's that Saint Patrick's Day luck

Happy St. Patricks day!  Parade and Tonight Show baby!!! #playinghooky

This my last underage St Patrick's day

Happy St. Patrick's Day birthday to Buster!

In what way should I celebrate this St. Patrick Day ?

Celebrating the Luck of the Irish with this Green-Inspired Couture Wedding Gown. Happy St.Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patricks to my green teeth!

These are 2 kids doing St Patricks Day right! #barcrawl #clarendon

Happy St. Patrick's day everybody!  Go green with doTERRA essential oils!!

Happy St. Patrick's Day and our baker, Marika, is celebrating her birthday too!  We're open from 12 to 5 on

Happy Saint Patrick's Day Everyone! Take the spirit of the day for friends and family, Not to my Pints please! Enjoy Health Happiness!

Thought st patricks day was yesterday.  Dam leperchaun tricked me

Hi!!I's PER-FECTI love you:)I love youI love youI love youHappy st Patricks :)xx'

Check out this great St. Patrick's Day #eyewear! More photos via

Happy St. Patrick's Day people! Sure its just another reason to drink for the non Irish but WHO CARES? I would

Happy Paddy's Day, everyone! Here's my #playlist for the occasion:  Beer and tunes all around! #StPatricksDay #Slainte

Where do you recommend we celebrated St Patrick's Day?

How did I let this happen? Its St. Patrick's day and I don't have any corned beef hash!

If you pinch me on St. Patrick's day and I don't like you.you're gonna get hit in the face. #fairwarning #camoisgreen

#HappyStPatricksDay St.Patrick's Day!I am going to enjoy the Irish Stew

Just solved the riddle and found the pot'o'gold. Happy st patrick's day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!Put some green in your life today for:A new state of balanceA need for change or

Durango already turning up for st Patricks day haha

Enjoy St. Patrick's Day with a FREE Walking Taco 11-1 today in LSF 144. Club Call-Out is going on today too. Find out how to Join a Club!

Happy St Patrick's Day to our friends - we are sure you are all celebrating in style!

Its may be st patricks day, but I have other reasons to drink my face off. #stress

Happy St Patrick's day! Start out with patty's breakfast and beer.  Saucer)

leaving work early could be a good thing. Celebrating St. Patrick's day with my sweetie later being the #sobersally

Happy St Patrick's Day from  Join them tonight for a special performance

Hello tweeps! Happy St. Patrick's day! Glad to hear Mayor Deblasio is boycotting the parade due to their anti-LGBT stance. #equalityforall

St. Patrick's day is so gay. Everyone pretends to be irish and gets drunk. Some holiday. If you celebrate this day you are retarded.

Hi David!!  Happy St. Patrick's Day!!  Have a wonderful day!!  Stay safe my Friend!!  xx

St Patricks Day?I live in Germany wie don't have this day :-(

New Scout bags and patterns are the perfect way to bring some green into your life today!  Happy St. Patrick's

A green greeting on this Saint Patrick's Day! Cheers #PaloAltoFans!

great Andy!!!! #accent #heaven Happy st Patrick's day chum.x

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Feeling Lucky?Post Your Comment on this link for a chance at a $150 dinner at Miss

Since my sweetheart Kay Killian, is Irish, I am going to a Mexican St. Patrick's Day dinner for her tonight:  I

we wear red on st.Patricks day

Snow Patrick's Day seems like a good time to find out if #TrueDetective is as great as everyone says.

I can't believe I forgot to wear green clothes for St. Patrick's Day! Luckily my ID badge has it covered

FLASH Giveaway for 3 lucky Saint Patrick's Day Dogs!!! Stop by for a chance to WIN Natural Balance Dental Chews!

At the age of 16, Patrick, a Roman citizen, had the was kidnapped by Irish raiders who took him away and sold him

//HAPPY ST PATRICKS DAY HELL BELLS!

:). The quote comes from one of the two sources we know were actually written by Patrick.

Can you tell we are SO excited about our St. Patrick's Day Party?? Come join us tonight at Coaches  Cowboys with

St. Patrick's Day parade in Manhattan should be held on a w/end like every other parade in the city.The fact that it isn't irritates me.

Happy St Patricks day! Del mar community connections will be guest bartending tonight from 5-8pm Come by and support them!

OpEd: St. Patrick Can Kiss My Wild Irish Ass

If you still pinch on St. Patricks day, I'm gonna take yo ass down to a childcare since you want to act so childish

St. Patrick's Day is a drinking game in itself.

If u where raised by a 100% Irish father Happy St.Patricks Day ..u earned it

Happy St. Patrick's Day ! May the good saints protect ye and the devil neglect ye!

The Jason Matt Team would like to wish everyone a Happy St. Patrick's Day. Be safe tonight, friends!

Celebrating Cynthia's Birthday and St. Patrick's day! 3

I love that we have a student-athlete named Patrick Kelly whose birthday is St Patrick's Day #slainte #leprechaun

Out of all days, today I will not have a drink. Yea, I know it's St. Patrick's Day. Most people only honor this

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Celebrate with our Burning Barn Irish Red

Cornado Marching Band - Behind the scenes at St.Patrick's Day Parade in Dublin!

Happy Birthday to: Tamar Braxton-Herbert (37), Kurt Russell (63) and Patrick Duffy (66)

It's sensitive topic Monday!: Cultural Infusion: Erin Go Bragh!  With St. Patrick's Day today, we wa

Happy St. Patrick's Day from FloridaWild Veterinary Hospital

Sorry, but St. Patricks Day is the silliest holiday ever. Are you *really* honoring Ireland by eating a bright green bagel?

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all! Here's a little Irish blessing to start your day off in the holiday spirit.

Roy Choi Dons Google Glass For Ultimate St. Patrick's Day Feast - Chip Chick

Which places are giving away free food for St. Patrick's day???

Happy St. Patrick's day everyone! Already clebrated my inner irish all weekend haha but hey go crazy today! ;D

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Tactical Supply. 10% off all our O'Dee Green Magpul accessories today.  Bring us a

Really wish my baby didn't work tonight. Kind of ruined st Patricks day for me. -__-

Top weekend stories: Mother's torment, St. Patrick's Day, Warrior glory - Sioux Falls Argus Leader  #topstories

Happy St Patrick's Day to all my lovely Irish folk out there! #stpaddies

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  The City of Naperville, IL is starting out the day with a

Happy St. Patricks Day I Got My Sticky Green For Today.

Happy St Patrick's Day from FCSEC!!!!!

So who's tryna Darty this St Patricks Day?

Happy St. Patrick's day to all. Remember, if you're going to have even one drink today and you are a legally

Ah but, If I'm partially Irish, can we have a whole kiss ? Happy St Patrick's Day :) xxx

Hope everyone had a great Spring Break!  Let's keep the party going for St Patricks day! #NIU#greenbeer #Jameson #carbombs #Irish #stpattys

From Rogue Survival to all our friends  family We wish you a safe  Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!We'll be out

Happy St. Patrick's Day!! Can't wait to meet up with and !

Awk I thought Saturday was St.Patrick's day..

{ Happy St. Patrick's Day! } Dormae and Brian at Bridal Veil Lakes in the Columbia River Gorge

Happy St. Patrick's Day! How do you celebrate the luck o' the Irish today?

Happy Saint Patrick's Day to you, too! I'm going to wear something green to celebrate it :)

Happy Saint Patrick's Day from Criswell Nissan!#SaintPatricksDay2014 #DontGetPinched #LuckoftheIrish

Lucky Loot from some of my favorite sites because everyone's Irish on St. Patrick's Day! Page 6 Boutique Piace

St. Patrick of Ireland born 387 died 461

Gunna celly hard tonight for st patty's day! Cheers errbody! #StPatricksDay #beersonbeers

Happy st. Patrick's day to all mi Irish ppl #turnup #paddy's day

St. Patrick's DayI shamrock'd the block, my last name is Irish,  im drinking green tea. If I forgot to wear green, im still good righ?

but its st patricks day so its a shamrock-quake

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Have fun tonight!!!! PS: Drink responsible ;)

Is Your Shamrock Real or Bogus?  According to St. Patrick's Day lore, Patrick used the three leaves.

This print is AMAZING! Come see us today for our St. Patricks Shindig! All day! We are open 11-7!

Happy St Patrick's Day!  Make sure you get your greens today.

Celebrating St Patricks day in the jungle! Now that's a lot of green :-)

Happy St. Patrick's Day !  We are open!   Come celebrate in the true Irish tradition at Park Lane #FXBG

Boston thinks they go hard for st Patricks day lol come to NYC their parades today and kicks Boston's ass

We had a great time in the St. Patrick's Day Parade on Saturday! #doyoumoo

Oh wait not only is it St. Patrick's day but its also #BonesDay!! Yay! All new #BONES tonight at 8/7c on Fox.

Happy St. Patrick's Day - If your pot at the end of a rainbow includes #buyingahome, contact Old Dominion Realty.

Hey if it's Saint Patrick's Day, does that mean I can have Guinness with dinner tonight?

idgaf about Saint Patricks day, when do Italians have a day?

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Here is Irish Canadian Model Coco Rocha.

I am not Irish but still kiss me on St. Patrick's day so I know its real

Top of the Morn 2 U!Happy St Patricks Day!Mon Bleh!Pens lost 2 Flyers twice Bleh!! PT Today:) Movie was good! Walking Dead was unexpected:/

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Hope everyone enjoys their day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day Everyone! Today, we're all Irish! :)

Exactly  Tf you celebrating st Patricks day for if you not Irish?''

St. Patrick's Day:Because I was looking for an excuse to drink on a Monday.

St. Patrick#x2019;s Day deals highlight this week#x2019;s roundup of Myrtle Beach-area restaurant news

Wait today is the real St. Patrick's day?

Have a great St Patricks Day Monday beautiful Ms Tapout3

For your St. Patty's Day Festivities has you covered! Free rides tonight! #greenbeer #StPatricksDay

Thank you Toni! I love you and miss you! Happy st. Patricks day! :)

Danica Patrick survives wrecks angry Harvick 2 #finish 18th  #DanicaPatrick #going #PHOTOS

Thanks to Chris Greve Music for stopping by the studio today to sing us a few Irish songs! The St. Patrick's day

I didn't even know today was St. Patricks day until a girl walked in with a get lucky shirt.. Oops.

Mets have MLB's best St. Patrick's Day hats

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Today at Noble Pies Cafe we have Carrot Apple Ginger Soup, Corned Beef and Cabbage Pie,

Since it's St. Patricks day can someone run down to the local pub and fetch me a smooth pint of Guinness

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Have you seen any #StPatricksDay inspired displays?  Share them with us!

Happy St. Patrick's Day all! Go green with us today and every day of the year!Tips for going green and staying

turning St.Patrick's day parades in to Gay pride is why orginizers didnt want the Queers there in first place

I'm neither Irish nor of legal drinking age, so excuse me for not being terribly hype for St. Patrick's Day

Happy St. Patrick's Day from all of us at ReidBuilt Homes Calgary!

Happy St.Patricks Day !!! 3 lysm xx

Happy St. Patrick's Day. Here's some tips to have a healthy one!

It's a sad day when I have to skip corned beef and cabbage on St Patrick's Day! #irishgirlproblems

I wanted to go to Saint Patrick's day ugh I had to work

Happy St. Patrick's day baby! Remember kids, Liquor before beer, you're in the clearBeer before liquor, never sicker

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone. Got my Jamberry green on for the day. Making corn beef and cabbage for dinner!! Mmmm.

Happy St Patrick's Day from Cupcakes 2 Heaven, Lesmurdie, Western Australia!You'll find this Cake Appreciation

Happy St Patricks day!  Stop and hear the live Irish music in the EDC today from noon to 1:15 pm!  #lynncravings

On this note: HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY BITCHES! Kiss an Irish Guy/Gal for good luck all year long on St. Paddy's!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!I spent my weekend at the local St. Patty's Day parade with some friends. What are

I know what I'm drinking today. [UPDATED] Heineken, Sam Adams Pull Out Of St. Patrick's Parades Over LGBTQ Ban  via @

Happy st Patrick's Day from our house to yours!

Got to love St Patrick day. So many girls wearing their cute outfits posting pics.  Bless them and their awesome bodies.

Wish I didn't work on St. Patricks dayor the day after. #reallifeproblems

Happy St.Patricks Daylook what will be available today only at  #chachimomma

HAPPY ST. PATRICKS DAYYY IRELAND! ;) #StPatricksDay

Happy St Patrick's Day to all the Irish out there! We hope that everyone wore some green. :) #StPatricksDay

Wait its st Patrick day???

To all the Irish people, Happy St. Patricks Day :)

Happy St. Patrick's Day!! Hope to see you today at 4pm for live Celtic music!

Happy St Patrick's Day to you and yours Niall. Have fun!!!

Start St Patrick's Day off right: if you get all our questions right, treat yourself to an extra slice of soda bread!

Happy St. Patrick's day everyone! Our last job fair is tomorrow, come out and see us! Details here:

I bearly  remembered today was st.patricks day

WORKSHOP tonightessential oils with GREEN labelsfor St Patricks day.Angel Moments shop2285 n lake ave

Who the fuck made st patricks day

Soooo what's the point in St Patrick's day?

May you have the Luck O' The ArtistHappy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!Today we have:Corned beef and cabbage, Irish stew Fried cheese curds

Def tryna cop one of those st.patricks day mets hats

Best dressed MP in HoC on St Patrick's Day: Romford Tory Andrew Rosindell, resplendent in green shirt, green tie  huge shamrock on lapel.

What do you call an earthquake on Saint Patricks day? A shamrock came #earrthquake #imhilarious

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Savannah! Go to  and check it out! Lots of good ideas  #StPatrick

St. Patrick's day shouldn't be a holiday.

Happy St. Patricks Day! We hope there is a pot of gold at the end of your rainbow!

Happy St Patricks Day, hope to see you in 3 weeks.

Hard luck mt Leinster rangers, great achievement to get to croke park on st patricks day#barrykellydisgrace

I will be blasting this as soon as I get home Happy St. Patrick's Day

Happy St. Patrick's Day, everyone! Olde Sandwich Towne gets head start on festivities.  via

Happy st patricks day - Drinking a Guinness Extra Stout by -

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Check out this Pinterest board for some last minute party ideas. #StPatricksDay

Working from home, listening to last week's Ceol na nGael. Best St. Patrick's Day.

Happy Saint Patrick's Day to our own 100% Irish Eoin and all the Irish People around the World!

Come celebrate St. Patrick's Day with us today in midtown!!

And a happy St. Pat's to you too, Guinness! Very well played, folks - Guinness Drops Sponsorship of NYC St. Patrick

As a celebration of St. Patrick's Day, most schools serve alcohol in the cafeteria lines; you just have to ask for it. #adbryce

Great crack at Tom Meaghers celebrating St Patricks day its full of tourists  only establshment left like it in Waterford. #traditional pub

Some winner interviews from the BMO St. Patrick's Day 5K!

Rocking the greenHappy St. Patrick's Day! !Be safe!

Nearly forgot.Happy St Patrick's day

20% OFF Red Head Blend!!! Also, if you are a readhead, 20% OFF any bag of coffee!! HAPPY SAINT PATRICK'S DAY!!!

At the pub with the family for st Patrick day this glass of coke is for you granddad r.I.p

Top o'the morning to ye twitter, and a happy St. Patrick's day as well. #irishroots #cantpinchthis

St Patrick's Day retoast: left or right?

have the link for the st Patrick day ewings? It's via there official website

Sending an Irish Blessing to our alumni, friends, and family on this St. Patrick's Day.  #SaintLeoMay the road

The Badger Catholic: St. Patrick driving the snakes out of Ireland

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Denver!  Check out how the rest of the world is celebrating.

Happy St Patrick's Day from the Rose girls. De Reading

My babies ready for St. Patricks day

Happy St Patrick's Day to all my KCCO peps!!

Jim, from Anne Marie, Have a good and blessed St. Patrick's Day!  St. Patrick's Breastplate.

We would like to welcome our residents back from spring break with St. Patrick's Day cupcakes and treats in the

Happy St Patricks Day from #Modexshow booth 3027 :)

St. Patrick's Day parade organizers consider moving future St. Paul parades to weekends   What do u think?

For St. Patrick's Day parades and celebrations, follow my PARADES list:

Happy St Patricks day to all my Irish freinds

The first St. Patrick's Day Parade took place in NYC in 1762. Presumably, this was long after the first St. Patricks day beer.

My St. Patrick's Day tradition is staying indoors.

Happy St Patricks Day! Dont forget to wear green! #WAstate is wearing Evergreen  #history of green

St. Patrick. Boosting the Tourist industry in NI on his own. He's big in China now too it seems !

Happy St.Patrick's Day and Happy B-Day to my Brothers wife Katie Wheelock! Have a great day! I will be spinning in Austin Tonight.

It's your lucky day! FREE SHIPPING! Use code: LUCKY #lucky #stpatricksday #freeshipping  #shopcouture #couturetee

I'd pay good money to get black out with Patrick Kane today.

Continue your St. Patrick's Day celebration with {Green} pizza. Kid  Adult versions included:

Happy St. Patrick's Day! May your home always be too small to hold your friends.Here's to me, and here's to

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Osu!

I think I've worn green on St. Patrick's day twice out of 21 tries

We saved a throwback Thursday photo for todayHappy St. Patrick's Day to all!

actuallywhy does anyone give a shit about st patricks day

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! I'm not wearing any green today so I think I failed St. Paddy's Day.

Why are English people wishing fellow English people Happy St Patrick's day? It's nowt to do with us, We have to muscle in on everything.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Enjoy these Irish Mashed Potatoes with a Greek twist. #GreekCreamCheese

Happy St. Patrick's day from Paris!

hey! Irish is for life. Not just for St. Patricks day.

a belated Happy Birthday Kelly!.now enjoy St . Patrick ' s day!

[VIDEO] This Grandpa Got More Action on St. Patrick's Day 2012 Than You Did

happy St Patrick's Day boys! Congratulations on last night, an amazing performance! X

Here is where you can celebrate St. Patrick's Day at #WDW and the #Disneyland Resort!

Presidents  St. Patrick's Day (via

happy St. Patrick's day sunshine! xx

Having practice at 6am the day after St. Patrick's Day is cruel.

Babybee is getting her nap in before we finish getting ready to go to the St. Patrick's Day parade #Irish ##StPatricksDay

HAPPY ST PATRICK'S DAY! We do love ourselves from green! So much so that today's S/S 14 TREND ALE//t.co/7NHEc5It3v

It's St. Patrick's Day and I completely forgot to wear green. But- oh wait- my last name is Green so I got all y'all suckas beat. #fb

lol I didn't remember it was St. Patrick's day hahahaha #nosociallife

I'm here, the earth did an Irish jig for St. Patrick's Day! Woke me right up.

RT excited ahead of St Patrick's Day inspired event tonight. Reg's are high, it's set to be a cracker! #irelandinspires

Girl in class is reading the comments on a friends FB pic, wikipedia'd St. Patricks Day,  looked up Memphis' last day of class. I feel you!

We hope our clover necklace will bring you luck this St. Patrick's Day! #luckyjewels

DJ Elrap told me to take a #selfie. So here's my St. Patricks Day selfie. #stpats #kc

Happy St. Patricks Day and Happy 1st Birthday to my man Murphy!

Looking for more St. Patrick's Day events? Still some celebrating happening in #BucksCounty today:  #StPatricksDay

Happy St Patrick's Day. Turning green from too much alcohol doesn't always mean a trip to AE is for you! Be safe and #ChooseWell!

Happy St. Patrick's Day from everyone at Comfort Incorporated!

Happy #StPatricksDay! Great day to talk about greens. Try this delicious parmesan kale salad with roasted tomatoes.

Come in and save, 17% off for St. Patrick's Day! Open 10-5 in Hampton, 11-6 in Mason City

nailed it. happy #St #Patricks day to my #Irish friends :)#leprechaun

Happy St. Patrick's Day and Spring Break Day 1! We hope you're enjoying your break  some irish noms today! #CornedBeefAndCabbage

Now it's St. Patrick's Day for real. Have fun, everyone.

It's your lucky day as we have for you our Puppy Room promo vid, enjoy our furry little friends! #StPatricksDay

It's St Patrick's Day. Guess what's cooking in here. (KS)

Happy St. Patrick's Day. May you have the best of luck now and always!

I'm English, so I don't celebrate St Patrick's day, however it still really bugs me when people say its St Patty's day #paddynotpatty

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Top 5 Best Drink Recipes  via #drinkup #besafe

Happy St. Patrick's Day! What potato dishes are you making today?

Guinness boycotts St. Patrick's parade in NYC over LGBT bans  dnt have enough hands to drink all these beers n support

Happy St. Patrick's Day and welcome home!!

HAHA! Happy St. Patrick's Day, Cooper!

Happy St. Patrick's Day from your friends at Brazilian Footwear!

forgot it was st. patricks day today  i didn't wear green.

Photo: Happy St. Patrick Day. (at Central Park South)

Happy St. Patrick's day H Nation!

A splash of green for St. Patrick's Day! No one pinch us!

I love how everyone suddenly becomes half Irish on Saint Patrick's day

Happy St Patricks Day!Be safe- get a cab

Greetings, groovers! Happy St. Patrick's Day with

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Come celebrate in the true Irish tradition at Park Lane #HRVA

Everybody is Irish on Saint Patrick's day :)

Some really fun St. Patrick's day snack ideas by

So excited to see what the 6th graders are wearing for st. Patricks day

Happy St. Patrick's Day from iheartgirls and Mary-Jane McLain! Brand new set of lucky photos:

Happy St.Patrick's Day!! Hopefully you won't get sentenced in Leprechaun Court to a wearin' of the Green Shoes!!.

Happy St Patricks Day!Corned Beef  Cabbage or Reuben Soup today.#241HappyHour #CornedBeefAndCabbage #StPatricksDay #Beer

[God Bricks] Happy Saint Patrick's Day  #BrickRSS

Happy St. Patricks Day from your friends at #Barfields. If you forgot to wear green, stop by and get this little gem.

Happy st. Patrick day with my brothers #TurntInTheCity #brotherhood #sigmapi #nyc

When did they canonize Patrick Duffy and give him his own holiday? #StPatricksDay

American lit prof played a clip from the Muppets in honour of St. Patrick's Day, I sense good things in my future.

St Patricks day:Drunk Niall selfies Drunk Niall tweetsTake on your life jacket so you don't  drown yourself tonight

Test on the Monday after spring break and on Saint Patrick's Day is just cruel

Would've been nice to know it was saint Patricks day..

Today is the day St. Patrick drove the snakes out of Ireland and onto Samuel L. Jackson's plane!  Happy St.

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Come in to help celebrate the Luck o the Irish with a scrumptious plate of Corned Beef

Happy St. Patrick's Day you muthafuckin mofos.

Wishing everyone a safe and Happy St. Patricks Day! Don't let the weather knock you down PMD still works rain or

oh shit its st patricks day and im not wearing green!!!holy shit im about to get pinced

Green every where you look. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

We never forget to wear our green on St. Patrick's Day.

Today ONLY for St. Patricks Day!$17Gel mani Express pedi2 facial waxesUnderarmCall us

Is there a minhag to drink Irish coffee when St. Patricks Day falls on Shushan Purim? #HilchosStPattysDay

Celebrating St. Patrick's Day with a math scavenger hunt through the halls. #GESshineon

Happy St. Patrick's day! Let the pinching commence! #stpattysday #saintpatricksday #green

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Even the second Mrs. Barnum appreciated the Irish - this close up of her boudoir shows her four-leaf clover and

i swear no one better not pinch me bc it's St. Patricks day. i don't even know what this holiday is abt other than ppl getting mad wasted.

oh hey its St. Patricks day lol just realized

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! My Twitter profile is green. :)

Back in my day, if you didn't wear green for st. Patrick's day, you got pinched.They'd probably call it harassment now.

St Patricks day has been good for you

Saint Patrick's Day is more than all things green; remember Saint Patrick, the man, and his legacy.

Happy Saint Patrick's day. The least this falling snow could do is turn green. Oh, wait, maybe turn into gold. Yeah, that's it, gold.

Happy St. Patricks Day. May the luck of the Irish be with today and everyday.

St. Patrick's Day. Green Mint Vegan Smoothie. Yummy.

Wearing pink on St. Patricks Day Yolo

I honestly don't understand st Patrick's day.

Happy St. Patricks day. We had the joy of seeing Paul on 4 shows and today on TV singing Ireland.

My mom bought my sister and I a bunch of st. Patricks day accessories.. Wonder where she wanted me to wear it to

Happy St. Patrick's Day Sterling Knight and #Knighters!! :D (pic from Melissa  Joey)

TSt Patricks Day giving away 5 of our green Pear  Cottonflower sprays  #win follow //t.co/UD6oEkcrp8

Who wants some Corned Beef and Cabbage?!?!?! We got it ready for you!!!Happy St. Patricks Day!!!

Happy Snow Patrick's Day! Your local pub is here to serve all your Snow/Paddy's day needs! #snowpatricksday #bloomingdaledc #mondayfunday

Thanks C5I'll keep warm on this icy St. Patrick's Day with my new SNUGGIE! #C5Luck

Happy St. Patrick's Day! #gogreen4stpatricks and follow our friends

Just some green for Saint Patricks day. #duckdepression #SaintPattysDay #moneyheads #green #badboyzoutdoors

Happy St. Patrick's Day Graham !

Wishing all a happy St. Patrick's Day!!!! From our paws to yours!!!!

SMOOCH!! Kisses, sunshine  LUCK! to everyone today!Happy St. Patrick's DayShamrock Speech Bubble Button  via

Happy St. Patrick's Day! I'm celebrating with an Irish Coffee. Well, two Irish Coffees.

Happy St. Patricks day..from your old pals Slumlord Radio

I think it should be a requirement that everyone speaks with a Irish accent on St. Patrick's Day.

sniff this Irish Dog Breeds: Celebrate St. Patricks Day Petting One of These: These celtic canines represent t

Happy St. Patrick's Day! We will have Corned Beef  Cabbage on special through Wednesday

Looking for a green shot this St. Patrick's Day? Look no further. The Frogger is the answer.

HAPPY ST.  PATRICKS DAY !!! WEAR THE GREEN !! MY GRANDMOTHER CAME FROM COUNTY CORK MANY YEARS AGO !!!

It's St. Patricks day, right? Someone help me out.!?

Happy St. Patty's Day from AYSO Region 390! #AYSOOakRidge #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all our Irish friends, clients, volunteers  supporters (and those who want to be

I do want to see you today and celebrate St.Patricks day with you.

Happy St. Patrick's Day, all. I got my Irish going on.

Awwwwhat a cutieHappy St. Patrick's Day Rhys xo

In honor of St. Patrick's Day, we're making Hot Rueben Sandwiches.  OMG. Seriously. So good.

When even Guinness thinks being associated with the anti-gay Manhattan St Patricks Day parade is bad for business, you know the jig is up

Didn't even know it was St. Patricks Day but somehow I still managed to wear green #winning

I will def not Tweet about earthquakes, St Patricks day or the fact that I went on a murderous rampage whist sleepwalking last night.

This Irish girl -- if I was a born a boy, yes my name would have been 'Patrick Kelly' -- my birth was 15th and as

In case you were wondering, this is a best friend right here. St. Patrick's AND a hot man. She's a keeper.

Happy St. Patrick's Day Millennials! Did you know 1 in 161 Americans are named  Patrick?  #HispanicMillennials

Green cupcake from Crumbs Bake Shop for St. Patrick's Day?  Yes, please!

National Botanic Gardens | Dublin by Crystal Depth Photography Hope your all enjoying your St.Patricks Day ;)

you should be wearing green for St Patrick's Day or you'll be pinched.

It's St. Patricks Day and I'm not wearing green. Don't pinch me or I'll give you something to sit and think about.

Your adorable pics of pets celebrating St Patrick's day: a Bailey's-soaked kitten

Have I ever told you how much you ROCK??!!! Well, you do!!!! Happy St.Patrick's Day My Friend!!!!

Oh dear, so St Patrick's Day in NYC is just SantaCon but in green.

Happy St.Patricks's Day! Erin Go Braugh! Love Ya!

Happy St. Patrick's Day to you too! Irish ancestry on my Mom's side - McClure! Have a great day!! :)

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Our friends are celebrating by wearing their green. Are you?

What do you KRAVE from this St. Patrick's Day? |#KRAVEit #ecigs #party #fun #green #vapes #beer|

HAPPY ST PATRICK'S DAYnow where is my bowl of lucky charms

I remember St. #Patrick not for driving snakes out of #Ireland but for his commitment  to personal holiness

Happy St Patrick Day my ass!

St. Patrick's Day is here, you see.We'll be at the gym in one, two, three.As we walk in the door, our teeth

At Patricks day in Liverpool is something else

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY. God I wish I could move back to Dublin.

The will be wearing the #lucky St. Patricks Day hats!

Did you receive our Happy St. Patrick's Day email blast today? If you haven't, you are probably not on our email

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Celebrate the Irish with GIVEN. #french #tequila #StPatricksDay

Happy #StPatricksDay! We recently acquired this shirt made by some Irish-minded #Obama supporters. Have a great day!

St. Patrick's Day 2014! Shamrocks, leprechauns, green beer, and four-leaf clovers: fun facts,traditions for March 17!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!Drink Special:Highlander Grogg Latte16 oz. only $3.95

Brilliant photos show Ireland  as it was 120 years ago (#green):    Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy st patricks day! Drink rickards red today to win lots of prizes and Guinness is on special!

Happy St Patrick's Day to all our followers! So blessed  is a little bit green  #killedit

Happy St Patrick's Day!!! Gene Kelly-The Hat My Dear Old Father Wore - YouTube

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Between this  Australia Day I don't know which one my liver hates more.

Stereotypical Dropkick Murphys and Flogging Molly on St Patrick's day tweet

What's my favorite St. Patrick's Day blackout drunk story? I wish someone would tell me. It's a really weird scar.

Happy St Patrick's Day! Get the luck o' the Irish when you call on the Murphy for air or home upgrades!

Happy St. Patrick's Day to ya! When I created this piece I was thinking of the PNW, but I can see a Celt being

SAVE LOTS OF GREEN TODAY AT ALL AMERICAN CHEVROLET.  HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!

St Patricks day is cool and all but 4th of July will always be my favorite holiday #defrans

Happy St. Patty's Day Everybody!! #bluelakesinn #holiday #stpatricksday #green #irish Lakes Inn

May the luck of the Irish be with you all! Have a fucking amazing St. Patrick's Day Everybody. Get wasted. Drink

Saint Patrick Day eCards by Bruno Simon

Happy st Patrick's day! This famous edin Irish pub is quiet for now!

nah mate celebrate it Yorkshire style then you know what at Patricks day is all about

happy st. patricks day. if you pinch me I'll punch you in the throat.

Why hate on St Patrick when you can hate on Paul Ryan instead :D :p

Happy st Patricks day everyone! I need to put on some green!

The theme of the parade was St Patrick - Into The Future, with the saint depicted as a time-travelling adventurer.

5 years ago I spent St. Patrick's day in NYC.

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Chefs' Toys!

Mostly Irish  I hate st Patricks day. Fucj your beer I got my own green

Getting ready for St Patty's outreach! #green #StPatricksDay

It's still winter in the Hills  drive safely and have a great St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St Patrick's Day to all. Have a #FuzzedOut Day ,,/ REVEL IN THE RIFF ,,/  #paddysday #podcast #revelintheriff

It should be a law that you have to do an Irish car bomb on St. Patricks day.

I forgot it's St. Patricks Day! So much pressure for a Puerto Rican girl. Why?

Thanks grandma for your yearly package for st patricks day haha:)

Happy St. Patrick's Day! J. J. LANKES|Three Clover Leaves|1927|Woodblock|Gift of J.B. Lankes in memory of J.J. Lankes

Top O' The Mornin' Wood to ya! The Stubby Shillelaghs Happy St. Patrick's Day, Beaver Nation!  Our FREE Hoppy

Happy St Patrick's Day! Doing the sporty chic thing today on the blog  #styleblogger #sportychic

Kate looking as lovely as ever, presented the symbol of good luck, the shamrock, to the guards on St Patrick's Day.

Happy st Patrick's day everyone.  Even if youre irish today only. #StPatricksDay #stpattys #stop #fitfam#fitspo #lafitness

if you come to class drunk on st. patrick's day at least wear green. Cough cough, kid sitting next to me who brought a flask to class.

St. Patrick's Day's traditional theme color is green. Patrick's favorite color is green. I was wondering if these two has a connection lol

If you're not Irish I will never understand why you celebrate St Patricks day

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!!! Have some SNO WATER..

Happy St. Patrick's Day, #NWI! Read a green book today :)

Kiss me. Because on St. Patrick's Day we are all Irish.

Just for you (2 min. ago)! Real swill (40% alc/vol). Happy St.Patrick's Day!

hahaha it's my half birthday happy St. Patrick's day ;-)

Happy St. Patrick's Day! May the luck of the Irish be with you this Monday!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Be sure to stop by our Palatine #Hyundai location for today's official ribbon cutting!

happy St Patrick day to you thanks xx

What has this got to do with St Patrick's day? Totally disgusting!

Great St. Patty's Day shot!

If you hate on st Patricks day that's okay. If you hate on people drinking and having a good time bc you're a straight edge pussy,that's not

St. Patrick's life began with human trafficking and ended with gospel trafficking.

Delicious St. Patrick's Day soups! St. Patty's Green Onion or a Saint Tomato Soup!  Come feast upon them.

Want a unique look for today's celebrations? Happy St. Patricks Day!!

Is it still acceptable to pinch people who don't wear green on St. Patrick's day?

12 Pictures Celebrating St. Patrick's Day! |

Happy St. Patrick's Day from all of us here at NorthEast Chiropractic Center!

St Patricks day? If it doesn't have seasonal candy, then it's not a holiday I care to be a part of.

The strong association Guinness has with St Patrick's Day really is a marvel of marketing especially given its history.

Happy St. Patricks Day! Black celebs with a little Irish in 'em  #StPattysDay #KissMeImIrish

If you're still looking for the perfect St. Patrick's Day treat, I can help out.

Happy St Patrick's day everyone.  Missing you Gramps.

Waterloo campus is certainly in the St. Patricks spirit today! Irish SWAG and free cookies. Happy St.Paddys day!

Happy St. Patricks Day!! Pinch lol

St. Patricks Day Savings! TODAY ONLY - 10% off Storewide with Coupon CLOVER10! Share with all your friends! #sale

Happy St. Patrick's Day to you  your adorable red haired lassies! May the luck of the Irish be with you all year long.

Floodplain delineation using only Arc Hydro models - By Patrick Bergeron, postdoctoral fellow, INSPQ and Univeris

Happy St.Patrick's Day! Thank you to for this great, classic picture!

Do you have your green going on today? Send us a pic of your pet celebrating St Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day to the Irish and beyond. Fond memories of being King and Queen for a day in Ireland

Saint Patricks day is just a stupid reason to drink all day in America. We don't even think about the fact there actually was a St. Patrick

Looks like my St. Patrick's Day shall be spent traditionally. Alone in my room. #crymeariver #fuckdacommoncold

Happy St. Patrick's Day #Toronto! Visit us at Queens Quay LCBO #Vintages to keep warm w/ these Fine Irish #Whiskey

Happy St. Patricks Day to all them Irish people out there especially

Good morning! It's another Monday! Happy St. Patrick's Day, everyone!

Happy St.Patricks Day to all.Love  Regards.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! We're pouring $5 pints of #Guinness, #Bass and #Harp along with $5 shots of #Jameson,

Happy Saint Patrick's Day!!!! Now what wine to drink with my corned beef and cabbagehummm

Called this one Guinness thought it was appropriate for St.Patricks Day

Can't wait for the day where I celebrate St. Patricks day in Chicago!

Oh btw happy Holi and st. Patrick's.  :D

Who actually gives a shit about St. Patrick. People just like excuses to get hammered on Tuesday. #TurnUpTuesdays

Kansas Speedway: No pinching! HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY from Kansas Speedway!  #NASCAR

Happy St Patrick's Day! Apparently the average house price in Northern Ireland are expected to rise by 4% this

Happy St Patrick's day. Efigy in the Cathedral of Murcia, Spain, because he's patron of Ireland and also of our city!

And were off..Happy St Patricks Day. We are serving food until 5 today with live music from Beefy  Co from 7.

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!! May the road always rise to meet you!

I find it hilarious how foreign people celebrate St.Patricks day more than most Irish people do.

#haiku #senryu #micropoetry #poetweet #myku St. Patrick's Day --tempted to slip my bossa Mickey Finn

Me and your mom want to let you know you were all conceived on St Patricks Day 1972 in the flatbed of an El Ranchero

I might have forgotten that today was St. Patricks Day

Wishing everyone a safe and happy St. Patrick's Day! May your celebrations always include a designated driver.

The 2014 St. Patrick's Day Earthquake will not be forgotten. We are a strong people. WE WILL REBUILD!

Saint Patrick was Italian you fucking jerk offs

Our 6yo was VERY EXCITED about St. Patrick's Day. For their sake, I hope her classmates are wearing green. She's ready to pinch.

I'm All Irish, but I wish You A #Very Happy St. Patrick's Day!! Just Please say,NO MORE SNOW! Please!

Happy St Patricks day everybody! Lovely day to plant a few early spuds.

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all my followers, Duranies, Musers, H50 fans, NCIS fans and Stargate fans alike. :D

Have a mighty fine St. Patrick's day, everyone!

Greetings from Bangladesh! It's monsoon season. Kidding. Happy Saint Patrick's Day. #FLORIDA

Saint Patrick's day is like free reign for people to be absolutely absurd and have an excuse the next day #besafe #designateadriver

Stay home or Uber it! St. Patrick's Weekend DUI Crackdown Hits L.A.!!!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Celebrate with the Top 10 Irish Musicians:

AAM Weekly Market Wrap - Happy St. Patrick's Day!

You know it's st patricks day when you arrive home and the pogues are blaring

To me Pop on this St. Patrick's Day: If ever there was a man who had Irish music in his heart, it was you! While

Happy St Patricks Day to all people of #Irish descent  fuck for the piece of shit trash they wrote about #IrishAmerican's.

Why does everyone get so into St Patricks Day? #yourenotirish

Who's coming in today in green? Wear St. Patrick's Day colours to get a free drink with your meal! #StPatricksDay

They're supposed to be cleaning the carpet down stairs but they found out it was St. Patrick's day.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! We had our own Shamrock shake here in So California today!#Earthquakel

Happy St. Patrick's Day from a person who is actually 100% Irish, lol :)

Okay, she just started singing in Gaelic. Help. Happy St Patricks Day. #london2004 #ss2s

Ok I forgot today was St. Patricks thank God #savedbythepolo #pinkpolo and a F'n backpack  Lol

Although we are partial to purple, we are wishing you all a wonderful St. Patrick's Day.

Nothing like a little 'Shamrock Shake' to wake us up and get going on this St. Patrick's Day!!  Did you feel that

Happy St Patricks Day! We've got all kinds of green drinks for you today! First up: a classic green bottled drink

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Norman!#sdmissouririver #followtheriver #southdakota

Admittedly, some of us are getting pinched today! Happy St. Patrick's Day!

It's a go  St Patricks and Newbies Marketing Giveaways

But who was the one who said st Patricks is just a day for drinking ?? I bet more than half of u out there don't know the tru meaning

Having an agency potluck lunch to celebrate St. Patrick's Day. I hand-made/purchased Whole Foods guacaole. It's green. That works, right?

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Check out these smirky leprechaun cake pops by sweet cheeks tasty treats!

Wishing everyone a 'Mad' St. Patrick's Day!

happy st patrick Niall I love you!!!!!

Now i know for many St. Patrick's celebrations, beer is greatly involved. BUT did you know that BEER is GOOD for

#StPatricksDay The Green Heart of St. Patrick's Day:

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY EVERYONE. TURN IT UP TO 11 ;) !!!!!!!!

Fun fact: Did you know Van Morrison is from Ireland? Yep. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Glad you guys are ok! Happy St. Patrick's Day all the same

Here's to all those who be wearin' the green on this fine, sunny St. Patrick's Day!

I left my St. Patricks Day shirt in Lawrence and if anyone decides to pinch me today I'll hit them right in the throat

St Patricks day page favorited we r famous!!!!

Edenderry parade had it all. Child bride and groom with a Shetland pony. Happy St. Patrick's Day ya'll.

We would like to wish everyone a happy #StPatricksDay! Wear green and have an awesome day!

Hmmmm. Maybe it IS the end of the world. Guinness has withdrawn its support of the NYC St. Patrick's Day Parade.

How you celebrating St.Patrick's Day? #StPatricksDay #Guinness

St Patricks Day Parade Dublin - 17th March 2014

Happy St Patrick's day!!! To all!!! Drink Green!!! And b horny!!! Magic Monday!!!

I love Ireland, but New Haven on St. Patrick's Day looks like a war zone.

st patricks day is exciting to me bc drunk niall that's about it im not even irish

Pretty sure St Patricks day is the stupidest holiday if the year

St. Patrick's Day Special!!!$20 to try a Wrap or Facial today only! Let me bring it to you wherever you are :)

Mr Pentland Club wishes everybody a happy st. patrick's day!

Happy St. Patricks Day to people who are actually Irish. Everyone else happy Monday

Wishing everyone a safe and happy St. Patrick's Day! Top O' The Mornin' To Ya #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick'sDay! Have a good time:)

RT if you will be chugging some green beer today. Happy St Patricks dayyy

Happy St. Patricks Day from Bartini! Join us for a celebration, everyone is Irish today.

Listening to #U2 all day today in celebration of St. Patrick's Day!  cc:

Today is St. Patrick's Day. I wish (in this post) to bypass all the silliness, and the religious and/or political

just liked one of rachels pics from 18 weeks ago turn up for st patricks day

Day 76 inchie. Happy St Patricks Day. #bluetwigstudio #bts365days #inchiesandtwinchies #challenge #green

Happy #StPatricksDay! Check out these St. Patrick's Day items from Thingiverse!

The sisters of AEPhi wish you a happy St. Patrick's Day! Don't forget your #green!

HAPPY SANT PATRICK'S DAAY!! please follow meeee I love you Greg PLEASE SUNSHINE

St. Patricks day. I will never forget that day in New York two years ago. Stunning. Need to get back. Soon. #NYC #StPatricksDay

Guinness Drops Sponsorship of St. Patrick's Day Parade b/c LGBT can't openly identify themselves. Go

Made mom's Irish soda bread. Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!!

A St. Patrick's Day weekend visit to Disneyland Resort!

WHAT DO YOU CALL AN EARTHQUAKE ON ST PATRICKS DAYA SHAMROCK SHAKEno? ok. bye

Here we go! St. Patrick's Day Parade on online now!  ^SF

On my way to the ST PATRICK'S DAY PARADE!

not sure where my cheekbones came from, but research confirming a very-much Irish heritage. Happy St. Patrick's day! #green

Three years ago I spent St. Patrick's Day I don't think any other year will top that.

The delightful on St. Patrick O'Nomics  via

It's St. Patricks Day, so obviously I'm going to wear my green #MagicBand all day. #NextGen #Disney

Happy St Patrick's Day from everyone at XTC.

yeah man.  Looking great for saint Patrick's day

Happy St.Patrick's Day from all of us at JDBG!

My mother loves St. Patrick's day jokes. #ComicalGenius #Hilarious

How are you celebrating St. Patrick's Day? Is your office doing anything fun? Come down to Aura Bar  Lounge

No one at this school has any saint Patricks day spirit

Shitt everyone is Irish on Saint Patricks Day.. #turnup

I just heard a professor say that St. Patrick's Day celebrates St. Patrick's death. Way to kill my vibe.

Umass made the NCAA tourney last night and today is St. Patrick's Day..This is the greatest 24 hours Brian Long has ever experienced

Happy St. Patrick's Day from the GUIDE staff and our new social media mascot! #AlcoholFree

{Happy St Patricks day everybody!! Hope everyone had a fabulous weekend! I am booking shoots in the

Happy St. Patrick's Day, Greeks! How about celebrating w/ a nice green salad!

Let's just pretend I'm celebrating St. Patrick's Day. I have exams this week, soooooo I don't have time for that. #TechSchoolProblems

This is the Chicago River being dyed green for St Patrick's Day!!!!

St Patrick was also born in Kilpatrick, near Dumbarton in Scotland

I've never seen so much green, Happy St.Patrick's day everybody.

Happy St. Patrick's Day, Sugar Heads!!

Just saw an old man stumbling around greenwich, clearly enjoying st Patricks day, giant Guinness hat and everything!  #HappyStPatricksDay

17 days of St. Patrick's Day eats, day 17: ALL the green desserts!

from Newcastle to London is 276 miles but Newcastle to Belfast is only 174 miles, go green on St Patricks Day

happy saint patricks day everyonee! and when i mean everyone i just mean

Happy St Patricks Day! Make yourself a Shamrock Shake to celebrate

Happy St Patrick's Day!Make Plans to celebrate here with us today. We will have food and drink specials all

Happy St. Patrick's Day!! Our party continues tonight! 5-12am. NCAA brackets available for $5! Guinness $4 and

Best St Patrick's day of my life . 27 years ago!!!

Happy St. Patrick's Day - Sketchy Chevron Dress

May the luck of the Irish be ever in your fav The green cider must flo Aww, forget it. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy Saint Patricks Day! And to any already drunk friends reading this: haoot dAobt parciks say!

I forgot today was St. Patricks day, all my coworkers keep pinching me!

MediaPost Publications Aerva To Post Selfies On St. Patrick's Day 03/13/2014  #tech #stpatricks

Celebrate St. Patrick's Day w/ at from 11-1pm specials, food and more!

Did anybody drink any green beer this weekend?Here's a great list of technology and apps to help you celebrate St. Patrick's Day right.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! St. Patty's Day is known for its collection of delicious Irish-inspired recipes, and many

I bought all this cute St Patricks day stuff to wear to school and I'm not even there.

I know today is St. Patrick's day and NO!! I'm not wearing no green I've never seen an Irish men wear black during Black History month

Happy St. Patrick's Day! //t.co/zxQkzmD3HF

Happy St. Patrick's day! Don't forget to book us for your #horse related #photography needs before our calendar fills up!

The luck o the Irish is about to strike again! Happy St Patricks Day!. You guys :)

Saint Patricks day is kind of a dumb holiday. But then again I'm not Irish so whatevs

Sure St Patrick even drunk alcohol, research it. He even give an innkeeper a dressing down for not giving him much

#weekendeats Some of my fav photos of green food for St. Patrick's Day! (Tagged in Instagram)

Happy St. Patrick's Day! is giving away a GREEN luxury silicone vibrator!

The Suns out and it's St Patricks Day and I've been struck down with a bug a feel like Shite!Great, just friggin great!!

St. Patricks day is the closest the Irish will ever get to Christmas -Michael Scott

it's my least favorite st Patricks day tradition lol

Come join our #StPatricksDay celebration featuring live Irish music, bagpipers, step dancers and giveaways ALL DAY!

FACT: The very first St. Patrick's Day parade was not in Ireland. It was in Boston in 1737.

Great way to start off St Patrick's day huh?

Happy St. Patricks day patriots. With a little luck more of this nation will wake up and we will #ImpeachObama

Happy St Patrick's Day! Here are 5 #Irish inspired recipes to help you celebrate in style. #BeckBromFL

This is the least St. Patricksy my St. Patrick's day has ever been.

Being a Protestant, I wear orange on St. Patrick's Day.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Win your own pot o' hiring gold by visiting Accolo today!

Happy St Patrick's day from Belgian/French Directioner ,drink a lot of guiness and have fun Irish boy i love youuuuuu xx

St Patrick's Day seems like a good day to know I have Irish in my family somewhere down the line.

We're celebrating St. Patrick's Day with an All Greens! How are you celebrating today? #Holidays #Liquiteria #GreenJuice

Southwest Dental hopes you have a great St. Patrick's Day!

Can't wait until tonight. A little earthquake can't take away from excitement. Happy Saint Patrick's Day.

Happy St. Patrick's Day from the front office girls

Happy St. Patrick's Day. Soap made with #guinness beer #handmade soap. Great for your sensitive skin.

recently heard Muslims have given up on Africa cause Christians raise the dead there- happy St Patricks day (he raised many from the dead)

Get to Drakes for St Patricks Day and a clean pint!!

I don't know why st. Patrick's day is a holiday and I don't really care. I've more or less just accepted the fact that it exists.

Class from 4-10pm on St Patricks Day = miserable Sydney.

Happy St Patrick's Day from VPC!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!! Gotta watch The Boondocks Saints after class. #FackYea

Interesting Canadian #Trademark registration for ST. PATRICK in association with  wedding dresses, etc

Great few days celebrating the countdown to St Patrick's Day at

ST PATRICK'S DAY PICTURE SPECIAL: These 2 ladies at the St Patrick's Day 5k in Letterkenny deserve

Do people in Ireland celebrate St Patrick's day? Or is it only in America  UK where people go nuts? #bigblacktophatswithguinesson

Youths throwing glass bottles at in Cornmarket. Is this what St Patrick's Day is all about? #Belfast

St. Patricks day make up tutorial coming soon

St. Patricks day: The day that all white people magically become Irish.

Pray for revival and talk to your kids about the real St. Patrick

happy st patricks day to u to love u xx

The Sayerses of County Kerry wish you a Happy St Patrick's Day.

Thanks fo follows me :) Happy St. Patrick's day to you!!

Happy St Patrick's Day!  Southwest Fwy) [pic]:

Happy St. Patrick's Day! check out some fun facts.

Ahh good 'ole St. Patrick's day. The day where the color green changes from representing saving the world to polluting our major organs.

happy st patricks day niall may the luck of the irish be with you love you lots like jelly tots (hug) xxx

Alright its St. Patrick's day so where's the parties at? #wannagetturnt

I thought not. Nobody knows exactly what St Patrick's Day means. Ooh they celebrate it but can't say why.

St. Patrick's Day is a wonderful opportunity to thank your favorite public interest lawyer:

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! We hope you find your pot of gold!

Saint Patricks Day Parade 2014 route map

Happy St Patrick's Day Everyone!! Or, from Vienna Beef, Happy Corned Beef Day!!

Happy St. Patrick's Day from everyone at Spray Nine!

Kate Middleton Takes St. Patrick's Day Dressing Very Seriously! But Prince William Lets Us Down!

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! I hope your day is filled with love and joy!

Also Happy St Patricks Day all be safe tonight

Happy St. Patrick's Day!Call today to reserve for our St. Patrick's Day Week Long Special!407-587-5300

At a St Patrick's Day celebration.  It's hilarious.  By hilarious I mean it's a nightmare, except I'm not naked.

Happy St. Patrick's Da y and everyone :))))))

I SAW ANDY AND PATRICK AND ANDY DOING SOUNDCHECK AND IM NOT EVEN KIDDING WHEN I SAW ANDYS FACE I COLLAPSED

Aint It St. Patricks Day Tho

Really cute! Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St Patrick's Day!  Here's a cute pig to make your Monday morning's happy places!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Join at Casey's Irish Pub in downtown LA tonight from 7-10. He'll do it live.

My middle name is Patrick so you should kiss me

Happy Saint Patrick Day! Some  Guinness, Stout, and Whisky Combo? jajjajaaaa

To my friends and followers - my wish for you Please turn your sound up-make it full screen.Happy St. Patricks Day

please Harry take to seconds to follow me please please Love and happy St. Patricks day

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Top o' the morning to ye! Don't forget to wear your green!

Today all day! green margaritas $2.00 and green bud light .99 happy st Patrick day

As we celebrate the Feast of St. Patrick, we are excited to kick off the countdown to Notre Dame Day! Join us:  #NDday

Happy St. Patricks Day! Here's an atrium that will make you green with envy :)

not knowing what he is doing for St. Patrick's Day is the reason people microchip their pets !!

Happy St. Patrick's Day. You don't have to drink green beer to celebrate St. Patty's Day! Check out this great

I hate st Patrick's day and the Irish

Happy St.Patricks day!! To many pints of guiness!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! For each petal on the shamrock. This brings a wish your way Good health, good luck, and happiness!

Happy St. Patty's everyone! Vinho Verde is naturally 'green' wine, the perfect choice for a beautiful day like today :) #StPatricksDay

Happy St Patrick's Day!  Thanks!  That's my favorite song!  Well bar song anyway!

Los Angeles the video about earthquake during St Patricks Day -

I don't know Jane, what did St Patrick say when he was driving the snakes out of Ireland?

Happy St. Patrick's Day from your favorite girl in green!

St Patrick's Day recap: Relive the Dublin parade and see our other updates from today.

Happy St. Patrick's Day to our director all Irish fans  Supporters Clubs. Please drink responsibly. #KTFC

Happy St. Patrick's Day! We're all wearing green  having a potluck. Started off with James' chocolate covered BACON. Happy Monday :)

Happy St. Patrick's Day from your AWESOME Keystone crew!

Retweet and remember - don't EVER fart in a Smart Car! Happy St. Patrick's Day #StPatricksDay

I completely forgot that today is St. Patrick's day. Oooppps

Happy St Patrick's Day from the Keltic Cowboys! Whiskey Row Bar Crawl begins about 3pm, we'll take the stage at

kicks off budget presser wishing Happy St Patricks Day and thanking snow removal crews

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Here are 32 Irish pubs around the US where you can celebrate:

According to noted theologian Megyn Kelly, it's on Christmas. RT  So when is White Patrick's Day, anyway?

Malaysian plane still missing, Crimea just voted to join Russia, earthquake shakes Southern California.  Happy St. Patricks Day.

I choose to celebrate Saint Patricks day traditionally,  by reading some James Joyce and putting a shotgun in my mouth

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Find out what's going on at your Chamber this week!

For St. Patrick's Day, this wk's #MysteryMonday animal is a real gem! Take your guess. We'll post the full pic Tues:

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  We are loving all things green for Spring  #StPatricksDay #StPaddysDay  #green

Happy St. Patrick's Day from YQQ!

Brittany and her dachshund buddy, Bella, are getting in the St. Patrick's Day spirit!

Happy St. Patrick's Day from your South Texas Mustang

Happy St Patricks day! Oh I do love the Irish:)

Just seen the cutest little girl in the cutest little St. Patrick's Day dress

Here's a little known fact of St. Patrick, he was Italian, so it makes sense to celebrate along with our Irish

Happy St. Patrick's Day, Cake Lovers!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! #Retweet2spread the cheer!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! How will you be going green today?

Share if you're wearing GREEN today! Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone - have a fun and safe day!

Happy St Patricks Day!Hangout with some Irish dancers and bag pipers while enjoying green beer and car bombs all

Oh it's drink burned coffee, wear silly hats and pretend folk music is good daymeh I can never get into St Patrick's day

Happy St. Patrick's Day to Everyone! Enjoy and be happy

St. Patrick didn't die on the cross for nothing. Celebrate his life accordingly. With liquor.

Happy St. Patrick's Day from all of us at Pike  Lustig, LLP-Turnpike Law!

Happy San Patricks day ! don't get too drunk tonight ;)

happy st patricks day woohoo

Whiskey Spice Custard Pie Saint Patrick's Day Recipe! #stpatricksday #recipe

Getting into the St. Patrick's Day spirit on our page! ttp://www.pinterest.com/winterberrygrdn/happy-st-patricks-day/

How would the real Saint Patrick feel about this

I've got so many emails to answer but first off I need my St. Patrick's Day beer!

Some people are going a little to overboard with this whole St. Patrick's Day thing

Happy St. Patricks day everyone and happy birthday to my brother!!!!!Happy lifting everyone!!!

Praying for Niall's liver this St. Patrick's Day. You can do it, boo

It's St. Patrick's Day. Did you remember to wear green?  #notd #mani #nail #bbloggers

I don't wear green on St. Patrick's Day cause it's the color of the Celtics #ew

In honour of St. Pats check out theses Guinness recipes.

Have a fun and safe St. Patrick's Day! - Penney Auto Body #Stpatricksday -

Stuck in Uni on St Patricks Day. Just gone 4 and haven't had a Guinness yet #badtimes

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! Wishing you all luck and love!

Are my peepers GREEN enough for ya?! Happy St. Patrick's Day, my fellow Tweeters! #GoodLuck #WishBig

I'm so glad st Patrick's day happened on a day where I don't have to interact with people.  #iownnothinggreen

The Gotham Gremlins are in the St. Patrick's Day spirit! We've got a big box of goodies to give away and 2 pints

If you're celebrating St. Patrick then please know who he was and all that he accomplished

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Hope everyone is wearing green, and eating corned beef and cabbage today! #celebrate

The administration  staff wish you a Happy St. Patrick's Day!

St. Patrick's Day, the one day a year you can get away with selling moldy bagels

St.patricks day I'm still picking my green leaf

Happy St.Patricks Day  :3 I love Ireland

Hi Araceli - There are some St. Patrick's Day menu items like Corned Beef  Cabbage at Flo's V8 Cafe!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! #getlucky Photo by kristinasaur

Happy St. Patrick's day! Pinch me and I'll punch you.

Celebrating at the St. Patrick parade in downtown Baltimore!

Top of the morning to you.. oh wait I meant I would rather be on top of you this morning! Happy St. Patricks day sexy!

Las Vegas welcome sign goes green for St. Patrick's Day: Las Vegas is joining with Irish friends and turning t

Out to this saint Patrick's day parade fuck school

Saint Patrick's Day and the day I fill out my bracket? Expect the stupidest picks of all time.

Happy Saint Patrick's Day to all my Family and Friends!! Have a Good Day and Be Safe!!

Happy St. Patricks Day, everyone! Of course I'm going to show you a green theme home decor.via tumblr

Saint Patrick's Day is actually so irrelevant

despite the tan, i am irish as balls everyone. happy st. patrick's day #ErinGoBragh

#StPatsDayBirthdays3x champ (33) rookie Patrick Cantlay (22)former members David Eger (62), Brad Elder (39)

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! Yogo Factory Lacey is open and ready to start the day!If you need an excuse

Fun fact about Cleveland's St. Patrick's Day Parade:  Enjoy your day and stay safe! #CLEStPats #CLE via

I'm 1/4 Irishand fuck y'all. joking happy st Patricks day and yeah. enjoy it. #HappyStPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day to the best Irish family in the world. :) #friendliestfriend

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Looking forward to a delicious celebration today at Aura  The Bar!

HALLOWEEN III could be a St. Patrick's Day movie too, right?

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! Great video on this Irish tradition.

St. Patrick was a reality TV star, right? That's why our current young culture cares about this day, right? xXx

The St. in St. Patrick's Day is apparently short for Slutty.

I wasn't going to wear makeup today to work.. But since it's St. Patricks day I guess I will throw on some makeup..

So I'm guessing today is St. Patrick's day

@highlight

Don't miss St Patrick's Day celebrations in Trafalgar Square and across London tomorrow.

@highlight

you must wear green participate in St. Patrick's Day Parade.

@highlight

El Cajon streets run green for St. Patrick's Day Half Marathon.

@highlight

Guinness has cancelled its sponsorship of the New York City St Patrick's Day parade today

@highlight

Heineken also withdraws from NYC St Patrick's sponsorship in support of gay rights.

@highlight

Spectators To Line Fifth Avenue For NYC's St. Patrick's Day Parade Amid Tension.