UPDATE: Explosion at Brussels metro station close to EU institutions: Belgian broadcaster RTBF. More -

BREAKING: Several dead at Brussels Airport: Belgian public broadcaster RTBF. More updates -

Belgian media say an explosion has occurred at a metro station in #Brussels near the European Union headquarters

Central station in Brussels also evacuated.  Attack on Metro station and main airport.:

Breaking News: Belgian media say several injured people in Brussels airport departure hall. Rail traffic to airport suspended.

#BREAKING: Explosion reportedly heard at #Brussels metro station close to EU institutions:

PHOTO: Damage inside #Brussels airport main terminal after two large explosions -

To keep it short: #Brussels getting a taste of Afzal Guru-wali Aazadi.

Update: At least 11 dead, 20 injured at #Brussels airport explosion

Images have emerged following two loud explosions heard at  Brussels airport

Explosions rock Brussels international airport; at least 1 dead  #LosAngelesTimes #latimes #news

Follow our continuing coverage after #Brussels explosions Latest pictures from airport:

PHOTO: #Brussels airport after two bombs go off -

There are reports of two explosions at the airport in Brussels, Belgium, according to CNN affiliate VTM.

These are the scenes from inside Brussels Airport following two explosions

Explosions hit Brussels airport, 1 #killed - Mar 22 AM ET

Seems shots were fired at security ahead of explosions in Brussels Airport

Reports are coming in of another explosion at a metro station in Brussels.

WATCH LIVE from Brussels Airport

ABC News - The Latest: At Least 1 Death Reported at Brussels Airport

Images coming from the explosion site #Brussels

Today is going to be a very sad day. My thoughts go out to the people of Brussels

now look at what is happening at Brussels airport. 2 + 2 = Jihadist

Photo reportedly from outside Metro station where third explosion has taken place in Brussels.

#If David do somethinh wrongThey said that david is badNot his religionIf Amjab did something wrongThey blame Islam for it #Brussels

RT: :UPDATE: Explosion at Brussels metro station close to EU institutions: Belgian broadcaster RTBF. More -

More Explosive Devices Reportedly Found in Brussels Airport / Sputnik International

Army has been mobilized to airport and across city in Brussels.

#BREAKING #Belgium raised terror threat to highest level following #Brussels airport attack

Another explosion heard in metro station near EU building  #Brussels

Explosion at Brussels metro station close to European Union institutions - RTBF via Reuters

LATEST: Shots reportedly fired before fatal explosions rock Brussels airport

Reports 11 dead and several injured after explosions at Brussels Airport. Latest coming up

BREAKING Two explosions at #Brussels airport just before 8 AM

Reports shots fired and Arabic shouted before the explosions were heard. #Brussels #Zaventem

IMAGE: Flights being diverted away from Brussels airport

Mollenbeck,Brussels is known as Jihadi Capital of Europe. 11 dead now.

BREAKING: Reports say there's been another explosion at a metro centre in #Brussels.

#BREAKING: Brussels Airport evacuated after two explosions. More to come. #sun7

'It was chaos, it was unbelievable' witness describes moment he heard two explosions at Brussels airport

Our thoughts are with the people affected by the tragedy in Brussels.

RT: :Breaking: Two explosions forced the evacuation of the Brussels Airport around 8 a.m. today

Thoughts and prayers to those who have died and their families, and those who are injured during the attacks in Brussels.

#BREAKING: Unconfirmed reports of an explosion at Maelbeek metro station in #Brussels, close to the city's EU institutions

Hospital source saying up to 10 dead, 30 wounded after #Brussels explosions, says Belgian broadcaster RTBF: Reuters

#BREAKING: Brussels transport authority says all metro stations in Brussels are now closing:

timesofindia: #BREAKING | After twin explosions at airport, blast at #Brussels metro station reported

Shocking news from #Brussels two explosions at airport third at a Metro Station.Best to follow

'Up to 10 dead, 30 wounded' after Brussels airport blasts  ^ITV

Seem like attacks in both Brussels International airport and metro station near UN facilities. Also reports of FAKE CCTV footage beware.

Deadly Explosions Hit Brussels Airport

BREAKING: Up to 10 dead, 30 wounded in Brussels blasts: Belgian media citing medic

BREAKING: Brussels closes subway after explosion reported at #Maalbeek station

All flights in  out of Brussels airport have been cancelled.

I hope everyone in Brussels is safe at the moment.

At least one person killed, several wounded after explosions at Brussels airport | Fox News -

Live: Brussels airport rocked by two explosions  via

Making all efforts to confirm status of staff, guests. Preliminary info says the Jet Airways aircraft in #Brussels safe: Jet Airways (ANI)

Simultaneous attacks in #brussels targeting the airport and train station. #Explosion #Belgium

3rd blast is at 50m away from Europe union Parliament in #Brussels ,

I hate to say I told you so but fuck you #refugeeswelcome people, you are responsible for #Brussels

Update | European airline, travel stocks fall sharply after #Brussels blasts

Explosions hit Brussels airport, 1 dead and several injured: reports

Condolences to all the victims and their families in Brussels, shocking news coming from there #Brussels

Turkish Airlines plane diverted to Liege after #Brussels explosion  via #UFO4UBlogEurope #Belgium

One dead, several injured after blasts at Brussels airport - Belga

Two big blasts rock Brussels airport, 1 dead, several injured: Media reports: BRUSSELS: Explosions tore   (ECT)

'Several dead' in multiple Brussels explosions - latest updates:

Deadly explosions rock Brussels Airport: At least 3 reportedly killed in blasts inside main terminal bui  (cbs)

Explosion at #Brussels metro station close to #EU institutions: Belgian broadcaster RTBF - reuters

UPDATE: At least 1 death reported at Brussels airport following blasts

Explosion at #Brussels metro station close to European Union institutions after twin blasts at airport

via Explosions hit Brussels airport, one killed: Belgian media  #UFO4UBlogEurope

via Turkish Airlines plane diverted to Liege after Brussels explosion  #UFO4UBlogEurope

Explosion has gone off at a Metro station near the EU buildings!! Brussels

Washington Post - Two explosions detonated at Brussels airport

Washington Post - Explosions reported at Brussels airport

Washington Post - Media: Explosions heard, smoke seen at Brussels international airport

Sending peace all the way to Brussels. The world is shocked by what happened Enough with this madness already #FightTerrorism

My cousin has just emailed from Brussels and says at least 11 dead. Terrible.

#BBC Casualties in Brussels airport blasts: Two blasts rock Brussels international airport, causing an   #World

I'm just glad he's not in Brussels. Phew!

Pakistan News 11 dead in Brussels airport blasts: media

Several dead at Brussels airport terror attacks.#Brussels #brusselsairport #RIP

#Brussels airport blast update: Official says all flights canceled and flights being diverted

All metro stations are closed in Brussels

Explosions heard at Brussels airport: Belgian media  ^France24

Second blast spotted at #Brussels subway close to EU buildings, all subway stations ordered to close. #brusselslockdown

My thoughts and prayers are with those in Brussels today. When will this madness end?

I am shocked and concerned by the events in Brussels. We will do everything we can to help.

Passengers outside a Metro station following third explosion in Brussels today

MORE: Airport now on lockdown, train service to the airport has been suspended #Brussels #Belgium

Additional blasts in Brussels.All public transport halted.

Sky News: Belgian media reporting shouts, shots fired before explosions at Brussels airport -

BREAKING: Photo from inside #Brussels airport

#Brussels #Zaventem airport blast:- Report of explosion at metro station- Two explosions at Zaventem terminal- 1 dead and several injured

Sincerest condolences to the citizens and the Government of Belgium  #Zaventem #Brussels

At least one dead in Brussels airport explosions  #NLU

[ #Luiis_3x ] Explosions At Zaventem Airport In Brussels Leave Several Injured: At least one per  [ #Luiis_3x ]

UPDATE: Explosions reportedly heard at Brussels train station

@highlight

Second blast spotted at Brussels subway close to EU buildings, all subway stations ordered to close.

@highlight

Brussels airport main terminal after two large explosions. At least 11 people dead, 30 injured.