Don't miss St Patrick's Day celebrations in Trafalgar Square and across London tomorrow.

you must wear green participate in St. Patrick's Day Parade.

El Cajon streets run green for St. Patrick's Day Half Marathon.

Guinness has cancelled its sponsorship of the New York City St Patrick's Day parade today

Heineken also withdraws from NYC St Patrick's sponsorship in support of gay rights.

Spectators To Line Fifth Avenue For NYC's St. Patrick's Day Parade Amid Tension.

Oops, forgot it was even St. Patrick's day hahaha

Don't be knockin me green hat! St. Patrick's Day Party Hat Mini top hatby ThePurlandGarter  via

Every year my mother made me listen to that unicorn song on St. Patrick's Day and every year I sobbed and called Noah and asshole. *cries*

Tried doing the Riverdance last St Patrick's day. Almost drowned.

Why do leprechauns giggle when they play soccer? Cause the grass tickles their balls. Happy St.Patricks Day!

Anyone drinking The Green Beer for The St. Patricks Day?

Happy St. Patrick's day. May the road rise to meet you, the beers be plentiful, and the putts roll easy

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Make sure you wear some green! Don't wanna get pinched ;)

It's time! My St. Patrick's Day shirt is the best in the land!

Check out pictures from our St. Patrick's Day kick off party!

If you ain't drinking on Saint Patricks day You're probably me

True fact: St. Patrick is also a patron of Nigeria

haha That was Happy St. Patrick's Day and the Blessings of St. Patrick on you as Gaeilge (in Irish).

It's the perfect day to enjoy some of this Dubliner Irish Stout Cheddar! (Happy St. Patrick's Day)

Good night, world! St. Patrick's Day is over in the land of rising sun! Enjoy the parade and GO GREEN!!

#Happy St. Patrick's Day -- Happy St. CATrick's Day!  via

ST PATRICK'S DAY 35K MEGA SHAMROCK PACKS! ENJOY BOIS!

Beautiful view of Chicago River for St. Patricks Day!

Thanks again for featuring #Dawnflight on your blog, and Happy St Patrick's Day! :)

Make sure you vote for #FineFarrell in our St. Patrick's Day poll

Thought no one did St Patrick pinching outside grade school but I just had to fend off a random dude in Starbucks by showing my green nails

I'm Irish. Also geek. I'm Geek Irish I guess. My wardrobe for the day. #stpatricksday

Happy St. Patrick's Day! You have a chance to win a Blu-ray/DVD copy of #Shrek the Musical in today's #DWAGiveaway!

Trend Alert: 'Happy St Patricks'. More trends at  #trndnl

Right. I meant I don't care about celebrating St patricks day

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Here are some Irish bars around the world in which to celebrate  #lp #travel #StPatricksDay

Tory MP: Nigel Evans allegation 'a misunderstanding': Former Tory chief whip Patrick McLoughlin tells a jury t

St. Patrick wasn't Irish and I don't drink alcohol so why should I care again?

One handsome kitty. Happy St. Patrick's Day to all.

Fuckknows who st patrick is and what he got against me but his packs on fifa were fucking horrific

Been dead embarrassed cause I'm slurping wine on train to this gig then realised it's st. patrick's day I CAN DRINK ALL I LIKE so legit

The Left's St. Patrick's Day Beer-cott

Thanks for listening, Robert! Have a great St. Patrick's Day!

hey Goldilocks! Happy St Patrick's Day! =)

Happy st Patricks day mother fuckers!!! Drink have fun be merry!!! Hahha #turndownforwhat

Erin Go Brrrr! Snow for Some on St. Patrick's Day - Spring, mercifully, is scheduled for Thursday.The nation's cap

Can you name this classic? Hint: it features a famous spy! Happy St. Patrick's Day!

See the trick to making these simple festive St. Patrick's Day cupcakes:

KFVS-TV: Did you see Laura Wibbenmeyer and Crystal Britt sporting their St. Patrick's Day

Where you stay at blood .? It's St. Patricks day, it's yo lucky day. Ima beat yo ass.

Photographers capture St. Patrick's Day parades, green illuminations, and holiday merriment worldwide  #StPatricksDay

As Irish as I am, and as much as I like to drink, I have never once been able to celebrate St. Patrick's Day.

My friends and I used to kick off St. Patrick's Day at 10am, starting with a case of Mickey's Big Mouths because it had a shamrock on label.

w/ wishing Patricia's Mom a happy st Patrick'sDay  happy birthday !

It might be a Monday, but it's St. Patrick's Day! You officially have the right to party all day long! PADDY HARD:

Happy St Patricks Day  POTATO!

GM Barb Happy Saint Patrick's Day

You're the next Lady Gaga. What a sweet tale of dongs and St. Patrick's Day debauchery.

Nation Celebrates St. Patrick's Day: America spends the weekend celebrating St. Patrick's Day despite cold wea

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Become the next green leader of NYC  join the Fellowship and Conservation Corps.

crazy animated gif: guys look terrified: St. Patrick's Day earthquake on live KTLA broadcast

This GIFset of Dylan Moran listening to the Dropkick Murphys is all I wanted for St. Patrick's Day this year

Live with passion!!! #bandlife oh and happy saint Patricks day!!!

The St Patrick's Day festivities marching up Fifth Avenue past Central Park in #NYC Pic via

Happy St Patricks Day from Seattle. It's not raining :)

oh its st.patricks day,im irish so bow down to me and kiss my feet

Happy St Patricks Day! No, I'm not wearing green. Attempt to pinch me and I will go Game of Thrones on your ass.

There is something about St. Patrick's Day that seems to lead me to having better perspective and sense of self. Also, inflated self-esteem.

i need to hit up chicago for a st. patrick's day weekend one of these years.

We suggest coffee w/ Baileys! Turn that day around!

Who wants to do something for St, Patrick's Day?

Happy St. Patrick's Day. Don't smoke to much green.

why does the script fandom think bc its st patricks day its a fucking day where we should celebrate the script ??? just bc they're irish ???

' Happy St. Patrick's Day  Happy St Patrick's day fams

My AWESOME Friends I will be Doing a LIVE St. Patrick's Day Broadcast on #younow  I will post the TIME  ROOM a little later! See you there

Oh it's fine.  Not your fault ~ stupid hackers! Not to worry :) Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day from The Fans Podcast. Don't drink too much green beer. #WWE #StPatricksDay

mashable: Don Draper has a few tips on staying classy on St. Patrick's Day

I have developed this affinity with Patrick Stump. He's beautiful. The guy's a genius. I love him.

I get the point of green St. Patrick's Day jerseys, but red and green is a different holiday

Tis the day of the green!  Happy St Patrick's Day!

ST. PATRICK'S SLAY: unattended teen drowns in green beer vat, comes back to kill all revelers every March 17th.

#HappyStPatricksDay! Here's a watercolor by James Duncan depicting the St. Patrick's day parade in Montreal in 1825

Have a wonderful, safe and amazing  Saint Patrick's Day!

If I have to work on St Patrick's Day, we should be able to listen to the Dropkick Murphy's Pandora station all day long.

#stpats My cat is called Ulysses Patrick Flynn O'Flathertie Wilde, Paddy-Uly for short.

Garden Tip of the Day: #StPatricksDay is traditional day to plant peas - soak peas 2-3 days to start germination

What do you mean? St Patrick's Day is today and I don't want to fight. *drinks more Irish beer*

Happy St. Patrick's Day from nickii_bbyy  I

happy St. Patrick Day Marvin x #

St Patricks day is just a holiday for Catholics to get blasted. And everybody else.

St Patricks day aint no fukkin holiday to be celebrating

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Here is a version of the O'Connor Coat of Arms. This would make a great cover for my new

Happy St Patrick's DayWe better go, they will be here for hours..#MilitaryMonday

Happy St. Patrick's Day, may special luck and joy be with you today!

Kindergarteners Bike for Saint Patrick's Day  #centralcoast

Happy St Patrick's day! - Drinking a Suffolk Porter by -  #photo

Well, can we agree on some drinks for St.Patricks Day? ;) ~ A//t.co/3dsltYmYHL

Guess who gets a new phone for their birthday! This girl! I always seem to get a phone on St. Patrick's day. Not that I mind!

Happy St. Patrick's Day to my Irish husbanddaughter! This Polish-Hungarian loves you both so much!

Washington Capitals recall D Patrick Wey from Hershey Bears - The Patriot-News  #washington

I bet they are partying  celebrating St Patrick's Day. Enjoy!

Happy St Patrick's Day! Dive into Ireland's food  culture via

I'm confused. What exactly does a Shamrock Shake have to do with St Patrick conventing Irish pagans of Christianity #HappyStPatricksDay

Ok, quick q to all of you- does anyone (esp in #edchatie) celebrate St Patrick's Day w rainbows and leprechauns?  #kinderchat

She wearing green honoring St. Patrick. Nice!

Happy St. Patrick's day!!!  Sam lost another tooth :)

On St Patrick's Day remember that 1 million Irish starved to death during potato famine whilst the world looked on.Now let's all get drunk!

enter St. Patrick's Day Sweeps for my chance 2 win a trip 4 2 to Dublin, Ireland!  #MagnersStPatricksDay

IS2G IF NIALL DOESNT POST AT LEAST ONE ST PATRICKS DAY SELFIE IM SUEING bYE

@highlight

you must wear green participate in St. Patrick's Day Parade.

@highlight

El Cajon streets run green for St. Patrick's Day Half Marathon.

@highlight

Guinness has cancelled its sponsorship of the New York City St Patrick's Day parade today

@highlight

Heineken also withdraws from NYC St Patrick's sponsorship in support of gay rights.

@highlight

Spectators To Line Fifth Avenue For NYC's St. Patrick's Day Parade Amid Tension.