Don't miss St Patrick's Day celebrations in Trafalgar Square and across London tomorrow.

you must wear green participate in St. Patrick's Day Parade.

El Cajon streets run green for St. Patrick's Day Half Marathon.

Where to find a St. Patrick's Day brunch in #Boston tomorrow!

Looks like we're having a Snowy St. Patrick's Day here in DC

Who's ready for St. Patrick's Day tomorrow?

Boston mayor pulls out of St Patrick's Day parade as LGBT talks fail     St Patrick anti gay?

I'm not Irish, but as I am in Dublin HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!!! :D

[Breaking] Guinness beer withdraws sponsorship of New York City's St. Patrick's day parade over anti-LGBT poli

Night Ange, Goodluck  safe journey Happy St. Patrick's Day!!! Hope all goes well Hun xxx

I REALLY WANT TO STAY AFTER MONUMENTOUR BUT I BET MY MOM WONT LET ME AND WHAT IF PATRICK COMES OUT AND I MISS HIM BECAUSE OF THAT AAGGHH

GUESS WHO'S GOING TO BED HORNY BC PATRICK'S GROWL  THE HIP THING  HIS DEEP VOICE. YUP ME

#us Guinness pulls out of NY's St. Patrick's parade over ban on gays: By Elizabeth Barber BOSTON (Reuters) - I

ok so my sister has a cold and she says that her special medicine is patrick stump

my mom thought spongebobs snail's name was squidward and her second guess was patrick I QUIT

how sad, although I thought Patrick was Briton?

I was kinda expecting Patrick stump and then I saw Patrick star and then decided to send u Patrick stump

MT  HomoMafia forces Guinness out of St. Patrick's Day parade:

This is the only way I celebrate St. Patrick's Day!

Beth is now four years older than Patrick. In two years, he will be two-thirds her age. Two years ago he was h

patrick dempsey is the patron saint of ireland

St. Patrick's Day celebrates HATE.  Good day to get drunk.  #religiousfreedom #pagans #IrishCatholic

Stewart P4 in the Food City 500. Patrick P18. Kurt Busch P35. Harvick P39. Carl Edwards wins. More details to come later.

'Mr. Peabody' Beats 'Need for Speed' to Top Box Office During St. Patrick's Day Weekend: 'Mr. Pe  Ace Show Biz

Neil Patrick Harris took his shirt off last night #IamNotSaying #IamJustSaying

Oh yeah.St Patrick's Day tomorrow

#TheMentalist  for next week looks great! Would like to see Patrick Jane turned loose on some Senators and Wall Street types!

Incredibly pleased with the actions of Guiness, Sam Adams, and Heineken, all withdrawing from various St. Patricks parades because of +

9 dogs  cats that partied too hard on Saint Patrick's Day:  via

Too good not to  Marine's are lean, mean, and Green! Happy  St. Patrick's Day!

for drivers ed today i drove downtown and there was like a festival for st patricks day going on so that was fun

why is there a clover next to tumblr is it st patrick's day or smth

Did you know the first All Blacks captain was an Irishman? Here are 10 Irish influences on NZ for St Patrick's Day:

I'm trying to squeeze a happy holi/happy st. patrick's day in one tweet

Steak and Stout with Potatoes for St. Patrick's Day | Noshing With The Nolands

[Sport] Danica Patrick hit Clint Bowyer on pit road exiting her pit stall  [Yahoo Sports]

I didn't even know tomorrow was St. Patrick's day wat

the snakes st. patrick drove out of ireland were really just pagans/non-christians so like uhhh

Here's another great St. Patrick's Day song

good morning Mary, have a great St Patricks day,  hugs xx

Boston and New York City's St. Patrick's Day Parades Are Mayor-Less:  People watch the annual St. Patr  taw #US

Today I will mostly be unfollowing all those who post the worst St. Patrick's day jokes. Do your worst.Make that any.

#Purim and St. Patrick's Day collide (tipsily) this year - National #Israel #News | Haaretz

And that St Patrick bloke can fuck off as well..

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!I have to pee.

lost his virginity on St. Patricks Day don't forget that beautiful fact about his life

i didnt remember st patricks day was todayhow did i forget

#Thanks to all our readers for their lovely St Patrick's Day tweets to the independent.ie team - we appreciate it! Enjoy yourselves!

Happy St Patricks Day to everyone pretending to have some tenuous Irish connection today.

I wonder if St Patrick had a fridge.

Going with the theme .. Happy St Patrick's Day

Happy St Patricks day Irish peoples #kissmeyoureirish

I hope you all have a shite St Patricks Day.

Me: *freaks out bc st. patricks day and I'm not wearing green*Me: *looks down at self*Me: *realises school uniform is green*

IF UR ALL AT SCHOOL HOW ARE U SUPPOSED TO GO TO THE ST PATRICKS PARADES

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all my Irish friend's and followers.

It's St Patrick's day, it's allowed :)

Happy St. Patrick's day everyone, even though most of you are asleep.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! What's your favorite Irish inspired street or city in North Texas?

wait what its saint patricks day

Guinness withdraw's their sponsorship of the Saint Patrick's day parade - CNN report here:

Guinness has cancelled its sponsorship of the New York City St Patrick's Day parade today:

Heineken also withdraws from NYC St Patrick's sponsorship in support of gay rights. is still a sponsor.

FASCINATING AIDA - Cheap Flights:  via Happy St Patrick's Day!!

what about the Irish living all over the world? Did you know America has one of the biggest st Patrick's day parade?

Australia Day and st Patrick's day is alot more fun There is the truth.

O happy st Patricks day to all the Irish folk out there

Mickey and Minnie Mouse wish you all a Happy St. Patrick's Day from Disneyland Paris

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Starting the day at for some Irish breakfast and maybe a pint or two!

Happy St Patricks Day love you guys. 3

Have a great birthday Patrick xo

literally gob bless st patricks day

Happy St Patrick's Day.Morrissey style! :)#mozarmy

and me, and and  i blame the strangeness of the dream on the full moon, st. patricks

i don't know about you but i'm waiting for niall to tweet about st. patrick's day

Good morning world.  Happy St. Patricks Day.

I'm not Irish but happy saint Patricks day!!!!!!!

Don't forget to gather the kiddies around the tv today to watch that great St. Patrick's Day movie, Leprechaun in the Hood.

everyone at my school is gonna go all out for st Patricks day then there's just me lmao

GM all my #sexybunch  Have a great day. #StPatricksDay to you all

Niece  nephew went to school in D'patrick  no one was allowed to wear school uniform near it in case they were attacked

We did it a day early just to lay down a marker! Happy #StPatricksDay  via #LoveBelfast

Contrary to popular belief, I like greenHappy Saint Patrick's Day!#HappyStPatricksDay

bars closed on st. patricks day? I don't think so!

Now if only god had created St Patrick instead of Adam, he could have driven out the snake before it had a quiet chat with eve!

Happy St Patricks Day to you Cathy #BatB

Guinness for lunch is tradition on St. Patrick's day, right? It's like I have no choice, right?

Happy Saint Patrick's Day - Be Safe and Have Fun #StPatricksDay #irishpride

She Puts Back on Her St. Patrick's Day Pantyhose After You  #PANTYHOSE/STOCKINGS via

i can't go out and drink so why would i give a fuck about st. patricks day

Happy St. Patricks Day!I'm not wearing green!! If you pinch me I will hit you!  :-)

HAPPY ST.PATRICKS DAY I HOPE U ALL FIND CONCERT TICKETS AND UR FAVORITE BOYBAND MEMBERS DICK AT THE END OF THE RAINBOW

Thanks SIDDY! I'll post some St Patricks Day pics of the dogs when i get off work! Give the pups a treat fr me! :)

Happy St Patrick's Day Theo! :D#DeniseTheoTo1M

What is st. Patrick's day all about btw?! ..tell me??!!!!!!

Happy st Patricks day everyone, especially all my fellow Irish out there! Many pints of guiness will be had today I can Imagine

i don't even what it is but happy st.patricks day

How will you be spending St. Patricks day Niall? x

Happy St Patrick's Day! Who's your favourite Irish actor/actress?

Great news for lovers of the green: Irish whiskey sales are up by 17.5%. Here's one to try for St. Patrick's Day:

St Patricks day is not for black people

#News: Tunisia's main secular party open to Islamist coalition: By Patrick Markey and Tarek Amara TUNIS (R  #TU

St Patrick's day is way better if you're over 18

@highlight

Don't miss St Patrick's Day celebrations in Trafalgar Square and across London tomorrow.

@highlight

you must wear green participate in St. Patrick's Day Parade.

@highlight

El Cajon streets run green for St. Patrick's Day Half Marathon.

@highlight

Guinness has cancelled its sponsorship of the New York City St Patrick's Day parade today

@highlight

Heineken also withdraws from NYC St Patrick's sponsorship in support of gay rights.