Got another day in Paris lucky me so tired though

#BREAKING: Several people killed, at least 7 injured in #shooting in Paris restaurant: France's BFMTV

Wow reports of a mass shooting in Paris. Gunman opened fire in a restaurant. Several reported dead.

Shootings explosion reported in eastern Paris

#TwitchyTeam Report: Injuries, fatalities following Paris shooting, explosion; Purported eyewitness tweets: Pl

Saddened to hear of the shootings in Paris. Thoughts are with those involved

18 people my heart goes out to them. stay safe everyone in paris

Terrible acts of violence in Paris tonight#PrayforParis xx

oh hope :(  I wish you is safe trip and that Paris is safe in general

oh I didn't know u were in Paris!! Scary!!

French police report shootout and explosion in Paris  18 dead.

Please don't tell me a few Amish have snuk into Paris on illegal visas.

AT LEAST 26 DEAD IN ATTACKS IN PARIS AND 60 HOSTAGES REPORTED TAKEN AT CONCE//t.co/CLVCt4qMNI

BREAKING At Least 18 Killed In Multiple Paris Shootings  #p2

The jihadis did this in Mumbai, in Nairobi, now in Paris.They will try to do it here.We will never disarm.#2A

Paris Attacks: Hostages reportedly taken at Eagles of Death Metal concert

Thoughts go out to those in Paris. The world can be a horrible place at times. #PrayForParis

DEVELOPING: Two police officials say that at least 26 people have been killed in shootings, explosions around Paris

NIGHT OF TERROR: VIDEO From Paris Right After Restaurant Attack:  via

#paris #extra #news At least 30 dead in Paris shootings - French media - SBS: SBSAt least 30  #parijs #breaking

Retweeted NBC Nightly News JUST IN: Pres. Obama has been briefed on security situation in Paris -

God awful what's happening in Paris. so sick of shootings and terrorist attacks becoming a regular thing, #PrayForParis

#BreakingNews French police: death toll rises to 60 after Paris attacks

French media saying another shooting has been reported in Paris, at Les Halles shopping mall

I know I keep going on about Paris but it's just so heart breaking

France Stadium a few minutes ago #shooting #Paris #ParisAttacks

R The White House has been briefed on the situation in Paris

of course it's a possibility, but please don't ASSUME the horrors unfolding in paris right now are due to islamic extremists, christ sake.

Rightly or wrongly, forget about #Europe opening to #MiddleEast/#NorthAfrica #refugees/#migrants. #ParisAttacks #Paris

I'm confused how a shooting in Paris is somehow comparable to a protest for equality. America has me confused

Twitter pics show bodies in the In Paris. Via

News: VIDEO: Footage shows Paris attack scenes: At least 18 people have been killed in severa  via

President Obama addresses situation in Paris. Pledges America's support and assistance to France.

I've got an old colleague lives/works in Paris. Keeping everything crossed that she's ok. This is fucking horrible.

plz spread/RT #PorteOuverte.  ( #OpenDoor )People in Paris are gonna need a place to sleep.

I checked the trend. Why arepeople attacking Paris?

That's so sad aboutwhat happened in Paris..

American Band playing at Bataclan, pretty clear this is terrorism. 6-8 attackers.

President Obama speaks about Paris attacks

Retweeted IDF Elite ALERT: Any Israelis caught up in Paris terror attacks are urged to call the Embassy on +33 1 40.76.55.00.

Six different attack locations in Paris right now. This is a war.

Several dozen dead as terror takes to the streets of Paris in at least 5 attacks ! Thoughts  solidarity with France NOW

If anyone has important messages about what's happening in paris, I'm happy to RT so they reach more people. #PrayForParis #PorteOuverte

It's all good. Please, no reason to look for disagreement now. Focus on Paris.

sorry, focus on Paris just now, terrorist attack, 60 dead, 100 hostages. State of emergency declared, army in streets

My heart, thoughts and prayers are with the people and families of Paris. #PrayForParis

Feeling helpless and very human. My heart is breaking for the people of Paris.

Not here for any islamaphobic bullshit in regards to what's happening in Paris. Stfu and have some respect #PrayersForParis #ParisAttacks

#Politics: 2016 Presidential Candidates Respond to Paris Attacks: Presidential contenders of  via

if any of you harmos live near Paris, just know how much love I am sending you and your family's way, please please stay safe I love you

I can't even believe what's going on in Paris.

Deadly Paris Attacks: What We Know So Far

Praying for the people of Paris and all of France, our oldest ally. We stand with you.

BREAKING: Five explosions heard near Bataclan concert hall in Paris, according to witness

My head and heart are heavy thinking about Paris. Why so much evil in the world?

Absolutely heartbreaking news out of Paris. It makes me so sad.

Horrified and heartsick scrolling through tweets about Paris attacks. Terrorists want to take away our lives, our freedom.

Sending prayers  love to everyone in Paris and Japan. Be safe everyone. 3 3

Follow the Times live coverage of the Paris attacks.

Wow I'm in shock. I can't believe this STILL happens in 2015. My thoughts and are with those in Paris tonight.

i'm in Paris rn . you might just have compassion for us .

My heart and thoughts and prayers are with all the family and friends of the victims and all the people in Paris tonight xxxx

BREAKING: City-wide curfew now in effect in Paris for the first time since 1944.

Paris Under Siege: Dozens Killed in Multiple Attacks: Dozens were killed in an outbreak of explosions and mult

Taxi drivers in Paris have turned off the metres and are giving free rides home. Humanity shines through

The people of Paris and the families affected by these atrocious acts of evil are in our prayers tonight.

Okay I'm confused. Paris, Japan, what the hell is going on?

BREAKING: Police operation at Bataclan concert venue over,  2 attackers killed: BFM TV

Not every single person posting to Twitter right now knows what's happening in Paris. Maybe don't yell at them about it.

An expanded list of numbers for embassies in Paris - please //t.co/mJi2m8q1ye

please don't make Paris about fifth harmony. please.

AP: At least 100 dead in concert hall in Paris, say police #ParisAttacks

The situation in Paris honestly breaks my heart. Why are some people so sick and kill/hurt innocent people? I will never understand it.

I know I live hundreds of miles from Paris, but suddenly this entire thing just feels so close to home

Praying for Paris, Japan, and the rest of the world. This is scary.

Paris police tell CNN there were three attacks. Attackers reportedly used AK-47 automatic weapons.

Paris terror attacks have left as many as 142 dead

Saturday's front page: 140 dead in Paris massacre

I take a nap, wake up, and hear that there was an attack in Paris what is going on in this world

All the love for Paris. Devastating events we should all pray for.

HH #YounusAlGohar: Paris TragedyIts so painful to hear that atleast 60 innocent people got killed (cont)

Our hearts are hurting for our friends in Paris.

Nick O'Brien says no group has claimed responsibility for attacks because confusion and chaos works in their favour #ParisAttacks

'Horror': At Least 100 Dead in Multiple Paris Attacks  via nbcnews Not Horror but reality

U.S. Band Eagles Of #death #metal Safe After Attack At Paris Concert

118 dead after Eagles of Death Metal siege: Paris police ended Bataclan hostage stand-off

Unless your country is a totalitarian police state the attacks carried out in paris will always be possible. To use the death  suffering

French Authorities Say More Than 100 Killed In Paris Attacks: The French capital has been rocked by shootings and an explosion in at

Our hearts and thoughts go out to the people of Paris

UPDATE: One of Paris attackers mentioned French military action in Syria: witness | via #PrayForParis

The Paris attacks began w/ the explosion at Gate J of the Stade de France where Pres Hollande was watching the friendly Germany/France game

Can't believe all this shit is going on in Paris and I'm sat at home eating weetos

Death toll in Paris attacks could exceed 120, prosecutor says

'Peace for Paris' illustration becomes symbol of solidarity following #ParisAttacks:

This Map Shows Where the Paris Attacks Took Place

158 people are dead in Paris right now, it's not the time to promote an album, it's a time to #PrayForParis

Raw: Survivors led to safety from Paris theater: Automatic gunfire and blasts have rung out from the area of a

French media revealed disturbing first-hand accounts from deadly attacks in Paris

Out of respect for what's going on in Paris, feel best to not do our Friday #cuff routine during #BlueBloods. Will be sending #LOVE instead.

Retweeted Daily Mail Online Twitter users are offering shelter to anyone in Paris using

@highlight

Death toll in Paris attacks could exceed 120, prosecutor says

@highlight

Paris police says there were three attacks. Attackers reportedly used AK-47 automatic weapons.

@highlight

The Paris attacks began w/ the explosion at Gate J of the Stade de France.