The NBA has announced that tomorrow 's game between the Pacers Boston Celtics at TD Garden has been canceled

The explosions in Boston with victims ages 3-62 , latest from Boston 3 dead , 130 injured in Boston Marathon .

8 years old boy died in Boston Bombing

At the marathon finish line , two bombs exploded and the third was blown up by the Authorities .

Business heavily damaged following bomb blast in Boston

Authorities Detain Saudi National as Suspect in Boston Bombing

So , what happen in Boston , stay in Boston , never accuse any country , any races , any religion upon that . . Just pray for the human being . .

I love Boston . My thoughts and best wishes to everyone there .

So horrible to hear the news on Boston :-LRB- Seriously what kind of sick prick would do that ! #achingforBoston #PrayForBoston

do n't blame muslims on boston tragedy

Let 's all take a minute and bring some light to todays tragedy honor the winners of the Boston Marathon , Lelisa Desisa Benti Rita Jeptoo

The fact that my mom barley found out about Boston

Boston Bombing Is Shady !!!!!!!! Something Do n't Smell Right !!!!!!!!

Our hearts , minds and prayers are in Boston today

#PrayForBoston Hospitals report at least 134 injured in Boston Marathon bombing , at least 15 critically :

I guess New Yorkers ca n't say fuck Boston for a couple of months now

Absolutely heartbreaking . Thoughts and prayers with those in #Boston

Taking a minute to acknowledge everyone working so hard right now to find those responsible for the atrocity in Boston

Images and witnesses from the finish line in #Boston :

Omg I pray for Boston #prayforboston it 's so horrible - . -

The Boston Marathon Is Held on Patriots ' Day , Which Has Become an Unofficial Anti-Government Day of Action ???

My heart goes out for the victims in the Boston blast . RIP .

sending well wishes and praying for everyone 's safety in #Boston

lub u all tough day . Boston is killing me too . Need a break . Please friends rest . We have a

It 's lunch break I still ca n't eat due to pain regarding Boston . Media coverage here is also quite fallacious . No bueno . #prayforboston

Everyone 's posting pray for Boston pics and stuff I wonder who is really on their knees praying tho . #gottahitthefloor #praiseGod

Pretty much everything on the Internet about the Boston explosion is fake !! So please stop posting photos that are n't even true .

I 'm deeply saddened by the horrible event that took place in Boston . My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and thei

God bless Boston . Please be safe

Wear a race shirt tomorrow to show support for Boston . #runChat #BostonMarathon #solidarity

Boston Marathon Explosions : Mystery Runner Identified As 78-Year-Old Bill Iffrig -

I 'm grateful for everyone 's support , from within Boston and from all parts of the country and globe . What a tragic , horrifying day .

Bomb blast in boStoN.sMH , I hope it aint korea sha

Do yourself a favor and look up the name Carlos Arredondo . A hero in every sense of the word at today 's tragedy in Boston .

pray for my beloved Boston please !!

This Boston thing has really got me down . Not just the people dying . Not just the people bombing . It 's also the ` mericans that blame others .

Yeah , we can not stop everything , but major events such as the Boston Marathon there should definitely be tight security !!!!

Sending My prayers up for the families and loved ones of those affected by the tragedy in Boston Today . . U should too

Morning - The latest from #Lowestoft and from #Boston through the morning on air .

Watching coverage in Boston is so sickening . Our world is a mess , is n't it .

FBI do n't play they will find the nigga who bombed the Marathon in Boston !!

my prays go out to the people effected in Boston because of the bombing :--LRB-

Just woke up to the terrible news in Boston . Thoughts are with all the victims of this terrible event . #bostonmarathon #prayforboston

New post : Deadly twin blast rocks Boston Marathon ; more explosives found

My heart goes out to everyone in boston . I honestly cant imagine what theyre going threw , stay strong x

Fear is an awful weapon to employ . Pray for Boston .

Boston PD confirm warrant being executed in Boston suburb of Revere or similar to do with blasts . trying to update you from Oz .

So sorry To hear about the Boston Explosions . Our hearts go out to those who lost their lives . What a cowardly act o

Not so tragic like the Boston-bombing , right ? . . US bomb kills 30 at Afghan wedding via

My heart goes out to Boston . I will never understand the horrible viciousness of senseless violence .

So sad to read the news about Boston . Be strong , Bostonians !

The 78-year-old runner behind the Boston photo : A 78-year-old Washington state man running his third Boston

literally in tears watching the videos from the Boston marathon

My heart goes out to all the families hurt and affected at the bombing in Boston today .

LIKE HAS ZAYN EVER EVEN BEEN HERE WHEN 1D CAME TO BOSTON HE WAS WITH HIS FAMILY LIKE WHERE IS THE CONNECT

This is so sad , we pray for you all in Boston !

Races and runners are so positive and this is just unthinkable . I 'm so sickened by what happened in Boston today .

Just read about the Boston marathon bombing . This is so sad , no one deserves this . The hashtag says it all . #PrayForBoston

maryland . . boston . . bout to unfollow dc amongst anyone else who tweeted . . decided against it . .

i 'm deeply saddened by the senseless and tragic #bostonmarathon bombings . RIP to those lost , and courage for the wounded anyone in Boston

What happened today in Boston made me think of this song . Funny how this song will forever remain relevant .

My prayers and thoughts to the city of Boston . One of my favorite places . Heartbroken . #boston

For all of you who saw the picture of the girl running the boston marathon , thats not real . you have to be 18 to run the boston marathon

Boston marathon bombing eyewitness describes gruesome scene

my professor who ran in Boston today is safe !

Making your pot of gold : Lafayette man witnesses Boston explosions

I 'm sick after seeing the picture just posted on FB from Boston . . way too graphic for social media . . oh my gosh . .

This is a day to be remembered for 2 reasons 1 the Boston marathon attacks and 2 Olsen and Phyllis show mercy and give Jamil his phone back

DTN World News : 3 killed , more than 140 injured in Boston Marathon bombing - Times of India : Times of India3 k

8 year old little girl who died in the Boston marathon exploration

God bless all the people that were injured in Boston bombing ! Praying for all of them ! #PrayForBoston

Praying that the peace and love of God would rest over #Boston tonight . Mend the broken hearted and heal their wounds . #prayforboston

Aw , that 's kinda sad . :-LRB- Good thing I do n't know anyone involed in the Boston bombings yesterday .

DTN Japan : Police searching apartment in Boston suburb : Two bombs exploded in the crowded streets near the fin

A former intern in #Spokane and current reporter 's dispatch from the #Boston Marathon :

Spread the word ! Wear a race shirt tomorrow to show solidarity ! Any race . Run/Walk/Stumble . We are all marathoners ! #Boston

But i know Selena Justin were talking on the phone Boston was brought up nd then they tweeted about it hehe

I wonder what 's if I 'll find anything about Boston on / r/imgoingtohellforthis

Grimmie , please . . Lets pray together for Boston . I just want to break down crying #prayforboston

My heart is n't in my editing tonight . It 's in Boston . . and in Newtown and in Aurora . I 'm so saddened by the world

Love what Craig Ferguson had to say about the tragedy in Boston . Even if you 're not from there , it 's a part of America

My thoughts and prayers go out to the people of Boston , Mass. .

After the blasts in Boston Marathon , London Marathon will still take place . #TheShowMustGoOn

One thing , i may be super far from Boston . by far i mean im in Asia . But i put myself in those people 's shoe . It hurts , its sad . IM SAD - A

Mhm . Big mistake . R You 've got to be an idiot to do anythig that makes the city of Boston madat you . Boston , I salute you .

when you get bummed out about Boston , remember there were plenty who ran toward the blast to see if they could help .

RIP to the victims of the Boston Marathon Explosion .

New Video : Boston tragedy prompts increase in Fiesta security

Can someone please tell me what has happened in boston ? I have seen some pictures and im crying ! Please tell me ??

My heart aches to those injured in da Boston Marathon bombing . Even children are not spared . It is a despicable act by any standards .

Our hearts go out to those affected by the tragedy in Boston . We leave you with some words of wisdom from Mr. Rogers htt

Prayers going out to all those injured and affected in Boston . Horrible . What kind of world is my son growing up in . # p

I pray to those who got injured at the BostonI hope it will never gon na happen again !! #Boston #marathon

Stop tweeting that a little girl died in Boston today it was a little boy . . people do anything for RT 's

My heart and prayers are out to Boston . Terrorism has got to stop . It also breaks my heart that religious

I dont understand y some Kenyans r falling over themselves to commisserate with the Boston victims while silent on KE flood

Blue take bear shit x1000000000 down throat of pussy Boston bombers cause they have small dick deserves millions of bear traps on there nuts

What logic is there behind bombing a Boston Marathon ? #idiots #prayforboston

my children and my prayers to those who suffered the #tragedy in Boston .

Sometimes humans can be really stupid ! But unfortunately their silliness will never end #PrayForBoston I 'm with you Boston !

Google is awesome.Now you can search for information on people at the Boston Marathon

It will be interesting to see if the IEDs in Boston were Command Det or Timed . Command Det means that they were watching .

#PrayForBoston Oh My God ! Help them jesus _ / _ Explosions at the Boston Marathon via

Boston is already starting to reek of a false flag .

Nothing but love and respect to all of the amazing people helping those effected in Boston . THAT 'S what I 'm talking about -- ACTION .

#Boston blasts may affect scheduled meeting at the White House between President Obama and His Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin

Somethings are just beyond comprehension . . a terrible day for running and society . . my thoughts to all in Boston . . BB

Finishing a marathon and then going to give blood straight away , legends . #stillsomehopeinthisworld #prayforboston

Tuesday 's Newspaper Front Pages for Boston Globe , Boston Herald 12 UK Papers incl Daily Mail , Times , Sun , Mirr

Anyone who has images , videos or pictures taken during the Boston Marathon please email the Boston FBI bosto PLEASE RT

The Boston Shake - Con lo ' Terrorita '

After this whole Boston thing I am angry . But not usual angry . I 'm angry nigga that gon call u a lil bitch dick ass nigga angry .

My teacher ran in the Boston Marathon before

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the people of Boston today and everyone affected today .

Boston needs prayers but we ca n't forget our soldiers overseas went head on into those fucked up extremists for all of us #prayforeveryone

So can we now see the need to do something with all of the borders ? #Boston #Bombing #news

I know tweeting about the Boston explosions wo n't help but it seriously just breaks my heart how those people had their lives taken away .

Just bought tickets to see in Maine because Boston was sold out in the pre-sale and road trips are fun . Why not ?

Erin Reeves finished w / sub-four-hour PR just minutes before bombs hit #Boston Marathon - read accounts : via

no were still flying to Boston we just boarded our plane

Boston Marathon needs to come back strong as ever next year . Do n't let the bastards -LRB- whoever they are -RRB- win .

In the light of what happened in #Boston , I was reading over President Bush 's address to the people after 9/11 .

I believe in God ! I 've read the things you have ! I also believe that the boston marathon bombing is unrelated so how dare you ?!

+ Thank you for sharing that photo . . We need some beauty after today . . Pray for the people in Boston

My heart is aching for all of the lives that were lost and those who were injured . Stay strong Boston . #prayforboston

why try and get retweets off of that ? Not even from the Boston marathon

BARBARA DICKSON - TELL ME IT 'S NOT TRUE For the people of Boston

Wait what happened in Boston ?? - checks TL . . -

Must be some NDTV type channels work ! # Boston

The Koreans Started it off in Boston O __ O

#Pakistan Stepping up on social media - Boston Globe : Stepping up on social mediaBoston GlobeThe #SocialMedia

I thank God for an Avenger like you , who will give us hope , help us hold our heads high , fight another day #Boston

My prayers go out to the people of boston . May the victims of be blast heal and the city recover from this tragic loss .

#Tragic about what happen today ! Well I guess I 'm going turn that frown upside down and watch some #PirilloVlogs . Pray for Boston !

#BreakingNews #World Producer captures Boston blast : Steve Silva , a Boston Globe web producer , was at the scen

Whose up for going to Boston and beating the shit out of people from westboro baptist who are protesting the deaths from the bombing today ?

My prayers go to everyone in Boston !! I 'm sorry for any injuries and losses !! God bless

What a day here in Boston , first the tragic bombings at the Marathon finish line , then -LRB- although doesnt compare

I just realized i have a cousin in Boston . I pray he 's okay .

To think my Aunt has ran in the Boston marathon . I wish all who were injured a speedy recovery .

RT You 've got to be an idiot to do anything that makes the city of Boston mad at you . Boston , I salute you .

great monologue about Boston . Honest , emotional , and no b.s. I already loved you , but you went up a notch in my book good sir

Praying with a heavy heart for the people of Boston !

For all those who are worried abt my Bro . . He is safe n sound in Boston . . :-RRB- #fb

#PrayForPeace all over the world.What Boston experienced today is a daily occurrence in some parts of the world.May

Subreddit Random Acts of Pizza is trying to get pizza to every house that 's hosting victims in Boston right now . Humanity 's awesome .

Green building at #MIT in #Boston lit up as the #Americanflag . may God be w all of those impac

The CIA has possibly connected Boston attacks to the Islamist Inspire Magazine which contains instructions on how to

All of us at PHAME send love and light to everyone affected by the terrible tragedy today in Boston .

My heart still aches for Boston . #LandOfTheBrave

Coming home and finding out what happened in Boston was devastating Prayers to all the victims , police , fire Ems soldiers that helped

lol I would do the same . Did u also hear about Boston ? Feel bad for them

Fox News Msnbc New York Times Elena Delle Donne Regions Pray For Boston Gold

Guys is there any news about Boston ? . .

It 's sick that the last mile of the marathon was dedicated to the shooting in Connecticut and it get bombed #prayforboston

Off work and I just heard about thee Boston explosion . . Smh I feel horrible

My heart goes out to the victims in the Boston marathon bombing and their families , and the runners who lost their legs .

Horrible news this morning ! Explosions at the #Boston #Marathon ! My thoughts go out to the people affected by the blast !

What if Korea did the Boston bombing o : and they did it to prove they were serious o _ O

The only difference between Boston Marathon blast and Bombay blasts is that there is no Pakistani diplomacy asking for pr

My heart BREAKS for BOSTON !! A very very sad and tragic time again !!!

Boston Politician : ` I Felt It Rip Through My Fingers And My Feet ' via HuffPost #Politics

King Bhumibol Adulyadej of Thailand Square , Boston , MA

A guy was gon na propose to his gf after she crossed the finish line at the Boston Marathon , but she passed away . That 's sad :--LRB-

#TRUTH ----- As a life long Boston guy , let me tell you that you f ` ed with the wrong city today #boston

Still ca n't believe what 's happened in Boston . So senseless .

If we had employed #Israel PROFILE tactics like they suggested , we would have nabbed the #Boston bombers by now .

can Kenya put a travel ban to its citizens visiting the US due to the terror attack on the Boston Marathon

Get well soon Boston . #feelbetter -LRB- I do realize it 's a city . -RRB-

FBI probes Boston ` terror ' blasts - BBC News #News

My thoughts and prayers are with those who have been injured by the bombings #prayforboston

Dont let ur prayers be as biased as the media . Do n't just #prayforboston , #pray4SyriaSomaliaIraqNigeria where worse bombings happen daily

Shocked and saddened by the tragedy at today 's Boston Marathon . Our thoughts are with the families , victims , and people of Boston .

The answer is we love back . We live backWe respond by showing that we will play harder , and longer . #loveback #boston

Side with life . Against those yesterday who killed 2 in Boston , killed 140 in Syria , killed 31 across Iraq . They are not on our team .

Yo Nerlens Noel wants to play for Boston cause its his favorite team

Deepest condolences to Boston bombingg victims #prayforboston

Please join me in praying for comfort , God 's presence , and peace throughout the evil ones 's plans in #Boston . I pray for God 's angels .

it sickens me to hear what happen to Boston people are FUCKED UP !! #prayforboston

I am not looking forward to my trip to Boston on Monday .

For anyone wanting to follow the Boston Marathon story w / accuracy and w/o commentary , the is putting in work .

Thoughts and prayers go out to those involved in the Boston Marathon tragedy . Disgusted by what happened . Destroyed innocent peoples lives

#Boston will be largely open for business on Tuesday , but heavily armed police will be out in force .

People are kind ! Boston Marathon explosions attract an outpouring of help from city 's residents - Yahoo! Sports

PHL stocks plunge in knee-jerk reaction to Boston Marathon bombing - GMA News #b2b

Im so sorry for the victimes of boston god blus boston

Prayers Go Out To The Victims And Families Out In Boston .

Pray for Boston what a horrible news

#prayforboston it is amazing how crazy and stupid people can be by placing a bomb there Hope everyone is OK !!!!! #StayStrong

Good night everyone.Praying who ever did that in #Boston will get caught . #PrayingforBoston

But to the Boston PD the FBI . Let 's find out who did this and get they ass .

No civilians deserve to be bombed . Not Boston , WTC , Oklahoma , or the middle east . #ProtestAllBombingOfCiviliansEverywhere

My thoughts and prayers are with those who have been injured and killed in the Boston Marathon bombing . :-LRB- #prayforboston

i cant sleep either its very sad . Prayers go out to the people in boston !!!!!

Heartbreaking scenes from Boston Thoughts and prayers go out to every innocent person affected . .

Gun rights And rhetorical wrongs : Once again , Republicans , conservatives and libertarians in New Hamps #boston

UNH professor Keep things in perspective : Cesar Rebellon was in the middle of teaching a class on terr #boston

Sad for Boston but VERY ANGRY to the bitch who tweeted that Zayn started it and so did Harry . FUCK YOU .

Heart goes out to all victims from Boston , and their families .

Boston Marathon Room Listings Offer Hope in Tragedy 's Wake : Tyler Fenton lives in Boston 's Mission Hill

Personally , i 've never been to Boston . But since i became a C 's fan , it 's been a dream of mine to come to Boston . #Ju

No updates for now . Please keep the victims of the Boston attack in your thoughts and prayers . Sadly , 15 April now h

My heart goes to those at Boston . Thankful that Malaysia are peaceful .

Sad day for a great city . Thoughts prayers with those affected #Boston

This Boston girl is praying for everyone back home . #prayforboston #prayer4boston #Boston

Twitter conspiracy theories over ` man on roof ' during Boston Marathon explosion | Herald Sun

#PrayForBoston When tragic things like this happens , all you got ta do is pray . Hope everything gets better in Boston .

1st-year #Patriots WR pledges to donate $ 100 for each '13 reception to Boston Marathon Relief Fund $ 200 for each drop .

Boston blasts prompt UK review of London Marathon - Beaumont Enterprise via

so far we have only heard a boy here in Boston . Guess we 'll know more tomorrow .

Evil seems to be everywhere but the people of #Boston prove that there is much more good and kindness .

My condolences to relatives and friend who lost their people in Boston marathon explosion .

Thoughts prayers are with the people of Boston may god give you the strength to understand endure #sad

Praying for everyone in Boston ! Such an evil act and innocent ppl are hurt because of it . #stoptheviolence

What bastard bombs a marathon ?! Thoughts with Boston runners .

WTF is wrong with this world ? Thoughts and prayers going out to Boston live . . love . . laugh . . life is too short . . no re

Thoughts and prayers to everyone at he Boston Marathon . The human kind is driven by ego !

Many thoughts and prayers go to the Ppl in Boston ! #whendoesitstopHow could it possibly ever stop ?

Prayers for Boston ! A good cause and terrorism # Sad #Sick .

Atlantans stand w. Boston . Our Olympics bombing tragically similar on a smaller scale . Our thoughts r w. victims

Boston exploded yesterday . Earthquake tremors felt in Asia . It 's Rafa Benitez 's birthday today . #cfc hahahaha

Really breaks my heart seeing all the clips from Boston on the news . There 's blood all over the place , people missing body parts.crazy .

HEADLINE : Elizabeth Warren has joined the BOSTON investigation team offering to use her inherited Cherokee power to TRACK BOMBERS

Tonight-Lateline : Boston bombings witness , US vet , Bruce Mendelson , live ; and crime and prison reform : - here and in Texas

you said you did n't care about the people in the Boston marathon :-LRB- that 's awful ! Take it back ! Xx

BREAKING : search warrant executed at apartment near Boston , Police confirm it is related to Marathon e

Boston Marathon Bombing - False Flag Staged Attack ? Another perspective on the tragedy .

I wish there were less breathless 24/7 concern about terror incidents like Boston and more contempt . They 're not scary . They 're pathetic .

were you in Boston ? Are you ok ?

Watching the news on Boston Marathon still makes me sick

I 'm so disgusted with what 's going on with this Boston marathon bombing ! we really need to pray

We 've got team coverage of the Boston tragedy on FOX23 News Daybreak this morning . FOX23 Brittany Jeffers is

Boston - a reminder that Freedom is always under attack . Our consistent call is diligence , faith and compassion . If

Seeing all the footage of the Boston marathon bombing all last night and this morning is unreal , thoughts going out to everyone affected 3

CNN showing a photo of 8-yr-old boy killed in Boston Marathon blast . I. Just . Ca n't .

are you stupid ?!! Those pictures are from Iraq not boston

Fuckkkk A man in Boston was gon na propose to his girlfriend when she crossed the finish line but she was killed in

After Boston attack , I 'm wondering where the war will start . It 's not so vague , easy to predict . #BostonMarathon #Boston

We are sending derby love to all those effected by the blast in Boston .

Saying a prayer for those hurt and injured in Boston and those who have tragically lost a loved one . Kia Kaha x

Fed up hearing about Boston already #insensitive #bovril

First Sandy Hook Elementary , then the Boston Marathon . What the fuck is wrong with US

Our hearts go out everyone touched by the horrific incident in Boston .

Some amazing photos from the Boston Globe :

My thoughts are with Boston this morning , and the families and friends affected by this senseless tragedy . #BostonMarathon

Saw nat . media using ` Boston Massacre ' on news captions ~ tho long ago , it WAS a tragedy should n't be marginalizd for hype 's sake #badform

Public schools in Boston are closed today for Spring Break .

April 15th = Titanic Sunk , April 15th = Hills Borough Disaster , April 15th = Boston Marathon Bombings Car Bombing #PrayForBoston

Waiting for some smartass to make a joke about the earthquake and porn ban and the boston blast in a single tweet .

Boston Blast . Who to blame for all those innocent lives hurt ? Who

The Big Picture blog from the Boston Globe never fails . Today is no exception .

The Man in the Cowboy Hat : Meet Carlos Arredondo , a Hero of the Boston Bombings

This picture is of a girl that ran a 5k in 2012 at great Falls . Not from the Boston marathon . She is still alive

#HELO5SOS Hey how are you boysss ?! You boys should do an acoustic show in Boston !!! :D

#Boston bombings hit financial #markets after #gold plummets #news #economy #bonds #QE #US #uk

London runners to cross the finishing line with their #handsoverhearts on sunday in tribute to Boston .

Injured South Africans were Boston Marathon spectators : DIRCO

Boko Haram have been bombing pple but noooo . Nigerians will not make YouTube videos begging them to stop , then this Boston stuff happens and

You do n't need to be a Boston fan to appreciate this . This is bigger .

Donating blood tomorrow . To help out #Boston my prayer hours out to them . #prayer

EU , NATO react with horror at Boston attacks

Boston Marathon : 3 killed as 2 bombs explode -LRB- with live-blog , images and video links -RRB-

todays tanktop tuseday is officially being dedicated to support all the people that were injued/killed at the Boston marathon #supportboston

Could n't sleep so did this week 's blog on Boston.My LifeLive

Terrorists do bombings , notMuslims . Open your eyes America.Don ' t be an idiot . Know the factsfirst . #PrayForBoston .

We Must Confront , Defeat Acts of Evil : Joe Fitzgerald , Boston Herald

My thoughts and prayers are wit the people in Boston .

Looking forward to seeing reports from friend and fellow reporter LIVE from Boston .

Watching the news about the Boston terror hurts me . #prayersforboston

Thinking of all of those involved in the tragic events in Boston . Even though I live abroad I am proud to be an American ! #staystrong

I just realized how many innocent lives we 're taken away at Boston recently . My prayers will go to those who are involve . #PrayForBoston

Wonder how long it 's gon na take the conspiracy theorists to come up with a video and theory on why the Boston explosions happened . .

Enough of this Boston bomb malarkey.Come on News people lets have some more stories of celebs getting nicked by nonce

oh , that 's just heartrending Pictured - Martin Richard , 8 , Boston Marathon bomb victim

Researchers at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston have made functioning rat kidneys in the laboratory , a bioengineering achievement . .

people are taking the piss out of the boston bombings , i 'm done

BREAKING : search warrant executed at apartment near Boston , Police confirm it is related to Marathon explosions . No furth

Navy bomb unit sent to Boston : The Navy has sent one of its bomb-disposal units to Boston to ass #News #Boston

Really breaks my heart seeing all the clips from Boston on the news . There 's blood all over the place , people missing b

We stand together with our American friends . Our thoughts go out to the US authorities and people of #Boston .

I 'm Twisted America , Sometimes You Bring A Massive Shock To My System . Is This Planned By Average People , Government . #Conspiracy #Boston

R.I.P. to the 8 year old girl who died in the Boston explosion while running for the Sandy Hook kids #prayforboston htt

And if the Boston Terrorist is a Saudi student here on a visa ? Call this madness

boston was a serious cause , but some of this is taking to far . all the real stories are in my prayers

My heart and prayers goes to everyone that was in Boston yesterday . Just horrific news .

knowing someone who was at the Boston Marathon makes this even more real than it would for me otherwise , prayers . #PrayForBoston

AUDIO : Plymouth woman , her grandchildren knocked to ground : Wendy Longo and her three grandchildren he #boston

Talking the explosions in Boston all morning . Call with your reactions at 810-251-1570 .

Some lost legs and arms and a lot are in critical condition ! Praying for a speedy recovery so they can give that testimony . #Boston

Boston ER Doctor Reports Battlefield-Style Injuries #tcot #tlot #teaparty #gop #gop201

An earthquake just happened in my country first Boston now this omg is it the end of the world bc

I sympathise with citizens of Boston but I ca n't help remembering that they helped to fund IRA bombs / killings in Engla

RT God bless the families of the victims of the exposion in Boston

Thinking of Boston , the victims , and the brave 1st responders who ran toward the blast instead of away from all the horr

Ca n't stand watching the Boston explosion , I wan na find this scumbag and light them on fire . This shit really gets to me #PrayForBoston

My prayers r with u boston and all the families

New day at school . God bless Boston

Praying for my cousin , his wife , and their newborn in Boston

We want to express our sadness for the victims of the Boston twin explosions - Our thoughts are with Boston :--LRB-

Here 's my take on the Boston terrorist bombings yesterday :

My prayers are with all in Boston especially those injured and suffering the lost of love ones

What kind of dumb person who bombs Boston ?

I do n't understand , why Boston ?

Stunned when I heard the breaking news about Boston here yesterday . My heart goes out my 2nd home . #bostonlove

TODAY IN PICTURES | Apr. 15 , 2013Medical responders run an injured man past the finish line the 2013 Boston

Flag at half mast and candles lit for the victims and their families in Boston today .

Good morning my dear family . Praying that His Comforter hold and keep the families that were impacted in Boston . I ask this in Jesus name .

not sure how much I can speak to it I live north of Boston and have only witnessed what has been onThe new

Video : Runner captures bomb blast at Boston Marathon finish line -

Dear Boston , you 're such a beautiful city we love visiting you . Hope you 're doing OK after yesterday - we 're all

Posted late last night . Reflections on a Marathon Tragedy . #edchat #cpchat #prayforboston #bostonm

Post your pictures of you running in your Boston Marathon Gear today . #IRunforBoston

Getting angry or confused at people 's updates about Boston ? Go to my post . Pls RT if you think it

YouTube Spotlights Videos of ` Explosions at the Boston Marathon ' #Mashable

3 's out to Boston marathon victims and loved ones #BostonMarathon

8 year old boy died yesterday while waiting to give his dad a hug after running the Boston Marathon . So sad .

Show of Solidarity : Europe Outraged by Boston Bombings

My prayers go out to the families in Boston ??? what is this world coming to ??? #ashamed #disgusted

BREAKING NEWS : ZAYN MALIK IS A PRIME SUSPECT IN THE BOSTON MARATHON ATTACK . #BostonMarathon

Good morning . News : * The Boston tech community set up this site to fund-raise for victims of yesterday 's

Ca n't believe Westboro Hate Church plans to picket the funerals of the Boston Marathon . They 're no Christians !! #standuptotheirhate

Boston attack ` easily ' one-man operation : Bomb Experts : Boston attack ` easily ' one-man operation : Bomb Experts

Debunking Boston Marathon Bombing w / Alex Jones Do You Agree ?

Do n't make jokes about the Boston tragedy or anything similar , just do n't #growup

Italy calls Boston bomb attack ` cowardly ' : Monti sends message to Obama to express Rome 's support

My deepest sympathies go out to all those affected by the bombings in Boston #prayforboston

My latest upload : USA - Terror at the Boston Marathon on

My thoughts are with Boston , god bless xXx

reading all news about boston as much as possible

Good Morning Everyone , thoughts and prayers with those affected by the bombing in Boston .

thinking of those innocent people who were injured and killed in boston #prayersforboston

This Boston thing is very sad . We should also take note of the amount of similar things that claim more lives in oth

just watched the Boston footage for the first time and I 'm almost in tears . why someone would do something like that is so beyond me .

Boston police reopening some streets , but large perimeter still blocked off

231 Mexican Athletes Experience Boston Marathon Explosions - via

to the A-holes who tried to mess with Boston yesterday . take heed ! per USA will #SeekAndDESTROY :

Investigators hunt for clues in Boston Marathon bombing

They should 've blew up East Boston high #JustSaying

Boston Marathon Victims : How to Help

#ATF now deployed in force at #Boston finish line .

#internetmarketing Boston Marathon Explosions On Social Media - Sky News : abc7.comBoston Marathon Explosions O

Know anyone traveling home from Boston today ? We want to chat with them . Message me contact information

Today i just knew about the bomb at boston marathon and the accident at bugis , i think the driver is drunk .

hi there Mel hope they get whoever is responsible fer Boston no mercyhave good day

It 's annoying how ignorant people can be about Boston

I 'm wearing like all red today to support Boston . #PrayerForBoston

Prays for boston , words cant describe the pain the familes are going through . Fucking hate terroists me , ragheads .

Whilst this is n't sensitive to the people of Boston.it is quite hilarious -LRB- what else do people from Frankie Boyle -RRB-

Ja intendi o way do Pray for Boston . Tsc mng mortes por la .

Appalled at events in Boston . have confirmed and her team are safe .

searching about boston news , while eating * bad luck

Fox News ' Erik Rush Tweets ` Kill All Muslims ' Immediately After Boston Marathon Bombings -LRB- IMAGE -RRB-

People in this world make me sick . The Boston marathon is not funny and it 's not a joke . #growup

This is what Twitter users think about Boston bombings

its fcked up what happened in boston , what the fck is wrong with this crazy as world !

10 Things You Need To Know This Morning -LRB- GOOG , AAPL , FB , DISH , S -RRB- : Good morning . News : The Boston tech communi

If you do n't know what happened in Boston do you live under a rock ? Christ .

Hello , I am very saddened for what it which passed in Boston . Full of thoughts for Bostion and his -LRB- her -RRB- inhabitants .

People Mistakenly Think Actress Denise Richards ' Son Died in Boston Bombings People are celebrity obsessed . It 's sad

Bombings in Boston , tremors in Delhi and bird flu in Beijing . . someone 's telling me not to leave the country this Saturday !!

Just heard about the things that happened in Boston . I 'm seriously crying . I 'm praying for all of you .

Street Debris Pulled From Victims of Boston Marathon Blasts , Doctors Say : Making the announcement Tuesday , ABC

Hard times in Boston . Our thoughts go out to all of our friends around town , especially those adversely affected .

so sad what happened in boston wish the people who have lost someone my condolences will pray for everyone

RIP to the ppl I 'm Boston tht lost there lifes and I 'll be praying for everyone tht was out there #prayforboston

I do want to say thank you to all the response teams and people that just helped out of heart . I was amazed . #Boston

Is this for real . Bomb sniffing dog just checked my bag . So crazy and sad this has occurred in Boston . #commuterrailw

#bostonmarathon #israel65 MT as events in #Boston unfolded kept wondering how does #Israel deal everyday with t

The beauty of life is the next day the sun always shines . Ca n't hold #Boston down #PrayForBoston

No to killilg of kids and innocent ppl , condolences to victims of Boston Marathon

Thoughts and prayers are with the people of Boston . Stay safe , everyone , and stay vigilant . These cowards will stop at nothing to attack us

While many rightfully ran away from the blasts , the #heroes in #Boston ran towards them . Your #courage and #selflessness are appreciated .

I think the epicentre of this quake is not pak or iran but Boston .2 blasts in boston produced such ripples

i think i am gon na stay home for the rest of the day between #Boston and the #earthquake in #Dubai , i 'm a nervous nelly !

#BOSTON From now on when I run , I will never forget those who died or were wounded in BOSTON .

Sending prayers to all the Boston victims?But just for reminderit happens in Palestina every single day ? . .

thoughts and prayers to all those at the Boston marathon , especially the victims and their families

Alright Boston terrorists you better fess up . Unless you want the United States of America on top of you coming hard .

blue for Boston . and red cuz red

Thanks man . I 'm talking to the Junks around 8 am about my experience in Boston .

For runners from the First Coast , a day of chaos at Boston Marathon |

Our prayers go out to the family and city of Boston . #BostonMarathon

I 'm so happy that my dad did n't go to the Boston Marathon this year The scary thing is , the bombs went off at my dads best running time . .

If today does n't feel like a day to drink a beer , then donate a pint of blood instead at The or a local hospital . #Boston #America

Not only pray for Boston but the United States

CNN , Esquire blame the ` right wing ' for Boston Marathon bombing via #BostonMarathon

Early morning flight to #Boston - nearly all media on board , not one of us look as if we 've slept #prayforboston

Our thoughts n prayers with the people of #Boston . #OneWorld

Any Scots runners in Boston ? DM or email deborah.anderso or

After that workout yesterday I feel as ruined as Boston

At 6 am Delray hood , 56F . Partly cloudy , high mid 70s . Stay strong Boston .

Bad day today First Boston blast n now earthquake . . God bless every1 . .

Bombing of Boston Marathon , where three are killed and hundreds injured

I 'm going to Boston in a week , I 'm too nervous .

I know some of our dear patients have been running the Boston Marathon in the past . so many of us were watching

Update : FBI takes the lead in Boston probe More at

Watching footage of the Boston Bombings on mute with Club Tropicana by Wham playing in the background is an uncomfortable combo .

Thinking of everyone in Boston today . Sure there were many wonderful people raising funds for animal charities and other

#SuryaRay Murder at the Boston marathon as terrorists strike beloved race -LRB- IrishCentral -RRB-

VIDEO CHOC - BOMBE AL TRAGUARDO DELLA MARATONA DI BOSTON

Hope things will get better in Boston .

Got woken up today by a guy in my room from Boston wanting to tell me about the bombings in his hometown #poorguy #bostonbombings

Investigators hunt clues in Boston blasts : THE Boston Marathon blasts were well co-ordinated , and investigators are struggling to ans

Boston Marathon Bombings : What We Know This Morning

im going to boston today hopefully its not my day my thoughts and prayers to those people god bless RIP .

Hockey world reacts to Boston Marathon tragedy NHL -LSB- -RSB-

#Farnesina in contact with Italian Consulate in #Boston : no Italian citizens injured at the moment , but closely m

This is relevant . Evil acts , not evil people . | Why the Boston bomber is not evil by

I 'm so sad for the people of Boston my heart goes out to you all my prayers are with you

So grateful and are ok and heading home to Texas from Boston and the marathon this morning . XOXO

Three dead , more than 140 injured as explosions rock Boston Marathon -LRB- with video -RRB-

Boston Marathon Bombing and Calls for Anti-Islamist Vengeance

Watching Boston bomb vid . One thing that amazes me is that people run away the first 40 seconds . At the 41st second , EVERYONE wants to help .

2 killed as 2 bombs explode at Boston Marathon - The China Post

We are looking for any Quebecers returning from Boston who wish to talk . Send messages to us or who is at airport .

These Big Picture images on the Boston Bombings are pretty shocking .

I liked a video from Graphic video : First moments after Boston Marathon blasts

Indeed MT One of the more thoughtful responses on the events on the boston bombings

Investigators hunt for clues in Boston attack : As Americans grapple with another terror attack on U.S. #toledo

Boston bombings : feel for the victims condemn the senseless violence from our own similar experiences in Pak . I pra

Titanic sank 15th April . Hillsborough disaster 15th April . Boston Bombing 15th April .

#NUEVO ` No detail too small ' in hunt for marathon bomber : FBI : As victims of the Boston Marathon bombin #NUEVO

Security tightened for Margaret Thatcher funeral , in wake of Boston Marathon attacks #Thatcher # B

Over 100 victims in Boston . I can not wrap my head around why people would cause such terror . #prayforboston

Latest Information on What Happened In Boston #WhatHappenedInBoston

#Benghazi still under investigation Obama ? #FortHood workplace violence . #Boston : A sports tragedy ? We have no leader , Am

#Boston should show you that banning 7 + round clips semi-auto rifles is n't going to prevent killings . #guncontrol #NRA # 2A

I 'm at Boston at Seri Kembangan . Wooo shooting with Shahz Jazley and Fauziah Gous . Entah cerita apa haha ' - '

Tough day - celebrating life of a supermom as well as thinking of those Boston . Thankful to be with family . Holding all a little tighter

Who 's behind the Boston Marathon bombings ? 4 theories

Boston marathon explosions : eight-year-old boy among those killed via

Hero : A person who runs towards the trouble to help when others are running awayThere are hundreds in Boston today .

prayers for Boston . I 'll be dedicating a run to the victims

#Fox News Contributor Erik Rush Tweets Kill All Muslims in Aftermath Of #Boston Bombings ur mentality

The tragedy yesterday in Boston will be talked about for awhile on alot of programs . It happened on a Monday and its going 2 b front .

#PrayForBoston . Always wear a Celtic trinity knot , today decked out in my Boston Irish tshirt too ! . Thought Prayers for all affected

Good Morning.Still in shock from yesterday 's bombing in Boston . I am praying for all the people of Boston .

Pray For Boston and I Hope it Does n't happen like this again :|

Sooo did Boston like blow up or something ??

Wtf is wrong with this world , go to the movies get shot , go to school get shot , run a marathon get blown up #prayforboston

Heart wrenching account of Boston bombing :

Seeing all this Boston stuff on tv this morning

Not a good mornin for boston they still in my prayers

Boston Marathon Bombing Explained via

Good morning #SoulPeople . Talks of yesterday 's events in #Boston will be frequent today . #Jazz up your day and try to free your mind .

this little girl is alive , she did not die in the Boston Marathon explosion ! Spread The Word !

FBI probes Boston Marathon ` terror ' blasts

My heart goes out to the family and friends of those killed or injured in the Boston Marathon bombings . Devastating .

is doing work on right now . Perfect blend of integrity and poise as she 's covering all the Boston news live .

RSS hand can not be ruled out in Boston blasts . The fire rising from explosions had saffron tinge in it . Vigdijaysingh . .

Westboro : We 'll picket Boston Funerals

MA VERAMENTE ` Zayn bombed boston ' ? MA NON VI FATE SCHIFO ? MA PROPRIO PER NULLA ?

Retweeted UMass Boston Campus closed Tues as officials investigate Mon incident at JFK Library .

If you 're not from Boston and have n't been in town on Marathon Monday , it 's hard to explain the impact of yesterday .

Been watching this Boston incident all day and still watching it That crazy . . R.I.P to everyone that did n't make it

As the reality of what happened yesterday in #Boston settles in , what -LRB- if anything -RRB- have we learned ?

Love all the conspiracy theories about Boston from the CSI 's on this . Some amount of shite I 've read .

Security increased after explosions in Boston

#Boston #explosions : ` Please do n't be Arabs or Muslims ' via #BostonExplosions #USA

On The Student Lawyer - Top 10 : Boston Marathon Explosions and More

hey . . Hope u nowhere near boston

Our hearts and prayers go out to #Boston and those affected by this terrible tragedy .

President Higgins and Taoiseach Kenny have sent their sympathy in the wake of the explosions at the Boston Marathon : htt

A grassroots movement to stand with Boston : wear a race shirt today -LRB- Boston blue/yellow best , but any will do -RRB- .

Tomorrow is live from Boston with the latest on the bombings . Plus a Terrorism Expert joins us with insigh

FBI Conducted Search But No Arrests , Claims of Responsibility in Boston Bombing -

cie mentionan , makin akrab deh : 3 R : Indonesians and I are deeply saddened by the Boston bombings . Our prayers ar

thanks . Always think of you w / Boston news .

Watching spondgebob because everything on espn is about boston

RIP the 3 persons who died at the Boston Marathon .

Welcome to have you here , and be able to connect 7 share together , my condolences for the Boston tragic event #USA #Kosovo

Fort Mill runner Demi Clark just crossed the finish line at the Boston Marathon when the bombs exploded . Her account :

good morning fb =-RRB- 3 3 prayers go out to BOSTON 3

Today , I wear the colors of the flag as a symbol of solidarity . My heart goes out to everyone in Boston and beyond . #bostonmarathon

every single one of my prayera go out to the people in Boston #prayforboston keep our country safe .

Those people who committed those horrible crimes in Boston should be hung . #findthemkillthem

Lesson learnt #Boston Never strive 2 cross the finish line.i 'm so sure the last guys were feeling bad not knowin the dangers ahead

#LondonMarathon : I seriously doubt there 's any enhanced threat , post-Boston . Thatcher funeral probably poses greater risk

Fox Cities residents recall Boston Marathon explosions #bostonmarathon #fonddulac #foxvalley #bostonbombing

Just because there were explosions in Boston , MA , does n't mean there are going to be more in London , England

Thoughts and prayers go out to Boston . Too much of this happening !

first its the boston bombing , now its the earthquake in iran . wtf 's happening ? #tragedy

My heart is still so heavy . Forgive me Lord for taking for granted coachin my kids , and being an athlete . Boston is in my heart . #boston

Lots of innocent people died and got injured while marathon running . Does true peace actually exist and can be achiev

With the Boston Marathon tragedy , let 's pray for all those in pain need . A stark reminder of what should be important everyday . #selfless

Keep Boston in your prayers today . May the 3 who lost their lives rest in peace and God Bless all the families

I swear if she makes fun of the incident In Boston , Imma flip ,

Oh my god what 's happening ?! First the blasts in Boston and now an earthquake in Delhi ?!!

Our thoughts go out to the people affected by the Boston bombings ! #prayforboston

God Bless all who were affected by the Boston Marathon Bombing . Our hearts and prayers are with you all !

I send prayers and love to Boston town , mortified by the horror at the finish line of the marathon . Why do we hurt ea

Boston is terrible and I hope they catch the fucker -LRB- s -RRB- who did it . Butso are the almost daily bombings elsewhere in the world .

wearing purple today for the victims in Boston . #PrayForBoston

Pic of 8 yr-old Martin Richard who was killed as he waited to give his father a hug at the finishing line #boston

Earthquake in Iran and bombing in Boston . Like seriously , what is happening to the world ?! I 'm scared to hear the news .

i think it because of the blast in Boston

The photos from the boston bombings are horrendous ! Such nasty twisted people out there ! #prayforboston

Yep 7.8 ! At least it 's Natural but the last thing you want to have after Boston

Wearing my blue running jacket and a yellow shirt under it for Boston . Today I 'll #RunForBoston , and later I 'll give blood ASAP again .

bombs go off every day in the Middle East killing thousands every year and the whole world in shock over what happened

So sad reading about 8 yr old that died during The Boston Marathon and his mum and sister too that we 're badly injured

I am touched that my 7th grade boy asked to wear my old Boston Marathon jacket to school today to show support fo

I just went on fb I see a picture my older sister posted of her friend running the Boston Marathon down the block from the explosion .

justin beiber and maggie T are trending higher than north korea , boston isnt trending at all , fuck society

the boston race was for the 26 that got killed at the school and then they bombed the race like WTF

To whoever is behind yesterday 's heinous evil acts in Boston : America will find you . And you will be punished .

Dwarfs outrunning expectations in Boston Marathon via #Courage

And again my prayers and sympathy to all the victim of Boston Marathon bombing !!!

I took this photo at the finish line on Saturday . I 'm constantly in Boston . #soscary

Heartbreaking to read the Boston marathon stories . Some people are horrific . #prayforboston #tragic

There 's a bomb at #Boston marathon Why they did that ?

Parents : if you are not sure how to talk to your kids about what happened in Boston your kids can call

It is hatd to grouse too long about taxes after seeing the first responders in action yesterday in Boston .

A man in Boston was gon na propose to his girlfriend when she crossed the finish line but she was killed in the explosion #prayforboston

Boston Marathon Bombing -LRB- GRAPHIC PHOTOS -RRB- - Huffington Post

via #newzsocial Europe official : Unlikely Boston a suicide bombing

So the suspect of the Boston marathon was tackled by people at the race because he was Saudi or because he look suspicious ! Da fuck

Oblama n Empty Suit . God removes hand as US turns away . Chaos reigns supreme as result i.e. Boston ! Cant blame God - WE TOLD HIM TO LEAVE

G morning ND god bless us all #Boston

GREEN RIBBON DURING THE LONDON MARATHON in support of those in Boston killed injured shocked or denie

My heart goes out to those injured yesterday , the families of the victims , the people of Boston , the marathoners . Just horrible .

Well . . I tried to wear purple for Boston but I do n't have anything purple .

Pray for Boston pray for Iraq pray for Syria pray for Afghanistan pray for India pray for Guatemala pray for Mexico pray for Africa . .

Reading the Boston Globe this morning sucks . This column is heartbreaking . The 6th paragraph crushed me .

Love and prayers to all in Boston today .

the video and picture footage of them boston explosions is horrific . .

As a flipside to the rotten news from Boston , brightening my workday was a trout interrupting a riverside IV in Vic 's high country . Really .

Boston blasts : PM Lee sends condolences to Obama - Straits Times : Straits TimesBoston blasts : PM Lee sends con

Truly appalling terrorist atrocity in #Boston ; such attacks ought to be unequivocally condemned wherever in the world t

Good a-em Salem and Boston ! Today is a time to pray for healing , to call forth strength , brotherhood revealing ! We are one force in SPIRIT !

Explosions reported at Boston Maraton where 560 Michigan runners competed -

Our hearts and thoughts go out to those who were affected by the horrible Boston Marathon tragedy . #BostonMarathon

Chilling front page of the Boston Globe this morning in the wake of the deadly bombing .

New Post | He Has A Name : Martin Richard , 8 Year Old Boy Killed In The Boston Marathon Explosion

owoishereDOTorg Official story unraveling for Boston marathon bombing ; clear evidence points to bomb squa #owo

Boston Marathon bombings : Carlos Arredondo , heroic anti-war protester whose soldier son died in via

:-LRB- come on guys let 's pray for boston #PrayForBoston

Sending love to the city of Boston and the families effected by this tragedy .

Due to the tragic events yesterday in Boston , expect airport security to be tightened around the country . If

bomb blast in Boston and earthquake in Iran/Pakistan Gods way of justice ????

Person of interest 's apartment searched : Authorities searched a suburban-Boston apartment Monday night into ea

Still a little shaken up about what happened yesterday . We 're heading back to Boston for my wife 's dissertation defense next week .

Unless there 's some breaking news , the only time we 'll talk about the Boston bombings is at 6:25 8:25 . We feel

Watching the news and God Bless the People of Boston .

Good morning got to pray for what happened in Boston #boston

Boston-based design team awarded contract to make Syracuse 's Wyoming Street an urban playspace #ConnectiveCorridor

Prayers and positive energy to the families of the aggrieved and the people of Boston .

Our association mourns the loss of those killed in Boston , and offers condolences and deepest sympathy to the families .

i would n't know what to write about 1d that would be appropriate to college and I do n't know enough about boston

Yesterday was #tragic . All we can do is stick together stay strong . Heart goes out to all of the #runners #Boston . Stay Strong America !

Boston explosions : ` Please do n't be Arabs or Muslims ' via

At least no one else died overnight at Boston .

FCO updates travel advice after Boston terror blasts -

Boston was idiots bombing :-RRB- earthquake is a natural disaster .

Im sorry to hear abt boston tragedy today #prayforboston

just sent in this photo of local runners doing a silent run after the Boston Marathon bombings :

Starting to think , was it north korea who bombed boston ?

While y' all praying for Boston , pray for your families , may they never have to deal with anything of the

Boston Bombing Conspiracy Theories : 5 Facts You Need to Know | HEAVY

Does it really matter if the Boston Bombing is foreign or domestic terrorism ?

and i 'm glad my mom is n't interested in boston ! :P has your dad run it before ??

Home searched in nearby town : Authorities plead for help in hunting down whoever bombed the Boston Marathon . FULL STORY | BLOG | #TFB

Some of the pictures of the Boston explosions are horrific .

Morning world . Prayers still with the victims of yesterday 's Event # Boston

I 'm so sad . Many people around the world suspect that the Boston bomber are Muslim . I 'm Muslim and my brother and si

#boston people may be seen as cold , but I did n't see any coldness with those who ran towards the blast to help the injured

What did #Boston explosion accomplish ? a little boy killed by ignorance #martinrichard

Thoughts Prayers Go Out to the People of Boston All of Those That Were Killed or Injured Yesterday

Wow she 's on a roll today , now she wants to know if the Boston bombers are terrorists !? Well yeah , they are blowing people up ! Fuck sake

The Usual Suspects : Hamas , Islamic Jihad and Hezbollah Cheer Boston Marathon Bombings

Wearing one of my race t-shirts today to support and remember those affected in Boston yesterday . #prayforboston 3

And then even then I sound like a whiny bitch . My life is n't that shit compared to what happened in Boston . My prayers go out for you .

10 Amazing Stupid Pictures , Gifs Quotes From Twitter About The Boston Marathon Bombing

Wearing a running race T to honor those in Boston today #runforboston #runchat

NBC 's Pete Williams cites law enforcement source , no unexploded devices located in Boston . Only bombs were two along finish line .

Wish I could fly to Boston and hug and kiss my family and friends I love you ! #prayers4Boston

Ew school again . I know people are gon na talk about boston Its gon na suck .

It 's amazing , nearly 30 ppl dead in #iraq today and no one cares , but world 's media gone crazy with #Boston bombs . Are n't

tuh kan. . Boston is Taecyeon 's hometown

And travel mercies to all the Boston Marathon runners making their respective ways home today .

How about we ask Boston if they think the new gun laws are working ???!

POTUS Must State Boston Bombing As Terrorist Attack-It Does n't Matter If Its domestic Or International

We had one runner participating in the Boston Marathon on behalf of the Meningitis Trust and we can confirm he is s

More than 130 SC runners were in Boston Marathon

Glad to hear you 're okay . Sending lots of love and prayers your way . #boston

Fall Out Boy To Donate Proceeds From Boston Arena Show To Marathon Bombing Victims

Prayers go out to Boston n da families dats suffering from dat crazy situation !!!

Full listing of Mississippians who participated in Boston Marathon at

The smoke has n't cleared in Boston and is about to have a unionist on about bombs here in the 80s . What chance do we have ?

R2N 's Prayers goes out to those in Boston

The earthquake is a conspiracy theory to steal the limelight from the boston marathon .

So it only took three hours before a known Douchbag posted on my FB feed that the Boston Bombing was a government operation to suppress us !

After losing a son in Iraq and another to suicide , couple sees carnage from the VIP stands at the marathon #Boston

Our Prayers go out to you all in Boston .

Prayers go out to boston god be with you ! 3 #prayingforboston #prayersforboston

My Heart and prayers go out to all those effected by the bombings in Boston .

Well it looks like The Saudi 's are the ones America are blaiming for The Boston Bombs .

#PrayforBoston Ca n't believe an 8 year old girl running the marathon for charity was killed . It 's so heart breaking .

How long till the conspiracy theorists claim the Iranian earthquake was caused by the USA in revenge for the Boston b

` Tell me that you 're safe : ' Frederick County residents in Boston reach relatives - The Frederick News-Post

A great sadness in Boston and our country . My prayers this morning are for those who suffered yesterday !

Good morning Boston hey cock sucker we still getting up and goin to work #bostonforever #prayforboston

#Boston and now #Pakistan earthquake !! Lets just get excited for #Showtek 's and #Noisecontrollers #GetLoose release today !

National News : ` Please do n't be a Muslim ' : CAIR , others respond to Boston bombings on Twitter

Kzoo Area Runners planning a 1/2 mile run in honor of runners that didnt get to finish the last 1/2 mile in #boston http

thinking about you sis , and hoping that you and Boston have a safe day today . Boston will recover and be as strong as ever

BONJOUR HAITI . PENSEE SPECIALE POUR LES VICTIMES DE L'EXPLOSION DE BOSTON .

me too prayers to Boston Marathon

If another dick head makes a joke about what happened in Boston I 'm gon na hurt them #justdont #horrible

Just lit a candle for the 8 year-old victim of the Boston tragedy . My heart is so broken . See you in heaven , dear soul .

JESTINA GEORGE : LONDON MARATHON SECURITY RENEWED FOLLOWING BOSTON

Boston PD : Newbury Street has been reopened .

My thoughts are with the victims and everyone affected by yesterday 's tragic events at the Boston Marathon .

Hearing about the effects on the bombing in Boston makes me sick #PrayForBoston

My thoughts and prayers r with the folks of Boston and the families of those injured .

Heartfelt2 #Boston terrible , child deathsinjuries ! ThankGods something instead of #Thatcher Glad #USPresident being mesured unlike #GWBush

Carmelo Anthony : ` Different ' New York Knicks out for payback against Boston

This is so very cool . Love you , Boston .

To think that I had Friends and Family that live in Boston just freaks me out . I wan na know how they are doing . .

To everyone that has sent positive messages prayers to the city of Boston we thank you !

Who would even do something like that at a marathon ? #prayforboston

Am I reading this right ? Liverpool fans Grieving over Boston , claiming it theirs as it 's the same date as Hillsborough ?

#did they ever find out what blew up in Boston ! ; /

RedCross Safe Well is active in Boston . Individuals can register as safe or search for loved ones

Boston blasts a warning for Sochi Olympics : Russia #Sports

Can I talk to you for a minute from the perspective of a former runner about the Boston Marathon ? Many ca n't understand it . #perspective

Going to bed feeling that my world has ever so slightly changed . My thoughts with all those hurt in Boston . It feels ver

#GlobalWarming #Sea 5 Other Sports-related Attacks : Unfortunately , the Boston Marathon explosions are n't a uni

Central Ohio runners in Boston Marathon

Boston twin explosions initially look more like the work of domestic terrorists , researchers say via

Boston still the story and thoughts go out to everyone there . But futures point to rebound . Gold bouncing back too . Perhaps it 's bottomed ?

Keepin Boston as well as myself uplifted today . #PrayForNuney

they 've told people to set up time to donate in the future . They have enough in Boston but always need donations

Joule says it can now produce renewable gasoline jet fuel without biomass - Boston Business Journal

Boston Marathon explosions caught on video via News

It 's so sick to think that the person/people behind the Boston bombing are just going about their normal life today

Great write up on Boston ! I hope the media will spend as much time honoring the emergency staff and volunteers , for their help

Damn Was That Boston Bombing A Terrorist Attack ?

Police Search Boston-Area Apartment : via

shocking the depths that some cowards will go to . Thoughts and prayers are with Boston

Despite police refusing to acknowledge that they had any warning of the bombing attack on the Boston Marathon ,

USA Today Obama 's day : Searching for answers - President Obama and aides look for answers to the Boston Marathon

Boston Wants Answers in Deadly Blasts

Aboriginal Runner Emma Cameron Safe in Boston - Emma Cameron , an Aborginal athlete from Darwin , Australia , was set

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families that were effective in Boston , our RD and his family are safe . #run4boston

What you see from Boston is everyone running TOWARD explosion to help . People aiding stranded runners . The good alwa

The attack on the Boston Marathon is a game changer for global policing of open air major public events . We ht

MT First edition of this morning 's Boston Globe .

People are still fabricating stories regarding the Boston marathon bombing

Keeping those affected by the explosions at the Boston Marathon in our thoughts and prayers .

I have a heavy heart today . . oh #Boston

My thoughts and energy to people in Boston and there families going through these terrifying and tragic moments

As we remember the horrors in #Boston , we must also remember the 37 dead in Baghdad bombings yesterday . Every death is

Boston Marathon tragedy at Fox Sport

: Initial Statement on Boston Marathon Tragedy from Socialist Alternative

Have they identified the other two victims in Boston ? #bostonmarathon

Do n't think an explosion going off in Boston 's something to joke about considering its took life 's and injured 100s of people . Wise up !

Most beautiful city in the world . Love that dirty water #boston #bostonstrong

a teacher of mine was in the Boston Marathon yesterday . thank God he finished before the bomb went off . prayers for those dead/injured .

Video of Boston Marathon explosion - CBS News Video

If the Boston bombing is an attack from the terrorist I 'm smacking the shit out this Muslim nigga in my class

I dread to think what could 've happened if my brothers had run the Boston Marathon . . My love2 all the victims .

Did n't expect ESPN to cover this Boston bombing as much as they have been

Hm . Disappointing to see people creating ` tribute ' photos to Boston attack sharingthat have their name/URL on them . Self-serving , now ?

Carlos Arredondo : The tragic peace activist who ran to victims ' aid after Boston - The Independent

Disrespectful motherfucking kids ca n't shut their fucking mouth for a moment of silence for what happened in Boston ? This school needs help .

Wearing a race shirt today to support Boston Marathon . victims

Out of all the pgh radio coverage I heard this morning about Boston has the best . #focusonthegood

Himco Products Bombing at Boston Marathon : Two bombs exploded around 3p . m. today as runners approached the fin

are you guys going to wear Boston hats ?

Prayers going out to all affected by the tragedy in Boston . #boston #BostonBombings #usa

I needa paint a purple infinity symbol on my face for boston

I love this city . So sad that such a horrible event happened today in Boston #PrayForBoston

It 's a sad day in Boston , but rest assured , the sheep dogs were there when the dust cleared and will bring justice to this terrible event !

Hi Bruce . Hope you have a good day planned despite all the awful news from Boston .

47 Mississauga residents registered for Boston Marathon - if you are one , or know one , please contact us at jstewar

Bright sunny morning in Boston but do feel the darkness

Tuesday 's Daily Shorts . Do n't expect a world where the Boston Marathon Bombings do n't happen . In fact

Everyone near and around Boston today please watch out for unattended backpacks or bags and touch your bag constantly #prayforboston

So disgusted this morning . Blame the man who set the bombs in Boston . Not a religion or a group if people . #StopHating

Just saying , we muslims are as hurt and disgusted about what happened in Boston like the rest of you . Stop judging . #

A mother 's anguish as two of her sons lose legs in Boston Marathon terror attack :

Deepest Condolences to boston :-LRB- From the Philippines

Wanted to thank you for superb coverage of Boston . Solid stuff , that was better than the ` news ' guys , Jim McKay would be proud .

Meant Facebook in my previous tweet . Again , no TWBT promotion on either site today , out of respect for what transpired in Boston yesterday .

What happened in Boston just shows how fucked up the world is

4give my cynicismI 'm sure the city of Boston has a law against bombs going off in the cityevil exists ca n't be legislated

I would like to know #HowToHelp #Boston during this time . What can I do ? #love #peace #thanks

My prayers go to everyone affected by what happened in Boston !

The sun is shining this morning , and we trek forward . Ca n't hold us down . #boston

If you hate on a country please dont hurt the citizens like what happened in Boston . The citizens are innocent . They did nothing wrong . babi

Terrorist take credit for their actions . These were cowards that bombed Boston . Tea Party anti-tax idiots perhaps .

currently leading our coverage on #aje - I 'll be back on the streets of Boston shortly

Public Safety Director Troy Riggs offers some very good insight on the events in Boston .

I 'm praying for Boston and I give credit to the doctors who spent their entire lives training to treat the injured .

Just been reading about the terrible situation last night in Boston . Thoughts prayers with those injured affected . #BostonBombs

Right-wing terror attack most likely to blame for Boston outrage - The Independent via

The is donating free ambien to anyone affected by the Boston tragedy . Check local listings for any/all Chicago vs Indiana playoff games

Hope there give strength of boston bombings !!!

Pray for Boston followed me . . I am blessed #prayforboston

- Westboro might want to reconsider . The atmosphere here will not be hospitable . #Boston #BostonMarathon

The weather is misery and I have a sadness hangover from yesterday . Boston hit a little too close to home .

my dad almost went to work in boston yesterday to

Lord God pls 4give us4 hurting each other . May we repent of our sinsturn 2U ! Lets continue2pray 4 the ppl of Boston who r hurting right now

You were fabulous last night ! Everyone lifted some sad Boston spirits last night !

But I don ; t pay taxes in Boston .

My heart is heavy for Boston this AM . Prayer can oftentimes be one of the most powerful things to do . Psalm 34:18 #PrayForBoston

what exactly happened in boston ?! hehe

Prayers and thoughts goes out for them victims of the Boston Marathon bombing . :-LRB-

Bless the first responders in Boston who stood fast in the face of danger . Thoughts prayers with the victims families

TODAY - Wear a race shirt today from a run/walk in support of all the victims and their loved ones in Boston .

Tweeps want me to wear a race shirt to work to support Boston . Du n no what the Indy 500 has to do with any of this , but if it helps

My thoughts go out to all the people who lost their lives or lost the life of someone they love in the bombing in Bos

I 'm speechless ! All this violence is senseless . My heart goes out to all those affected by the bombings in Boston . #PrayForBoston

Terrorists do bombings , not Muslims . Open your eyes America . Do n't be an idiot . Know the facts first . #PrayForBoston . htt

RIP for the thousands of victims in syria iraq and Afghanistan and the 2 victims in Boston !! Retweet please

Thai police would hv run FROM the scene / The heroic first responders at the Boston Marathon bombings

Boston Massacre : The Red Politics Of Opportunism - Tea Party Command Center

You notice world is changing when on tv news they use mainly #Google #maps to show placedynamics of an event . #heartquake #Iran #Boston

Moment Of Boston Blasts Captured - Two Killed - Third Blast -LRB- FULL VIDEO -RRB-

Two tragedies happen in the space of two days The Boston Bombings and the earthquake in Iran Crazy . Thoughts with all .

Latest local , Canadian and U.S. coverage of the Boston Bombings . Coverage includes video , photos , maps , reaction :

My students are back home safe sound but still in shock after what they saw in #Boston #PrayForBoston

10 Boston Restaurants Where You Can Carbo-Load Before The Marathon

bookmarked : The Boston Marathon Bombing : Keep Calm and Carry On - Bruce Schneier - The Atlantic -

Peter Gammons on NOW with talking about the city of Boston and this horrible tragedy #EvanAndPhillips #SXMsports

Demand that Seth MacFarlane make a public accounting for his foreknowledge of the Boston Bombing

#Exclusive #interview - #Boston blasts : commissioner at press conference reiterated that there are no suspects

` Please do n't be a Muslim ' : CAIR , others respond to Boston bombings on Twitter | National News

A Saudi man was tackled and held by a civilian bystander in Boston because he was running away from the scene .

How ironic is it that a guy wit the last name REVERE makes a spectacular catch last night wit PRAY FOR BOSTON on his glove ?

Boston Marathon bombings : Suburban apartment searched - CBS News

The events in Boston very worrying tragic . I feel Gvt are foolhardy to pursue this all bar shouting state funeral

My heart is heavy for Boston ! Praying .

Yesterday , Boston . Today , Iran earthquake . HAARP ? #ConspiracyTheory CC :

3 people dead from the Boston explosion including a 8 year oldterrorist or not whoever did they should be put in the electric chair

That Is So Sad About the people in Boston I Think Its Just The Devil Working Cuz That Was Just So Cruel smh

Great piece if you have kids - Boston Marathon Explosions : Talking To Your Children

I follow my deeply of Sad of to shooted in the boston USA , I will the next do n't be shooted in boston USA again , and the family strongers --

RIP to the 3 lives lost in Boston and to all the people and families affected . Stay Strong .

Omgyou DID hire them bombers in Boston !!! SHAME ON WBC !!!

Are thoughts and prayers are with Boston and those impacted by yesterday 's tragedy .

Our hearts and prayers are with those who suffered from the Boston bombings Acts of ultimate selfishness will always render harm to others .

all my thoughts are with the women and men in boston

#loosewomen our thoughts are with the families of the victims and those injuredt at the Boston marathon

If you really want to understand #Boston and the meaning of the marathon , read this :

All markets crashed including precious metalslike Gold Silver wich are at a 3 year low today.Boston bombs go

Next year 's Boston Marathon is going to be the most emotional day ever for the city of Boston .

Our thoughts and prayers are with the people affected by this tragedy in Boston . #prayforboston

There was a man in Boston yesterday who 's girlfriend ran the marathon . He was waiting at the finish to propose , but she died . #prayforboston

Those are the fastest miles I have run in a while . Whole time thinking of Boston #prayforboston

The people responsible for the Boston explosions are nothing but fucking cowards send them to Mississippi and let us deal with them our way

BOSTON BOMBING INFORMATION - MAYORS OFFICE - 6176354500 . POLICE - 8004948477 GOD BLESS U BOSTON ! .

2 . Though she knew chicago was far away to boston , she still calls her to make sure she 's ok . Yeah!I have the sweetest mother in the world ! .

Everyone in Mr Goodmans class wear blue today to support the Boston victims #prayforboston #support

Theories on the Boston Bomber : First of all , my heart goes out to the friends and families and the city of Bos

Pats WR pledges to donate $ 100 for each '13 reception to Boston Marathon Relief Fund amp ; $ 200 for each drop .

Go on YouTube and the first videos are of the Boston Marathon explosions . Are we really that desensitized ?

Thinking of you guys and the whole city of Boston #bostonmarathon #staystrong

ARGH how are people still going on about Boston , 7/7 bombings was over in like 14hours people was back on buses and shit

Today I am thankful for my being alive and well in Boston

Remember that the best thing you can do today is ignore the speculation on who is responsible for Boston . Almost all of it will be wrong .

When they find out who cause the #bostonexplosions I will be the first to say bomb them . #prayforboston

Video : Boston Marathon runner captures finish line explosion -

Gagged by PRO-JIHAD OBAMA ADMIN . DHS Has Not Issued Terror Alert After Boston Marathon Bombing

I am so pissed at some of the so called directioners ! Blaming this innocent sweet guy for the Boston bomb -_- ill kick ass !

deep condolance for the Marathon tragedy in Boston #PrayforBoston

ok so now besides praying for Boston people are raving about praying for Afghanistan toohow about wepray for the world

Prayers out to the people of Boston . Bad to worse . Last days of the last days .

My heart goes to the people of Boston and the United states of America following the twin bomb explosion during the Boston marathon

How was the commute on the T today for those who took it into Boston ?

Our prayers are with everyone affected by the explosions in Boston .

Our hearts , thoughts and prayers go out to everyone impacted by today 's tragic events in Boston . #PrayMore

learned it from ze best : =-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- oy ung boston thingy na alala ko :'-LRB-

Much aroha to the people ov Boston ! Xx

This makes me so happy -- I took this photo of my friend Michelle during her triumphant -LRB- 3:30 ! -RRB- Boston run

Watching all this coverage on the news about what happened in Boston is upsetting . So hard to watch or even hear about . #PrayForBoston

Today on The Border Patrol Trenni Kusnierek -LRB- who was at the finish line of the Boston Marathon -RRB- at 7:30 am , htt

If you or someone you know is starting a collection to help those in Boston , please email us at somerse

Just herd about the Boston marathon . I was watching it until I had to go to school . : /

Our thoughts and prayers are with the people of Boston today and all of those affected by this terrible tragedy .

Boston bombings : India puts embassy , consulate general on alert : India has put its Embassy in Washington and t

I was terribly shocked with what happened in Boston . Terrorist Attack again ! Damn !

Stars Send Prayers to Victims of Boston Marathon Bombing : #prayforboston

Everybody 's so busy about boston tragedy . No one notice that palestine 's get fuckin ' bombed everyday

Do n't blame humanity for the incident in Boston . Blame the people who did it , then try to forgive like God would want you to do . Then pray

If your sitting behind your computer making up lies about shit that happened in Boston , you my dear deserved to be bombed , so disrespectful

I wonder who that bloke was on the roof top by the #Boston #Marathon #Explosions ??? #Conspiracies will start again

Having a daddy mad about marathons and triathlons , my deepest thoughts and prayers go to the families of the victims in Boston . #sadworld

Absolutely terrifying listening to Grant Cline 's take on from Boston right now on

` Please do n't be a Muslim ' : CAIR , others respond to Boston bombings on Twitter : Libyan Twitter user Hend Amry

1 John 4:7-21 Prayers for people of Boston . Even in tragedy , evil does not triumph . Perfect love , God 's love , casts o

how does someone turn off their humanity like that ? #Boston

No need to thank me just because I 'm in the military . I 'm just a staff weenie . Thank ppl like my cousin , Mike , a Boston f

Boston Marathon Bombing -- Hip-Hop Reacts

Prediction : there will be a record number of entries into the 2014 Boston Marathon . #Resilient

Omg pray for Boston omg cause us Americans are so much more important all of a sudden than the genocides , famines and millions of deaths . .

What happened at the Boston Marathon was horrible . But it is n't your opportunity to make up stories with pictures so you can get retweets .

New at HDNews : Kansas surgeon aids wounded at Boston Marathon

I 'm at John Adams Courthouse -LRB- Boston , MA -RRB-

The more I read about Boston , the scarier it becomes #prayforBoston

Prayers go out to all the people affected my this horrible act in Boston

Directioners , lets just pray for the sake of the people in Boston !! :'-LRB- ~ Denise1D/trial

now relaxing time for #boston earthquake is the new discussn

What , now we have to endure long stupid discussions of whether Obama 's wording makes the Boston attack terrorism ?? #NotEnoughActualNews ??

Official Boston Marathon Bombing Story

Sad day in America ! Thoughts and prayers for the people of Boston ! Even this wo n't hold you down !

Solidarity run tomorrow for Boston victims . Who wants to join ? #prayforboston

Photo : Pray for Boston . Last night after a day spent inside a set filming with no service we were completely

My condolences to the victims of the Boston bombings . As for the one which set off the explosive , karma will hit you extremely hard !!!

#Boston Marathon bomb blasts kill at least three , leave scores injured via

Boston Marathon Bombing : I know alot you all have seen in the news about the two explosions that happened d

Still no update on who was behind this attack . May justice strike hard and true for the victims of Boston .

I just ca n't imagine , my dear . Too close to home ! #boston Prayers for strength and comfort to all .

You may have seen the photo of the older marathon runner knocked to the ground after the blasts in Boston , but

Stop screaming Boston this Boston that ! Do yur self sum good and go back to yur hood stop typing and get to writing for tho

I 'm so thankful for my life and those in it . I could n't imagine what #Boston is going through . #prayforboston

Well I love that dirty waterOh , Boston you 're my homeOh , you 're the number one place #fb

Lots of US friends posting this quote in response to #boston . I find it moving , and will tell my girls the same .

Trip to Boston cancelled today for obvious reasons . God Bless all those who were killed or injured yesterday .

Whats wrong with the world ! So sad hearing about the Boston bombings #prayforboston

Horror at the Boston Marathon | Daily News | #NCRegister

In Boston the Marathon is a full blown media event even without the explosions . So reaction time is nil

Boston bombing #please keep praying . # for them who are hurt . #for them who has lost someone .

Here at S3 we will not be commenting on the Horrible events that took place in Boston yesterday . Our hearts -LRB- yes

i feel sorry for the people injured in the boston marathon explosion world isnt safe anymore #prayforboston

Off to bed , thoughts are with the people of #Boston tonight , stay safe people and remember love conquers all , haters are a minority

Our hearts go out to all the runners , their friends and family and the people of Boston .

would like to state for record that Twitter delivered news of Boston quicker , clearer and better than any news channel yesterday #thefuture

Crying on the bus . Just reading about the little boy who was one of the 3 people who died in Boston yesterday . Such tragedy #prayforboston

Boston Marathon : eight-year-old victim named - via

OHMYGOD I 'M SO ANGRY AT THE TERRORISTS WHO PUT THE BOMB IN BOSTON MARATHON ONE 8-YEAR-OLD IS DEAD FOR GOD 'S SAKE !!!!!!

patut laa kat Boston ade letupan bom . .

after iraq and boston car bombing . . this circus around Hird seems irrelevant .

I 'll run . Boston is an amazing experience next year only more so .

Facebook is sick already pictures of people injured in Boston with made up stories to them for likes and shares

#topstories Guide to the bombing at the Boston Marathon -LRB- Associated Press -RRB- : Share With Friends : | | Top News

Is there going to be a minutes silence at all the games at the weekend for the Boston tragedy ? #prayforboston

Woke up blessed and praying for the best for Boston

Kind of like how I felt on 9/11sicker the day after then the day ofFeeling safe in America used to be what we were known for #Boston

I feel for Boston but think we should be aware that we are responsible for far more loss in other lands .

Praying for both iraq and boston . Got a homie out there in boston hopefully he wasnt there

There IS something to be said about media bias , but it 's not the time or place . The Boston marathon was always about a celebration of life

Report : Child killed in Boston blasts ID 'd

NYPD Steps Up Security In Wake Of Boston Marathon Explosion | Classic Soul Radio

lets pray for healing , both mental n physical for those injured n killed , #iraq #boston in Jesus name

Boston Marathon : Bomb Sniffing Dogs , Spotters on Roofs Before Explosions

Have a coffee meeting this morning . About the only thing to tear me away from #Boston

he was incredible and made me proud to be from Boston

World Leaders Condemn Boston Bomb Attack : WATCH : At least three people died and more than 140 were said to be

Our thoughts go out to those affected by the Boston marathon explosions . Such an awful tragedy . #bostonmarathon

Local Right Wing Radio is backing off Boston Marathon story can only mean somebody white did it ! #bostonmarathon

Thankful that my brothers family was not hurt in the Boston bombing ! #GodBlessBoston

The Boston Marathon bombings has made bigger news than a british soldier makes when he or she is killed out in afghanistan . Well done

Three friends ran the Boston marathon . Three friends are coming home . Prayers for the victims

Take a moment today to pray for those affected by what occurred yesterday in Boston and also what occurred at

We can not allow Boston to be used as another excuse for more surveillance and intrusive searches , less freedom to go about our business . #p2

Boston Marathon bombings : Suburban apartment searched - CBS News : CBS NewsBoston Marathon bombings : Suburban a

is n't buried yet yr concern is how Obama said what he said.Let 's know if they ignored memos of Boston attack/went 2 Iraq

The Boston tragedy broke Taylor 's heart . Why are people so mean ? #prayforboston

MIM Rnd 2 8a-9a ESPN 1540 KNR2 / Talking to BOSTON radio and TONY GROSSI ! Recat 216523-1540 .

Wholetime , I forgot about Boston . The scary part is that can happen here in #DMV

If westboro baptist church pickets the funerals from the Boston bombing like they say they will , someone is going to ki

What 's Happening ? Boston Blast , Tremors felt in Iran and North India , prayers 2 human across d globe . Seems God s partying at Heaven Hell .

What are we supposed to wear to support Boston ? Bc I 've heard 10 different things now . .

What happened in Boston was terrible , my thoughts go to all the affected families :-LRB-

Acknowledging our human connections in Boston and holding them in heart and mind 3

These people will restore your faith in humanity : Boston Marathon Tragedy Met With Unbelievable Acts Of Kindness .

The Aftermath of Boston : First Victim Identified : The city of Boston is waking up to the aftermath of

Martin Richard , 8 , killed in Boston Marathon blast - U.S. News #VerifierSesSources

Sending love , light and prayers to the families of Boston .

This kind of stuff should never happen ! #Boston #staystrong My thoughts go to all the family 's ! #PrayersForBoston

Latest Reddit live update thread on the #Boston Marathon explosions .

abc was as well . And the mayor of Boston said so as well in his speech .

Wearing black shirt to mourn the lost of innocent lives yesterday in Boston . God Bless the Heroes who took care of the injured .

Praying for #Boston victims today . Also afraid of #Fearmongering that will follow .

New Blog Post : How to Help the Victims of the Boston Explosion

FBI Leads Search After Boston Marathon Bombing |

Just watched the Boston bomb video SMH So fucking crazy . #Heartbreaking #PrayforBoston

#Amendola : I will DONATE 100 for EVERY pass I catch next season to whatever Boston Marathon Relief Fund there is . 200 for any dropped pass

Thoughts and prayers to our friends and Family in Boston !

#youtube VIDEO : Boston Marathon Explosion , People Injured , Pictures

Many thanks to for joining us live from #boston

telling jokes or trying to gain followers off the Boston situation is bad form !! STOP put yourself there for 10 mins . . #ThatIsAll

Are schools in Boston still going on today ? Or are kids staying home ? Cuz real talk everyone should stay home with their family today

I am devastated about the incident In Boston . I hope everyone is praying for them . Many were killed and many were injured .

idgaf fucc boston and those bombs . . niggas houses blow up in bwood Do you see PRAY FOR LONG ISLAND ?!

It was a terrible tragedy in Boston yesterday but sports shows should talk sports and not be busy with this I can listen to news stations to

PRAYERS for the victims of Boston marathon explosion.God have mercy on us .

watching the coverage on this Boston marathon smh .

Photo of child killed in Boston Marathon bombing -LRB- WHDH -RRB- -

boston bombings , wtf : / rest in peice the people that died throughout that x

Horrific images from Boston Marathon bombing : The Boston Marathon , one of the oldest and most prestigious mara

Tonight on our US Bureau Chief will be live in Boston with full coverage of the attacks

More on the little boy killed in Boston Marathon bombings

What 's going on in the world ? The Boston Marathon bombings then 55 killed in Iraq in a weekca n't imagine what our kids will grow up in .

Iraq bombs happen all the time , Boston does n't this is why ones a headline one is n't , both are terrible and should be

West Boro Baptist church can suck my country pirate dick for their plans to protest the Boston Marathon funerals . You sick fuckers !

WBC is gon na picket the funerals of the Boston bomb victims ? Reddit seems to have the appropriate response

Woke up this morning with Boston on my mind , MAY GOD BLESS !

I just donated to Boston Marathon Victims Fund via

Thoughts are with all the family 's that have suffered #Boston

Concerning Boston this morning what keeps going through my mind is immigration our borders .

April 15th ?? Titanic sank , the dead of Abraham Lincoln , now the Boston marathon . . what do you expect ?? Konspirasi Segi Tiga Satu Mata .

My heart goes out to the city of Boston . May God Bless You During This Difficult Time .

#Italy ramps up security at #US sites after #Boston bombings = Airports consulates universities on heightened watch htt

#PrayingForBoston Praying for everyone effected at the Boston Marathon yesterday .

Not a surprise a terrific piece by on the Boston Marathon

So why is the US giving Saudis a fast pass at the airports since many were 9/11 hijackers and more ? Boston too ?

Thanks boss ! #Boston would appreciate your sentiments

Our thoughts go out to everyone affected by yesterday 's tragedy in Boston .

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims of the bombings in Boston .

Boston Marathon bombs : live : Three people have been confirmed dead and more than 140 injured following a coordinated bombing at the B

Flint 's Crim Festival of Races to review security after Boston Marathon bombing #MI #sports

Boston tragedy : Harry Styles , Miley Cyrus , Nathan Sykes and more tweet shock and sadness after marathon bombing

People are starting to make jokes about the Boston Bombing . WTF Internet ?

1st bombing in Boston now an earthquake in Iran .

condolences to the 8 year old boy the other 2 who was killed in the Boston twin bombings :--LRB- #prayforboston

if you look at sudan 's , iraq 's , and palestine 's mess , will you pray for boston ? karma always exist .

I wonder which low budget movie the white house is going to blame the Boston tragedy on

Deepest of condolences to all who were harmed or had loved ones harmed in the explosions at the Boston Marathon today .

In Pics : When the cheers turned to screams and panic #Boston

Feeling very sorry for everyone in Boston :-LRB-

You 've got to wonder how much attention Chris Stevens , Sean Smith , Glen Doherty and Tyrone Woods would have gotten had they died in Boston .

Korea hits boston americans are crying over their families . I do n't feel sorry for them , they did the same to palestine , they deserve it .

Today our thoughts prayers go out to those in Boston those whose lives were lost 6 years ago . #WeAreVT #PrayersForBoston #EndALZ

Boston marathon explosion : Eyewitness report w/the Arredondos , friends of the Smedley VFP Chapter : via

I 'd rather listen to rap music then continue to hear about the Boston marathon bombing .

Props 2 the brave members of the Boston Fire Dept , Police , Doctors , EMTs . They ran TOWARD the explosion to save li

NY Knicks ' loss to Charlotte Bobcats takes backseat to Boston Celtics playoff

WAKE UP THINKIN JESUS FOR THE DAYS AN PRAYERS TO BOSTON #yeslawd

Pray with me for Boston people . Give thanks to the almighty .

I 'm at Gas Tank -LRB- Boston , MA -RRB-

who is saying Zayn Bomb Boston ? I 'm sorry but he and the boys are n't even in Boston first of all .

Prayers up for the victims in #Boston . This World is crazy . Never know what 's gon na happen . Smh

What happened in Boston will be deemed a terrorist act and will be used to take away more of our rights motivate us to go to war

We are all thinking about the events in Boston yesterday and the families/friends who were lost or injured . We

Croats not among victims of Boston blasts

After yesterdays Boston tragedy , my thoughts prayers are with anyone , in any town in any country that experience

apparently he was at the finishing line in Boston and his hair was still fine .

Boston Marathon is a global sporting event , of course it 's going to get news coverage ! #bostonmarathon #calmdown

Proud to be from Boston ! Lovestrengthand fiercely protective .

Cried listening to stories about boston while driving to work this morning , I hate that I 'm bringing landyn up in such a terrible world .

Ooops da typo on the Boston tweet though

thanx :-RRB- my boyfriend is scared to go to fiesta due to the bombing in Boston

nigga stop and put yourself in iran for 10 mins and stfu about boston

Its disgusting that people are making up stories and images about the Boston bombing to get likes , dont believe everything . #BostonMarathon

Pray for those in critical condition going into surgery today due to the bombings at the Boston Marathon today

Small girl yg killed on boston 's blast tu amatlah comel . #prayforher

oh , no . where is Revere , a part of Boston ?

Good morning Boston ! You 're in my thoughts and prayers . Stay Strong ! They are the cowards , you be the HEROS . #Peace

Boston blast prompts security review for London Marathon #Truth #Freedom

Tweet Boston : I saw the boom

Iran after Boston , eh ? that 's just . . too much .

Our thoughts and prayers are with all those affected by the tragedy that happens in Boston .

Immigration plan rollout is also likely to be delayed in wake of Boston bombings .

Heartbreaking incident in Boston occurred . I pray for the souls of those who died .

WNZ : Cena Comments on Boston Bombings , Ryback Taunts Cena , Del Rio - #WWE #TNA

Everything that happened in #Boston is too bloody horrible to bear . When will innocent people be safe ? . .

dis horror in Boston da water problems

Praying this morning over every person that was affected by the Boston bombings . #prayforboston

We are here , but our hearts are in Boston .

I 'm at MBTA Dudley Square Station -LRB- Boston , MA -RRB-

I hope they find the #heartless people behind the #terror in #boston and it would n't bother me if they had a #publichanging for them

Sitting here eating lunch and this disgusting prick is making jokes about the boston bombings , it 's making me livid .

Lord please be with every soul in Boston

Photos : Boston Marathon , finalists ran back to help victims -LRB- Video -RRB- -LRB- pls

Waiting for generational change when these relig . fanatics -LRB- bent on killing innocent -RRB- , are all things of past . My heart goes to #Boston

OUR PRAYERS are with those families in the terrible incident of the Boston Marathon Explosions via

People go to school , get shotPeople go to the cinema , get shot People run a marathon , get bombedFuck this world #prayfor

Wearing purple to support Boston today

I will like to thank god for letting me and my love ones and friends see another day . An ask god to watch over Boston today .

I found out this morning that there was a bomb found right near my uncle 's apartment that did n't go off . So thankful he 's ok #prayforboston

Excellent advice from on what how to tweet -LRB- what not to tweet -RRB- during crisis such as Boston bl

#iIllumunati did the Boston Marathon Bombing in my opinion , they are doing it to blame Muslims since Islam is their

And mor important my uncle was in Boston cheering on my cousin who tan the marathon with cousin 's daughter , he ran race and all are safe !

Is anyone taking responsibility for the Boston bombs yet ? Assholes do this and hide , it 's the only way to get at the U.S.A.

Prayers 4 #Boston going through the tragedy so sad #Prayers 4 #Iran #Pakistan dealing with 8.0 #earthquake = #peaceonearth #izmt

How long before Obama steps up and uses the victims of #Boston to further his own agenda ? #FalseFlag

Hope they find the fucker that bombed Boston

Re Boston : We do n't comment on individual terror incidents unless a military operation is involved .

Our hearts go out to families effected by the awful Boston Marathon bombing . This madness needs to end . #prayforboston

Bless her little heart , as well as her family and everyone else in Boston and elsewhere affected by this

No , not a lot on Boston , but why would there be ? Not only is it several 1000 miles away , but they have their own tragedies/issues to report .

Iran Strongly Condemns Boston Blasts : A Source of Sorrow

wore my shirt last night on my route in solidarity . 3 to Boston . .

Many thanks to Grant Cline who joined us from Boston and his first hand account of what happened . Chilling .

JSUIS VENERE LA . D'OU LES GENS DISENT QUE CEST A CAUSE DE ZAYN CE QUI SE PASSE A BOSTON ?

May our thoughts and prayers go out to those affected by the events yesterday in Boston . Yet another senseless

Boston #PrayforBoston This is for you today Boston !! Much love and many prayers !!

Can not even take the radio right now . #Boston

Idk whats more sad . What happened in Boston or the people posting videos of what happened . ? #sick

Prayers to the people of Boston and we wonder why Israel fears a nuclear Iran ?

The 4 Newcastle parkrunners running Boston are safe . Here is my story - Thoughts to the families who have lost so much

Coverage from Boston is making me angry enoigh to shake . It 's tragic that a child was killed , but why are people ignoring other victim -LRB- s -RRB- ?

Iran a terror state condemns the Boston bombing ? Laughable . Hizbollah et al are dancing in the states - supported by Iran .

the incident that happened in boston is serious and they even dare to try to involve zayn im so done what is this world .

Idk but the Boston Bombing permanently changed my personality

People are making Boston jokes already !! #terrible

First a bombing in Boston with 2 dead and like 100 something injured , now an earthquake in Iran and Pakistan with 40 dead . #sosad

Find the bastards who did this in Boston . My thoughts to all the families there . God Bless them all .

so how about those fireworks yesterday in boston

Investigators seek suspects , motive a day after #Boston bombings kill 3 -

Suffolk Cty courts -LRB- Boston -RRB- are accessible , but travel/parking expected to be difficult today . Possible additional delays , we will update .

Good Morning to All . An Feel Sorry for those in Boston . Hope they Get the People Involve .

So difficult to pry myself away from Boston tragedy . It feels paralyzing . Pray for human beings all over the world who see this every day

North Korea Tension , Boston Bombing and Earthquake in Iran . #nothingtofear

All that bullshit on twitter about Boston , every tom , Dick and harry crying like bitches yet dont give a fuck for #Gaza #Iraq #Syria #FAKE

All the people in Boston that were staying and helping total strangers instead of running for their own safety give m

From CBS : London Marathon to go ahead after Boston bombings : Determined to put on a show of ' #olympic #sports

Spanish translation of Cardinal O'Malley 's Declaration on Boston Attack

Praying for those who were lost in Boston yesterday ! Take them to your precious kingdom Lord . Amen

think about it the Boston bombing was not even 20 hours ago and they already probably have a ball park clue who it is #TheyDontFuckAround

My thoughts still with Boston ! Let God heal . . Let #love take over ! #Shocker #Pray4Boston

Guy from my work finished the Boston marathon 11 minutes before the first explosion . Was 1 block away when the bombs went off

Hi everyone in asking everyone i know and do n't know to pray and reach out for the people of Boston in there time of need

Our love and thoughts are with everyone in #Boston affected by the explosions xx

My thoughts and prayers are with all of those affected by the tragedy in Boston yesterday .

BREAKING NEWS : 2 More Explosive Devices Found Near Boston Marathon M : Officials find two more explosive devices near finish line

Just so wrong . Video of the Boston blasts

Please read ! Boston Bombing Is a Tragedy , But Let 's Not Rush to Blame Muslims or People of Arab Descent | Alternet

Praying for the Boston Marathon victims and families . . Why ca n't we just love ?

I am deeply saddened by the tragedies at yesterday 's Boston marathon . My thoughts are with all those impacted .

Right-wing terror attack most likely to blame for Boston outrage , says counter-terrorism expert . #BostonMarathon ht

Boston explosion : Saudi national held as suspect in hospital -LRB- Report -RRB- : Three people are dead vi

I heard the terrible news about Boston.We all pray for America . And no matter where you are , wish you are fine . Best Regards .

The World Baseball Softball Family offer our sorrow solidarity for Boston Athletics World but esp for vict

may you see the tragedy boston , you will immediately blame us Muslims.but you need to look at reality , our real reason massacred by terrorists

Thinking and praying for the victims of yesterday 's devastation in Boston.So cruel and unnecessary

PIC : Nice show of Chicago love/support to the city of Boston in today 's

What a day it is today , bomblast in Boston , earthquake in Iran-Pakistan and #pornban in India . . It 's an incredible CHUSDAY

This Boston tragedy should let y' all know , life is short and no on knows the day nor time , it may end

these fake pictures about the Boston tragedy are rediculous .

good morning ! blessed to see another day . keeping Boston in my prayers .

#prayforBoston . Marathon bom in Boston . This is just like marathon tears in our eyes .

I 'm hiring ! Regional Sales Manager - Payroll at SafeGuard World International - Greater Boston Area #jobs

As we peel back what happen Marathon let us remember that we r resilient and wont allow hate to invade our world and r way of life

I still ca n't believe what happened in Boston , my heart and thoughts go out to everyone affected by it . #Prayforboston

I WUDNT B SUPRISED IF BOSTON BEAT THE KNICKS

This world is crazy : yesterday the Boston bombings , today the earthquake in Iran and Pakistan

Events like Boston and Newtown should really put other things in perspective .

But the Boston community and running community are some of the strongest you 'll ever know . They 'll rise up like you 've never seen .

Good morning tweeps and #GrizzNation it 's Tues that means 4 days till #Playoffs but lets keep Boston in our thoughts today . #Pray4Boston

Tues. topic : What is your day-after reaction to the tragedy that took place in Boston ? Please remember to keep victims/families in prayers .

Strength prayers to those in Boston impacted by the cowardly attack . People of Boston are proud , tough resilien

This one 's for Boston . I just finished a 7.11 km run with Nike + Running . #nikeplus

Hey Friendsyour doing overkill on this Boston bombing and you need to give us other news as well

Having grown up in Boston - there 's one thing I know : we are resilient , and TOUGH ! We 'll get through this together . #prayfo

Daniel L. McCaughan supports fellow Americans in Boston TERRORIST ATTACK . Semper fi ! via

Rich , prayers to all affected . The coward who did this is going to reel the wrath of Boston soon

Traffic Alert : Boston : I-93N just inside tunnel , accident . Left lane blocked .

When light shines on darkness , darkness must go ! It 's time to shine folks . #Boston # 9-11 #Bengazi

My heart goes out to everyone in both Boston and Iran . Tragedy speaks every language .

Newton/Boston Jobs Outpatient Business Office Manager at Five Star Quality Care -LRB- Newton , MA -RRB-

Let 's find the jackals responsible for this horrible action in Boston

Just heard on talking about being in Boston yesterday . Great job . And glad you 're back home safe .

Boston Marathon Reviews - The Race , Boston Bombing Information and Updates , London Marathon Still On ! Morning Editi

Thoughts and prayers with both Boston and Iraq today - both places suffering at the hands of human evil .

What happened to Boston ? Seriously I have no idea .

I am more excited than ever to be running the Run to Remember in Boston next month !

Boston attack is obama 's 9/11 , why arent we destroying N.Korea and the middle east ?

How can people say muslims were behind the boston marathon attack . Do n't let your ears witness what your eyes did n't see .

Wearing purple today in honor of Boston . / 3

Word . Hard for those with running connections , hard for those of us with Boston connectionshard all around . Ugh .

Wear a race shirt today to show your support for Boston .

The kid who died in the Boston marathon bombing was a boy . So you can stop reposting pictures of that little girl since she is n't even dead .

Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield tweeted a picture of Boston from space to offer condolences .

Berita terpopuler : UN , Boston , Eyang !

Sending my thoughts to Boston , my heart is with you all ! Pray For Boston

Spain 's Boston consul caused outrage with his decision to close ` early ' on Monday :

To all of you who are tweeting Pray For Boston , i hope you prayed for the victims and the family instead of acting lik

Correction : #Israeli consulate event in Boston not cancelled . Will go on as planned Tuesday night . Other event in Newton

#Boston , #BostonMarathon we are with you ! Do n't weaken , that 's what they want . Be brave , be strong , be #american

It 's sad that people are making up stories about people involved in the Boston Explosions just to get retweets on twitter . Pathetic .

I have n't written much in the way of my thoughts about the Boston Marathon tragedy . My heart goes out to everyone

oh okay thank god . I hope all of you are okay . Also the people in Boston :'-LRB-

We are all OK in Boston but our thoughts and prayers are with those who suffered as a result of yesterday 's horrific tragedy .

Sun-Times : Today 's front page : What Boston attacks mean for Chicago Marathon , Rick Telander

Image Several bags removed from suburban Boston apartment , authorities wo n't comment on items

Why would they do us like tht ? Praying for boston

Our deepest sympathy for Boston Bombing attack from people in Indonesia . #prayforboston

After Boston Bombing , Massive tremors felt in Delhi , Whats Happening ?

Good Morning ! Hopefully , we 're keeping each other , including the one 's responsible for the horrific attack in Boston , in prayer .

Our thoughts are with everyone affected by the senseless tragedy in Boston . Many were running to raise funds for

The Boston Marathon the other day shows that running is bad for you !

I feel bad for those affected by the Boston tragedy . Apparently , according to some of the atheist in our communit

Thanking God for another day !! Our prayers are with Boston and everyone involved in the awful event yesterday !

Yesterday Boston . Today Iran . Eternal rest grant them . Let ur perpetual light shine on them . May they rest in peace .

I will never understand what anyone could get out of attacking innocent people.My heart goes out to all victims . #Boston

Coast To Coast Am - April 15 2013 - Boston Bombing Special - C2CAM Daily - YouTube

Beautiful song , Boston by Mick Flannery #thoughtswithpeopleofboston

So hard to watch this attack in Boston , but I just ca n't stop watching it .

No doubt the perpetrator of Boston attacks believes that an invisible man in the sky supported it . Surely time to educate otherwise #atheism

Patriots WR Danny Amendola to donate 100 $ for every pass caught and 200 $ for every pass dropped to help victims of boston bombing tragedy

God Bless the #BostonPolice #BostonFireDept and #FBI who are the true heroes and champions and the back bone strength of #Boston

Keeping Boston in my prayers . Hope the ones that were inquired make a fast safe recovery . #PrayersForBoston

Earthquake 7.7 Shook Iran a week ago shook another part of Iran this hours ago Boston 's bombing . What 's happening ? #PrayForBostonAndIran

Boston bombings : those responsible will ` feel full weight of justice ' , says President Obama

Thoughts are with all in Boston - including 455 registered runners from North Carolina and their families

preying for the people in Boston my love go out to them and they family

Sky News - Boston Marathon Explosions : Three Dead

April 15th has had Titanic , Hillsborough and now Boston

Sending our thoughts to all those affected by the tragic events in Boston #bostonmarathon

Twin bomb blasts in Boston Marathon kills 2 , injures 23 via

I maybe not a directioner and I know that i 've been hating on 1D but seriously you says that Zayn Malik bombed Boston ?

I 'm wearing a meet shirt and my skinny sweats for the people affected in Boston

Pundit Press : Mounir Rhoulam Suspected in Boston Marathon Bombing Cops could hv raided his plac

times like this i am more motivated than ever to go to med school and become a trauma surgeon . . what i would give to be helping in boston

#SuryaRay #India No reports of any Indians injured in Boston blasts : There are no reports as yet of any

Amazing story . The Man in the Cowboy Hat : Meet Carlos Arredondo , a Hero of the Boston Bombings

Boston Marathon bombing : post with ongoing updates and video .

Boston Marathon bombings Suburban apartment searchd

Our deepest condolence goes out to the City of Boston , the Victims of the bombings yesterday

# R.I.P to the 8 year-old girl who died in Boston 's explosions , while running for the Sandy Hook kids #prayforboston h

Hi Claire would you be willing to talk to us at LOOK magazine in the UK about the Boston marathon ?

lol in class , somebody alarm went off and this boy yelled #BOSTON !!!!

People in Boston have died and lost their legs and people are missing . Just shut the fuck up they have it a lot worse

Talking To Your Kids About Boston Marathon Tragedy : Here are some strategies for discussing the news with your htt

Wow , ppl immediately blamed Obama for what happened in Boston ? Damn

Seen 2 celebs slated on twitter for posting fun stuff after Boston . I dont expect a magician to be the BBC . They dont provide breaking news

#wearpurpleforboston To show respect for all the people who died in the bombings . #prayforboston / 3

We want to start today by sending deepest sympathies to those affected by yesterday 's tragic events in Boston . Thou

Boston Marathon Bomber Loose as Authorities Race for Clues : Hundreds of U.S. law enforcement agents are racing

To the individuals who bombed Boston . Cowards .

Fuck . What are people thinking why boston go bomb cali or sumthing leave boston alone . #prayforboston #repinboston

Remember this picture when you want to be politically correct and not offend anyone . 8 yr old boy killed in Boston

Song of the Day!Between Boston and VT , it 's a sad day all around . Needed something happy this morning

Wearing my Boston Bruins gearr cause #BOSTON 3

False alarm , everyone . Apparently we 're going to blame the bombings in Boston on Republicans . Because , you know . That

What an horror in Boston . . in which world are we living ? Which people could have been done that ?? #sadday

Our thoughts and prayers are with all in Boston xx

Dedicated my run this morning to the city of Boston , those injured , runners , family and friends . #bostonmarathon

God bless world !! Prays for Boston !

Our prayers go out to everyone in Boston . May they find strength in this time of strife .

Things I love about Boston : Dunkin Donuts . Seriously , cake donuts are the best . #LoveYouBoston

Hotels in boston , New York and Washington D.C have tightened security after #Boston #Marathon bombings

Our prayers are with everyone affected by the senseless bombings in Boston . To check on status of loved ones go to http

Boston blasts ' eye-witness recalls Mumbai attack

GM Edgers . discusses the Boston Bombings , hitting a GM Winner the CO Prep of the Week at 6:40 ,

Downvote me if you most , but I 'm from Boston and I 'm absolutely furious at you people . This is a public service annou

To The person who bombed boston and killed alot of kiddies . . etfwas your motive my nigga ?

Prayer goes to the lives lost in Boston bombing .

Anybody wan na run the Boston Marathon with me next year ?

C100 FM - Denise Robson at the Boston Marathon - Today 's Best Music

Our thoughts are with Boston today , and all the marathon runners and their friends and family .

Bonnie Ford : Explosions cut to core of Boston Marathon beautifully said . we 'll always remember .

Shocked with the terrorist act inside a sporting event with no political agenda My deepest feelings for the people in Boston !

Nurses at Boston Marathon relied on trauma experience to help bombing wounded / / everyd

lord first attack in boston now major earthquake in iran sighgod go with them

So painful to watch the news especially on Boston .

Westboro Baptist Church says it will picket funerals of those who died in Boston Marathon bomb attacks : http

Boston Marathon Bomber Loose as Authorities Race for Clues : Hundreds of U.S. law enforcement agents ar #TSCEnt

A profound comment on the Boston bombing : Quote For The Day : via

What bothers me the most is that the runners in Boston were running for charity , STOP HURTING GOOD PEOPLE ! #idontunderstandthisworld

Mr. Rogers gives hope while social media becomes virtual house of prayer for Boston via

Atlantan Elizabeth Schulte Roth recounts Boston Marathon explosion : Georgians are in Boston for the #Atlanta #GA

Good Samaritans take in Boston marathoners : ` You 're not in it alone ' via

I wo n't click on any picture related to Boston because I 'm not trying to see blood splattered streets and missing limbs STOP

my condolences go out to those affected by the tragic event that occurred today at the Boston Marathon . deeply

nigga Jessie did n't know what happened in Boston smdh

Please remember to say a prayer for the Boston victims and their families . #bostonmarathon

Lads what the fuck happened in Boston ?

I thought you were talking about Boston . ! what happened ?

Tuesday AMNot a lot of new information on the Boston bombings overnight . Clearly this was a terrorist attack , regardless of who did it .

only in Boston would you catch a dorchester photoshoot at 8 a.m. by the water dudes in fitteds , goose down coats with the fur hood lol

Woah 40 + dead in Iran earthquake . Not a good few days . Iran earthquake , Iraq and Boston bombings

Let us pray for boston marathon bombing victims . God strengthen all friends relations brothers sisters in boston #prayforboston

The guy who did that in Boston should have to run 26 miles then have his legs blown off

has nothing to do with the bombing in Boston ! #ZaynDirectionersAreAlwaysHereForYou !!

I know this tweet helps no one , but I love Boston , it 's one of my favorite cities . I wish I could help . I feel so emotional and useless . .

Totally agree ! How can we accept up to 1200 avoidable deaths at Mid Staffs and show horror at Boston.maybe TV is difference ?

Our thoughts go out to everyone in Boston that has been affected by this tragic senseless act . x

My heart and prayers are with the families who lost love ones , or a love one was hurt up in Boston .

The news can stop showing the same horrible pieces of footage from yesterday 's tragedy in Boston over and over again . We 've seen it .

Crazy world we live in . Just read comments section of both Boston attack and Iran earthquake news on al-jazeerah

Today , our thoughts and prayers go out to the families affected by the Boston Marathon tragedy .

Just heard the recording of the bombs go off in Boston on kid kraddick and it gave me some major goose bumps .

and i know this huge earthquake in iran wo n't make as many headlines as boston because it 's not in America , which is quite sad really .

This is so so sad . ;-LRB- my heart goes out to this gent at the Boston Marathon . #prayforboston

Wearing my Boston shirt to work today

Boston Marathon finisher from Knoxville talks about scene : Jim Stringham will remember the bare flagstaffs . Lo

Technically , the winner of this years Boston Marathon was shrapnel .

Iran 's earthquake , Boston 's bombing , Afghanistan 's bombing all in less than 2 days . What 's going to be next ? What 's happen

My thoughts are with the victims of the Boston marathon bombing and the Iran earthquake .

Boston has turned into an episode of Homeland .

So tempted to make jokes on the Boston bombingsbut some people just have a short fuse #toosoon

Heart still heavy from yesterday 's tragedy in #Boston . But fear will not stop me from dreams #Ironman .

really wish you had shown the today show instead of the two lightweights in Boston

117 Anyone know the significance of that number ? Its how many times the Boston Marathon has even ran #prayforboston

Please keep Boston in your PRAYERS not just the people but the police and FBI in particular that they catch those evil ppl . #prayforboston

To comic wannabes who feel the need to make jokes about Boston on the same day of the tragedy : Ask me why you 're not funny . Timing .

: Bad day today . Boston marathon blasts earlier today and an earthquake near Delhi and around .

I ca n't believe what 's happened in Boston . My brother is there with his girlfriend - who ran in the race . I was shaking &

Good Morning , everyone , please lets keep prayers and thoughts going for Boston , and make this day count . God bless you all .

Louisville 's ` Zombie Run ' to go on , despite Boston tragedy - WAVE : Louisville 's ` Zombie Run ' to go on , despite

Our hearts ache for the victims and their families . Our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims in Boston.-Seongt

What if Snax was in #Boston his fat ~ a was n't at no marathon #PlayMe

Pics from Boston marathon are sick , hope they get who did it R.I.P to all the runners who died and big shout out to those who helped

As a new day dawns bright with hope , let us carry on with our lives as a tribute for the Boston victims . Do n't let the bad guys win .

London Marathon to go ahead on Sunday . #Solidarity for Boston victims Read more here :

Today on TV2 This Morning - we have an update on the Boston Marathon explosions . Tune in for the latest at 9 a.m.

With the Boston bombings Thatcher 's funeral , this week is an odd one for Twitter . Normal tweets get lost or feel wrong .

Between the tragedy in Boston , and this being the Anniversary of the Tech shooting , sleep was elusive . #VaTech #boston

Boston blasts a warning for Sochi Olympics : Russia - Yahoo! Singapore News

Coventry Godiva Harriers confirms non of its members were running in Boston Marathon

Today all our thoughts are with those affected by the terrible events in Boston Nothing like this should ever happen at any sporting event !

I 'm not going to lie I think my birthday is a tragedy magnet . 1912 titanic declared sunk Virginia tech 2007 and Boston 2013 .

Mr. Rogers gives hope while social media becomes virtual house of prayer for Boston - The Washington Post

Our prayers are with Boston - you are in our hearts

Cringe at people posting pics paying tribute to a random little girl when it 's a little boy that 's died ! #doyourresearchfirst #boston

The OpenRaid family sends thoughts , wishes , and prayers to anyone affected by the bombings yesterday in Boston .

wait i think i know why kofi won the U.S. title . boston marathon .

what I meant is that the titanic was terrible , but an accident and Boston was planned , so it 's worse

I know we going to discuss this Boston thing in class . So I 'm expecting para to kick me out after 10 minutes .

our deepest condolence goes to the Boston 's terrorism bomb tragedy , may the flied souls was on God 's sides , amin .

This may sound insensitive or whatever but I 'm not shocked at things like what happen in Boston .

Still praying for the people of #Boston . That event was truly horrific !

Good Evening . Sad news about Boston yeaterday .

An Iranian earthquake just hours after those awful scenes at Boston , will have the conspiracy theorists going into meltdown !

boston , my home :'-LRB- Thanks Tay :'-RRB-

I come to my doctor appt and what are they watchingthe massacre in Boston ugh -_- #sad

Never a good sign when you walk by a National Guard platoon on your way to work #boston

Gucci Little Piggy : Gateway Pundit has info on searched Boston-area apartment

New blog post : What Happened in Boston :

In Providence RI . Everyone still in shock by the events yesterday in #Boston . Crazy world we live in . #Goodalwayswins

Terrorist in attack in Boston , Earthquake in Pakistan , India , Iran Iraq Karma 's a bitch eh . .

Why am I seeing ppl post about Bush when discussing the Boston bombing ? Obama is President not Bush .

Do n't live in Boston , but in a way it 's my hockey home . Here 's an amazing post on Monday 's tragedy by htt

Our hearts from Boston go out to those affected from yesterday 's tragedy ! Boston is in our thoughts .

It 's hard watching the big three news cover this Boston tragedy when they have no leads to go on . They repeat the same old news .

PRAY FOR BOSTON ?? I would say pray for Iraq ! Look at this pic !

Surreal walking around Boston this morning . Never have I loved this city more .

In support of Boston . . wearing an event running shirt ! #prayers

Martin Richard , 8 , killed in Boston Marathon blast via Yet another child lost because of an evil adult .

We performed our Housing Works show last night in solidarity with the city of Boston . Thank you to all the New

Prayers out to everyone affected by the Boston Marathon bombing . Bullshit never stops . #prayforboston

Watching some of the coverage from Boston yesterday . Thoughts are with everyone affected , who do they point the finger at ?

That little kid from the Boston marathon was n't from sandy hook .

Thinking about Boston and our country this morning as we all carry on . #prayersforboston

Hope everyone in Boston , Iran , Pakistan , Dubai , Rajasthan , Delhi Gujarat is okay . Stay Safe

John Cena Comments on Boston Tragedy , Ryback Comments on Last Night 's RAW , Del Rio #WWE

When Tragedy Trends : When I read about the bombings at the Boston Marathon yesterday , my first thought was of

Watching news about #boston so utterly vile . It 's the kind of event Le Bloke would be at and we 'd be at the finishing line to meet him .

Fantastic piece on why #marathon running is so special and those of us who love it feel violated

CPT sends our message of peace and kindness to the people of Boston .

Events yesterday in Boston are a reminder to be prepared and vigilant . Maryland residents may report suspicious activity to 800-492-TIPS .

Our deepest condolences to the families and friends of those touched by senseless terror in Boston . Our hearts and minds are with you .

I was there yesterday ! I 'm on Boston duty today -LRB- If I 'd known you worked there I would have joined you for lunch yesterday ! -RRB-

Boston police remain on high alert . Coming up after the break , we talk to reporter on #BostonMarathon

I 'm really not sure I can take my mind off #boston for work today . But I 'm going to try #prayforboston

In pictures : Scenes of Boston explosions aftermath

I 'm glad that while discussing Boston , the news does n't focus on the identities of the people responsible . It 's time to stop glamorizing .

Irish Times : Former Irish Boston Marathon winner would consider running again in memory of those killed

My birthday is 4/20 , columbine happened that day , it 's national weed day , it 's hitlers birthday , and the Boston massacre happened at 4:20 pm

Another bad news after Boston , deep condolences Gempa 7,8 SR Guncang Iran , 40 Orang Tewas

Wear Purple for Boston ! #prayforboston -LRB- Made with #jusgramm App -RRB-

God take control over Boston 's tragic affair #prayforboston

Police : Three dead after blasts at Boston race - via for iPhone

A truly horrific event yesterday in Boston . Condolences to the victims their families and friends . Stay strong . #Boston

D.C. Tightens Security After Boston Bombings , Officials Say Emancipation Day Parade to Go on As Planned via

All my prayers goes to Boston Marathon #familyandfriend

Boston Marathon bombs blew off arms legs of #Americans BUT #BarackObama the #FBI refuse 2 call it a terror a

oh it was :-RRB- as you can probably see from my excitable tweets last night !! MOTP and dedications to Boston = amazing gig 3

Following the Boston explosions , just how safe are marathons ? considers the security issues at races :

Thank for you sharing that photo and for continuing to pray for #Boston .

The precious mods are screening my posts cos they did n't like my Boston comments . area is the only sane spot left .

and all different mate theyre just getting justice for hillsborough and for what happened in boston

I know the winners had already crossed but it sucks for those who at least wanted to finish the Boston marathon

Boston is fresh on our minds this morning and our continued thoughts and prayers go out to all who were impacted by yesterday 's tragedy .

Magnitude 7.8 earthquake in Iran , not even a day after Boston . Humanity needs to stand together in times like these .

126 patients still being treated in Boston hospitals , 17 critical . Most seriously injured will face multiple operations over many days

Omg theres the singaporean blade runner in the boston blast

Boston Marathon blasts . Scary and still processing this news . Why would anybody do this ? Thoughts are with all in Boston .

#Celebrity #Gossip Lindsay Lohan Eva Longoria send prayers to Boston Marathon blast #AutoFollowBack GGo

Asian Celebrities React To Boston Bombing Terrorist Attack2 bombs exploded in rapid succession near the

I 'm muslim , blame me while i 'm praying something good for boston #prayforboston

I understand what happened in Boston is wrong . But these kinds of things happen everyday all over the world . Pray for everyone everywhere .

Na people moaning about the media coving Boston and not Iran . It 's ridiculous not to show respect by saying this a day after .

Racists invade twitter after the Boston Marathon bombing

Prayers for the people of Boston and those who were killed or wounded

Just heard about the situation at boston marathon , I hope everyone is okay around there , please be safe guys , and let 's

Just saw a video of the Boston explosion . Idk how people grow the balls to do such a fucked up thing

S.A. expert on terrorism : Boston bombings work of Islamic extremists

Our hearts go out to all those affected by the Boston tragedy . Sending our love and positivity to all our friends in #Boston today .

POOR PEOPLE DIED IN IRAQ AND NOW ALSO IN BOSTON , , , R.I.P

#jobs #careers Account Executive - Boston : Ever worked for one of those companies where you check your watch e

Pakistani Taliban denies involvement in Boston bomb blasts

Pundits act like selloff purely because of Boston . Macro data has been horrible for weeks as stocks ignored went higher .

Please pray for those injured in Boston . Pray for their families and the families of those who have been killed #prayerforboston

Boston bombings lead to boosted security in all major metropolitan cities including patrolling bomb-sniffing dogs

hate it when you see kids hurt by these bombs #boston #NYC

Glad my aunt was n't hurt at the boston marathon . . What has the world come to ?

Morning friends . Heavy hearts today as we continue to pray for our friends in #Boston .

Our thoughts are with the city of Boston and everyone affected by the recent events .

Matthew Bellamy Shouts ` This Is For Boston ! ' Plays National Anthem At Muse Concert -LSB- VIDEO -RSB-

Aljazeera has the whole video of the Boston bombing.No doubt , they did it again

Family in boston they are all ok . Thanking god

2 people died last night in Boston . Potentially 100s in a Muzzie country . Those 2 lives are a lot more precious though #AmericanBlood #Media

Anyway . It just really came to the fore when the Boston Bombings happened every1 of every persuation suddenly acknowledged civilian deaths

Our hearts go out to all the victims their families affected by yesterdays tragedy in Boston !

A blessed good morning to all.My God provide comfort for all especially those affected by the tragedy in Boston . #GodisGreat

Images of the Boston marathon still scarred into my head :-LRB-

Rome runner finished Boston Marathon nearly 6 minutes before blast , speaks about ordeal

Keeping Boston and every place on this earth in my prayers because we all need it .

I know its not there style . But WHAT IF North Korea was behind the Boston Marathon Bombing ??

In a world where life is so fragile can easily be lost to illness , I find it shocking that people can easily take a healthy life #Boston

and what happened in Boston why do always innocent ppl get hurt :'-LRB- #PrayForBoston

My heart goes out 2 everyone effected by the tragic events in Boston yesterday :-LRB- praying for all

Our condolences to anyone affected by the horrific events in #Boston at the #BostonMarathon . Its a sad state of affairs .

Father we pause today to pray for the families who lost loved ones yesterday in Boston . We also pray for all of

All the western Media -LRB- including twitter rats -RRB- had a field day when boston bombings happened , but almost zero coverage for #Iran earthquake .

Sekali bomb kat Boston itu Dari orang North Korea xD

New post : Musicians Respond to Boston Marathon Bombing #rockbands

Our thoughts are with the people of Boston today . VA , with NYC , is heightening security as a precaution only .

Prayers for Boston . Now catch the bastard !

why are the same people who said 9/11 was an inside job then not boring me now with how the Boston marathon was also 1

Talking with Children about Boston Marathon Tragedy #bostonmarathon

My prayers go out to the victims of the Boston marathon bombing and the people of America .

#PrayForBoston due to the marathon bomb explosions . And #PrayForIran due to the earthquake that 's killed at least 40people . #PrayForTheWorld

#IndustryUpdate At least 3 ppl dead and nearly 140 injured in 2 explosions near finish line of annual Boston Marathon .

Man if my coach had gotten hurt today in the Boston Marathon idk what I would do

Apparently US scientists are being the Iran earthquake jus hours after the #Boston bombings #Revenge

video from boston globe of explosion via

Watched a clip on the boston bombing and gone all cold and feel sick #prayforboston

Prayers for Boston Why just Why

In tribute of the bombing , we wear our racing shirts . #PrayforBoston

Give me 1 hr . with this POS who did this in Boston in the deep mountains of Kentucky !! They 'd wish they was n't born !!

Just seen the video of the Boston marathon bombing , horrendous !! Thoughts and prayers with everyone in Boston #Praye

U.S. Senate Candidate Ran 2013 Boston Marathon

You have to be at least 18 to run in the Boston Marathon . So whoever made the picture of the girl from Sandy Hook is

I like a joke as much as the next person but not liking all these about what happened in Boston yesterday

Yesterday was the Boston Marathon tragedy , today is 6 year anniversary of the VT Shooting Friday will be 3 years since Tim died . #sadweek

City of Atlanta heightens security following Boston Marathon explosions #news

Our thoughts and prayers are going out the City of #Boston , the people who were injured and the families of those who lost their lives .

I kno boston george prolly rolled over in his grave from yesterdays tradegy

If ur dragging this morning find urself complaining about small things , think about the families affected by the Boston bombs . #begrateful

The Boston bombers are cowards my money is on the stinking rag heads that did it !

So when does susan rice say that the Boston horror was caused by a movie trailer ?

Our hearts and prayers are with the runners of the #Boston Marathon today .

its so sad seeing whats happened in Boston its just so terrible :'-LRB- / 3

Top-Stories : People Mistakenly Think Actress Denise Richards ' Son Died in Boston Bombings #actress #Bombings

Witnesses Describe Scene After Blasts at Boston Marathon My Thoughts Prayers are with th

Our thoughts are with the city of Boston and everyone affected by the #BostonMarathon

I forgot bout the red for boston : /

No Brits harmed in the Boston bombings - BBC News . Phew , so that 's alright then .

Our thoughts and prayers are with all the victims at the Boston Marathon . Life is so fragile and precious , hug your loved ones !

Photo of 8-year-old Martin Richard . The youngest victim of Monday 's Boston Marathon bombing .

Did someone just said Boston ? Syrian man cries while holding the body of his son in Aleppo . . Hypocrite world .

Our thoughts are on Boston today , and with our colleagues at SVP Boston . All around the world , we 're sharing your sadness today .

NHL game postponed , security upped after bombings -LRB- Yahoo! Sports -RRB- A few hours after the Boston Marathon bombings

126 patients still being treated in Boston hospitals , 17 critical . Most seriously injured will face multiple operation

ATTENTION ERASE CLUB ! We are holding a sit-in in the commons tmrw morning about the Boston bombing ! Meet in Ms Apps roo

#PrayforBoston it 's sickening hearing this tragic story that has affected so many people around the world . Keeping Boston in my prayers

Listened to a radio report on Boston from a witness , aka made me ball before school

How 's Boston doing ? :-RRB- I hope everything is okay : c

Our thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the bombs in Boston . #PrayForBoston

Boston Celtic hat , shirt , and sneakers . Dropkick Murphys sweatshirt . Showing respect . #Boston

Our thoughts and prayers are with all the victims at the Boston Marathon .

goodeve : -RRB- let us pray for the Boston guys .

All #NECO students accounted for , safe and sound.Thinking about you NECO and the people of Boston . 92 '

A Wantagh church will be holding a vigil service for the Boston Marathon explosion victims

Please pray for the victims in Boston . . we all know where to place the blame

Watch : Boston Bombing Witness : ` Impact Drove Me to the Ground '

Events yesterday in Boston are a reminder to be prepared and vigilant . Maryland residents may report suspicious acti

Good morning ! Thoughts and prayers continue to go out to those affected by the tragedy in Boston . #PrayForBoston #AmericaStrong

to the sick fuck who joked about bombs and boston this morning : you 're an asshole .

My kids and I are rockin ' our race shirts today with love for Boston . Ca n't let hate keep us from the finish line !!! #BostonMarathon13

What 's KITV News Investigators search Boston-area apartment : Authorities including bomb experts searched an ap

#BostonMarathon bombing : White House calling attack an ` act of terrorism ' via #prayforboston

The Hand of God Ministry -LRB- THOGM -RRB- stands with Boston .

Another reason why I do n't run marathons #PrayforBoston

Boston Marathon bombs Dubai runner metres from blast : The aftermath of a bomb blast near the finish line on Bo

#Boston area hospitals reporting currently have enough blood after #BostonBombings at international event the .

Let 's hope that at least the pain of ppl in #Boston would make some Americans think about daily bombing of civilians in #Yemen by US drones !

lolforget it . I thought there was a Peter B 's up in #CambMA / #Boston area . You must be talking about the one in Library :--RRB-

Wearing my Boston Red Sox jersey in honour of those affected by the Boston Marathon Bombing . #ShowRespect

WH Calls Boston Blast an ` Act of Terror ' v - ok now shut up #tcot - Is a little unity is beyond you thugs ? #p2 #ofa

My deepest sympathy for the Boston bombing . #prayforboston #bostonmarathon

2013Boston Marathon runnersyour families from all runners who have ever run the Boston 26.2 our hearts miles are with you #united #strong

Chilling image of mystery figure on rooftops above Boston bomb blasts

The Obnoxious one , the biggest Boston sports fan we know checks in next .

Iran quakes , Boston bombs n my bike break down . Apparently de World is falling apart !!

Our thoughts and prayers to those who were killed and injured in the Boston Marathon explosion .

Thinking about Boston . Was hard explaining to my four-year-old why I was sad last night . via

140 + people were injured yeturday in the bombing . Praying for you all and your families . #prayforboston

In Boston , two brothers , each lose a leg : Posted By : LauraThere are no words . There is only prayer . Lo #news

London Marathon to go ahead despite deadly bomb blasts in Boston , but security plans will be reviewed . - CNN

i do n't pray , which is why i do n't say pray for boston , and which is why i wo n't say pray for iran . i 'm only going to wish both places well .

It 's a little mind boggling that the networks bleep the words ` shit ' ` fuck ' from the videos of the Boston bombs - are we that puritanical ?

Pray for BOSTON . . GOD bless boston

LA activists will hold candlelight vigil in Leimert Pk for victims in #Boston marathon

-LRB- 3 of 3 -RRB- BOSTON BOMBINGS . Wash. . Post page 8A .

My heart is literally broken for those effected in Boston . #prayers #prayforboston #Psalm147 : 3

Let 's see who will be blamed for the Boston Bombings . Hold up , let me rephrase . Which religion is to be blamed for the terrorism at Boston .

Taaliyan . Seeing this among boston blast posts is a sight for sore eyes .

I refer to those -LRB- unfollowed -RRB- who applaud deaths in Iraq and Iran , yet show outrage only at Boston bomb .

When the #Boston bomber is discovered , if he 's white , media will try to find a mental illness . If he 's brown , will try to find motive .

I woke up with my 10 fingers and toes this morning others did not this morning in #Boston #Prayers4Them

Tired of factless speculation from all sides on the Boston bombing . says more about what people wish had happened than what happened

Draw an infinity sign in purple for Boston #prayforboston #Boston #infinity #purple #pray #believe #help

GOOD MORNING WORLD AND MY THOUGHTS AND PRAYS GO OUT TO THE ENTIRE CITY OF BOSTON . #GODBLESSBOSTON

Innocent muslims gon na be attacked coz of the #Boston incident

I am a runner . I may not be a very good one , but I am a runner . And , my heart breaks for Boston today as they try to c

My condolences to the families affected in the Boston Explosion . Sad that anyone loses a life let alone a poor innocent child .

SM : First photo of Martin Richard , the 8 year old who was killed in the #Boston Marathon explosion RIP young prince .

Young Family Describes the Horror of Boston Marathon Bombings : Chuck and Heather Kabat were enjoying the B

Praying for Boston and our country . cmdr _ hadfield Thanks for the beautiful picture . #Boston

Our school did n't even do so much as a moment of silence for the Boston Marathon , alright

my prayers to all the dead people who were grubbed from their families and life in the Iran and Boston incidents #PrayForIran #PrayForBoston

Security at Boston airport is going to be insane

Good Morning #KingsPointNation . Hopefully more answers come out today from Boston .

There is more good in the world than bad , I STAND BY THAT ! You will feel helpless many times in your life but NEVER be hopeless ! #Boston

So is gon na go picket the deaths of the Boston marathoners . Welp , that is THE definition of scum #effyourself

Where are the pictures?Boston a live-televised sports media event . Cameras already everywhere . Iran wo n't even let W media in .

Broken hearted listening to everything today . My heart felt thoughts and prayers to all affected in Boston . #pray4boston

MLB Pauses On Jackie Robinson Day To Honor Boston Marathon Bombing Victims

Even as a #Yankees fan , this is a great article ! #RedSox , sports can help Boston cope w / marathon tragedy |

#FortHood #UnderwearBomber #Benghazi #Boston . . all this on YOUR watch Obama ! Maybe watch our country a little instead of 24/7 campaigning ?

I pray the tragic event at Boston causes Americans to wake up . Pray for the victims , certainly . But God will not

Our hearts and prayers go out to those affected by yesterday 's Boston Marathon attack . Please be safe out there .

Just looked through a slide show on Huffington Post . Boston bombing . Tears blur my vision .

the media does because yes most people . Just as the citizens of those nation wo n't be focused on Boston .

Boston Marathon : Two runners marry in the city just hours after completing race hit by deadly bomb

I hope everyone 's had a chance to hug their loved ones since yesterday 's terrible events ! Such an awful day . So so sorry Boston .

Master Richard Martin 8 yrs . May you walk with God and live forever . A victim of the Boston Marathon Explosion .

#BREAKING : 152 injured and 3 dead ; including an 8 year old boy after a ` terror attack ' at the finishing line at the #Boston Marathon .

Whomever did this in #Boston is going to pay dearly !

Heavy hearted this morning . God bless my neighbors in #boston . May they find who did this quickly and swiftly #bostonmarathon #explosion

Just heard someone say the Boston Marathon bombing was just a practice run for our responders . I 've never been more disgusted in my life .

boston marathon coverage worth reading this morning - via

My thoughts the day after Boston . The Persistent Marathoner : Marathons vs Terror

Our thoughts and prayers are with Boston today as they recover from yesterday 's tragic events .

So touched Boston Marathon Room Listings Offer Hope in Tragedy 's Wake via

Dedicating today 's love lesson to Boston ! Praying for y' all !

Watch the flags fly leftSee the heroes ' selfless actsWatch the flags fly right #boston #haiku

Kevin McCallum of the Boston Globe . Just heard him on A very moving comment on the Bostonian response . Well said Sir

Thoughts in Boston during this confusing and difficult time #PrayForBoston #bostonmarathon

Here 's reaction to #Boston bombings by head of #Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood . Condolence that makes your head spin .

Prayers to families grieving today . We are with you . #Boston

ny and Boston may be sworn rivals in sports but yesterday today and forever ny stands with Boston as one . #prayforboston

Humanity has learnt nothing MT 8yearold killed in blast was wait to hug his dad #boston #waronterror

New Albany 's Roger McMillin MT Mid-South runner crosses finish line amid blasts at Boston Marathon

Just in - CNN 's Carol Cratty reports law enforcement search of an apartment in Revere , nothing linked to the Boston Ma

They cancelled the school trip to america for the FLL team because of the boston bomb . . Darn .

Hoping my friends are safe after yesterday 's cruel marathon bombing . My prayers go out for Boston !

Pope to Boston : Combat evil with good : VATICAN CITY - Pope Francis on Tuesday , April 16 expressed his condole

ABBA STAR BJORN ULVAEUS JOKES ABOUT BOSTON MARATHON : ABBA star Bjorn Ulvaeus has caused outrage by making

US Terrorist attack - Bomb blast at Boston Marathon kills 3 people . .

A Little Good News : via to boston all over the world

Getting ready for the 1st marathon of the season - Eau Claire WI , May 5th . We just put in a prework 12 miler . Boston qualifying ? Maybe !

scared by some reactions on #Twitter after the tragedy in #Boston but let me tell you something , WHAT DID YOU DO TO CHANGE THE WORLD TODAY ?

THE BOSTON BOMBING IS FAKE JUST LIKE THE BATMAN AND SANDY HOOK SHOOTINGS

Article : Boston Seeks Answers in Deadly Blasts - Boston Seeks Answers in Deadly Blasts

#boston sum days just nothng feels right . B well , friends.Hug ur loved 1 's close tday tell sum1 u love them . God help us all , crazy world

Unbelievable ! Terror at the Boston Marathon via #photojournalism

Has anyone claimed responsibility for the Boston bombings yet ?

Your morning cry sponsored by Boston Marathon Tragedy Met With Unbelievable Acts Of Kindness

Medic volunteer , my Uncle Howard , talks to WCBS 880 about Boston Marathon triaget

HEROES OUT OF TRAGEDY : Out of the horror of the Boston marathon bombings , there emerged uplifting examples of

If You 're in Boston Without Phone Service , Call Out from This Site : With Boston 's cellular service shut down o

DTN Delhi 2010 : Mukherjee condemns Boston blasts , says terrorism shows no respect for any boundary : Condemning

Keeping the people in Boston lifted in prayer !!!

THEY KNEW ! : #Runner Reports #Bomb Sniffing Dogs , Spotters On Roofs Heightened #Security At #Boston #Marathon

Photoset : Sophia Bush arriving on set of Hartfelds McCoys in Boston on 18 March 2013

Learn Italy NEW YORK STANDING by the CITY of BOSTON

Right now , you can help Boston by sending love light to the area and to all people involved in ANY way . 3

DTN World News : Investigators raid home after Boston Marathon bombings kill 3 - CTV News : ABC NewsInvestigator

Ca n't wait to walk out of the house and see all the race shirts from runners uniting in support for Boston . #runchat #raceshirtsallweek

Patton Oswalt : The Good Outnumber You And We Always Will - Boston . Fucking horrible .

My Heart Goes Out Prayer 's to the Boston Marathon Runner 's / Marathon Terror/God Bless USA .

To Jim Koch and other friends at Sam Adams Brewery , Boston : my thoughts are with you .

We at are thinking and sending positively to everyone in Boston .

Would like to send my prayers to all of the victims and their families in Boston .

Florida Gov. Rick Scott Offers Help , Condolences to Boston | Sunshine State News #sayfie

Things that happen like what happened in Boston kind of make me not wan na go to any major city . .

We are deeply saddened by yesterday 's news and our thoughts go out to those impacted by this tragedy in Boston .

Bombs In Boston : Terrible to see what happened in Boston yesterday , , Just makes me think about #JoinTheNation

did u hear about boston ? if u did please pray for boston . thank u. . #PrayforBoston

With Obama in WH , a Democrat Governor and Mayor , does anyone think that we will get the truth about the Boston terrorist attack ? Cover Up ?

I hear his phony speech after Boston its a punch in the face to the fallen . Like all others b4 . Its awful . I 'm sorry the truth hurts .

Boston Bombing , Earthquake , Porn Ban , Narine 's Hattrick This Tuesday has just been buzzing with news

TopWords -LRB- 3 hrs -RRB- 1 : Boston 2 : earthquake 3 : Iran 4 : military 5 : VW 6 : magnitude 7 : Pakistan s 8 : re trying 9 : Apple 10 : promote 11 : of interest . .

There 's even a Terrorism expert working alongside Bomb-squad , the Boston police also workingFBI , SWAThaba ! America

New post : Bombs go off in Boston

What a terrible day . The bombings in Boston and across Iraq are horrific . My thoughts and prayers are with you all .

-LRB- AP -RRB- : Dr. says X-ray of 1 Boston Marathon victim show what could be small ball bearings throughout the injury .

As I have been reminded to rest ; I am still in prayer for Boston all affected by this horrific tragedy . Thank

Boston Bombing : Chilling image of mystery figure lurking on rooftop as bomb blast rips through marathon

Our thoughts and prayers are with the runners , their familes and friends and the people of Boston .

Obama sells fighters and weapons to Saudi ? Saudi nat being held in Boston bombing . #connection

I do n't even know what to feel sad about anymore . Bombings in Iraq , bombings in Boston and an earthquake in Iran . WITHIN 24 HOURS .

I 'm sorry , but I really do n't believe that ` praying ' for Boston or Iran is going to help them

A Joyful Day in Boston Ends in Shock - A telling , thoughtful piece from my favorite sports writer Jason Gay

Our hearts and prayers go out to the victims of yesterday 's tragic and senseless bombing . #prayforBoston

Good Morning ! Hope you all have a good day!Prayers thoughts for all in Boston .

Our prayers continue for Boston Marathon victims , family friends and all those effected by yesterday 's explosion tragedy .

Robinsons , Scannells , Ryans , Padovanos and Abbotts all my peeps in Boston : we are holding you close . #BostonMarathon

Hoping a fast recovery for all those injured in Boston yesterday .

The Terror in Boston on the Today show brought tears to my eyes :-LRB-

In the wake of the tragedy in Boston , please remember to keep the victims of the Virginia Tech massacre in your prayers today as well .

Young Marathon bomb victim ID 'd : The FBI has taken over the investigation into a pair of bomb bl #News #Boston

It is beyond all decent people 's understanding how anyone can feel proud of such cowardly and callous terrorism , evil scum . #boston

#india #latest news No reports of any Indians injured in Boston blasts

IN PICTURES : When terrorism strikes sport . #boston

as you wake up this morning know that your BHs are with you and praying for Boston love you Joe !

Sad tht 8-year-old Martin Richard has passed because of Boston bombing . Lets remember him as well as the others w

horrible news from boston last night . Such a needless act of terror on one of the great marathons ran around the world .

Boston Bombing Suspect in custody ! Watch here !

i was like #Boston 0 _ 0 aw shish #PlayMe

Our heavy heart is with Boston today and always . These acts that have transpired over the past year throughout

watching the morning news seeing when Obama will make a photo OP at Boston .

Wonder if Newtown people will go to neighboring Boston and tell them to give up their guns ? #NRA #Benghazi #Benghazigate #FastAndFurious

One must keep a careful rein upon his gushing instincts , else he will . . find himself loving Boston instead of merely admiring it . - Mark Twain

Our hearts go out to Boston . Keeping all in our thoughts and prayers .

So today 's toll : 30ish in Somalia , 31 confirmed in Iraq , possibly 100 in Iran . 3 in Boston . Guess which is the only

Just a stupid and an arrogant people who did n't take a care for Boston ! Just sending love and prayers for them . #TakeCaresForBoston

Trying to make sense of it all . My heart and my prayers are still in Boston .

#SalArmy providing support to survivorsand first responders in #Boston #MA

Celebrities react to Boston bombings . cc

MT The 8-year-old killed in the Boston explosions : Martin Richard , who 'd come to watch his dad run . - So sad .

There was an 8 year old boy killed in the explosion in Boston . Are you kidding me ? That breaks my heart .

Charity fundraising news - London Marathon security heightened after Boston blasts

I find it ridiculously callous and horrible to read the trolls attacking Obama because of the Boston Marathon bombings . Neo-Confederates !

The Boston explosion : Our prayers go out to the victims and their families of the Boston Marathon explosion .

Boston Marathon Bombing False Flag Facebook Conspiracy : via

I 'm thinking about and praying for Boston , runners , and their families . My SIL has run a few times , but not this year .

Our prayers go out to those impacted in Boston .

Got ta watch the news and find out more about boston explosions !!

OMG . . #prayforBosto UPDATE : At least 145 injured in the explosions at the Boston Marathon yesterday , ABC News reports .

Our thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the Boston bombing .

In traditional American way , acts of kindness and generosity follow the Boston tragedy .

I want people to know that what is going on in Boston is n't because God is evil it 's because humans are fallen and sinful #PrayingforBoston

he texted me the other night saying he was in Boston . I texted him yesterday as soon as I heard . Crazy . So glad he did n't go

I 'm sorry about the tragedy boston!it was a cowardly attack and they are cowards!people as they just make the earth is running out #Boston

Condolences and thoughts to those involved in the Boston Marathon and all friends and family of those involved .

Soo many prayers going up for the city of Boston and for America . We have to be cautious and lean on God

We are scrappy and resilient here in Boston . We shall persevere ! #PrayforBoston

Going out for what will likely be a weepy run to show my solidarity and support for the running community others impacted by Boston .

I am so horrified watching the news about the Boston marathon attack . I just ca n't fathom this #PrayerForBoston

There 's a fucking pray for Boston twitter now.You guys think I 'm a fucking moron you are just capitalizing on public sympathy

Makes me feel sick that in the Boston attacks yesterday an 8 year old girl was killed whilst running for the kids shot dead at that school . .

BLOG : has tips for talking to your kids about the Boston Marathon via

This will be THE iconic photo from Boston . Not just for it 's drama , but because he got up , and kept going .

Wow just saw the pics of the bombings in Boston #heartbreaking !!! May GOD give you strength to move on from this tragedy !!

The Boston bombing : Fact and fiction - via

#MUSLIM are n't terrorists #StopTheHate im muslim and i against of what happened at boston #PrayForBoston

yep . Some people thinking Boston deserved it while sympathizing with Baghdad . Strange and twisted .

Thoughts and prayers are with those who have lost someone or was injured in Boston . We overcome evil with good . #Pray

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all our friends in Boston affected by this horrific tragedy .

Boston belong 's to me , A nation pride the dirty water on the river . No one can take away our memory ... Oo Oo BOSTON BELONG TO ME !!!

We are waiting on the edge of our seats for Boston 's bombing investigation results so we know which country is going to suffer for it !

Just saw a guy walking around with a Bruins jersey . That 's pretty huge in this city . Everyone is behind Boston right now -RRB-

Statement to the people of Boston from the Foundation for Peace #BostonMarathon

It 's awful that the iconic history of the Boston marathon now has to be stained with this tragedy

#prayforboston what dumb son of bitches would do such a thing . all my prayers to boston .

Graphic Photos From The Boston Marathon Bombings #bostonmarathonbombings

Atlanta runs for Boston : About 70 runners ran a mile in silence this morning to honor the injure and dead from

Just click to help . . VIDEO : Surgeon describes Boston blast injuries : Dr Peter Fagenholz tells reporters that s

Getting ready to start.they are serving food time for moment of silence for the Boston incident

Just got the call . Getting state activated to go help in Boston

Racial Profiling Much ? then it is obviously the English after Boston funding the IRA all those years - sheesh already .

LIVE to #Boston with Warren Levinson - search overnight in #Revere and other details on the #bombings

Canadians care about #boston too ! Thoughts and prayers are with you much love

Just love all the good people of Boston who have offered up their homes , restaurants who have offered to feed everyone 3 #bostonmarathon

R.I.P all those people who died in the Boston marathon

This is now a time for solemn reflection in light of yesterday 's tragedy in Boston , Mass . My condolences to all !

Thank you to the armed guards outside of the Brigham . can you please do a shout out to them ! #thankyou #boston

Prayers goes to those affected by the Boston Marathon Bombing . #justice #fromfuntodrama #silence

My thoughts and prayers r with all in Boston .

-LSB- BBC World News -RSB- VIDEO : Surgeon describes Boston blast injuries : Dr Peter Fagenholz tells reporters that some

Boston and New York may have a fierce sports rivalry , but the Brooklyn Academy of Music has it right !

Beyond #Boston : Conspiracy Theories and International Relations

Good morning y' all just setting here thanking about Boston and what 's really good in our world it 's real out here y' all

Woke up to the Boston tragedy and now a killer earthquake in Iran !

on that note , R.I.P to those who lost their lives today in the bombing around the world . smh #prayforboston #prayfo

In silence let us pray for boston :-LRB-

wearing #celtic green today in support of Boston

What 's wrong with this world we live in ? Thoughts and prayers are with Boston and all those affected by today 's tra

NAGC 's resources for #children 's #grief for when there is a #crisis in your community . #Boston #grief

National guard standing by at Copley Square in #Boston near finish line

So , so tragic . I pray for the victims and families involved in the Boston mishap . Suc :

Tricia Bunn home safely in Tamworth , after competing in the Boston Marathon

Truly blessed and uplifted by the #mtzionprayercall We were praying and agreeing together for the families in boston ! .

My heart goes out to the victims of today 's tragedy in Boston . They ran for a noble cause and instead were attacked

Our prayers go out to all those who were affected by the Boston Marathon tragedy #prayforboston

#PREDICTION Boston tragedy will result in links to Algeria . Then we will ride out to steal their oil . DejaVu

Hey , are you okay ? I know you live in Boston . Hope you yours are alright up there . Let me know .

praying for always glad u are all safe , Boston will be fine it 's a very strong city

Praying for everyone in Boston , my wife is a runner we are both saddened about this tragedy #bostonmarathon #PRAYFORBOSTON

Hope all Aussies in Boston are ok tonight . How scary .

Boston Marathon hit by explosions : Two explosions at the finish line of the Boston Marathon ha

Good Morning , as we start this day we keep Boston in our hearts we will continue the special $ 5 ticket sale

666 Boyleston Street ; Boston , Mass , MA02116 :

Thoughts and prayers go out to the runners , volunteers , spectators and emergency personnel at the Boston Marathon .

Everytime I see one of the pictures from Boston it makes me think who can be that heartless to do that #PrayerForBoston

Prayers for Boston , but for everyone who suffers every day in the world .

Photo : colchrishadfield : A somber Spring night in Boston .

New post : The Boston Marathon : From Triumph to Tragedy

Boston My heart is so heavy , words fails me .

Windham mom shares harrowing tale of Boston blast

-LRB- YWN -RRB- Investigators Scour Video , Photos For Boston Marathon Bomb Clues : U.S. investigators led by the FBI are

The latest updates on the #Boston terror attacks . Includes pics and video : #FoxKatZ1035

Good Morning . Coffee , thoughts , prayers and support for our Boston friends .

BASTARDS !!! Condolences to the Boston victims and their families . :-LRB-

New post : Boston Marathon Bombing

The latest from Boston : Search warrant served at suburban Boston home ; Pakistani Taliban denies respon via

driving back home to Boston , when passing by the T Station I see numbers of soldiers arming the station . This is real , Boston is strong !

not that I 'm the first person to say it but events in Boston have nothing to do with the London Marathon . Do n't worry about it .

Read about a woman who was helping people find their families/bags last night from 3 to 11 . There 's still good people out there . #Boston

My thoughts and prayers are with those in Boston , their family , and friends . To those who lost their lives .

I could complain about how much I hate being up this early , or I could thank God for another day not promised . Still praying for Boston .

I 'm afraid to do the color run now : , -LRB- God bless all you in Boston

Thoughts and prayers to all those family 's effected in the Boston explosions #prayforboston

Seems like I 'm the only one who thought cries bout #Boston were abt the college 0 _ o someone fill me in . .

Still shocked by what happened in Boston yday . Of course we can debate about how this sadly happens in the Middle East on a daily basis . .

About to set off to Southampton hospital to start my mara 25 in 25 days . Tired but more in shock about Boston !

The shock of events in Boston elsewhere steals words . So , my blog post today is mostly flowers . A small beauty . ht

CNN Jackass Blames Right Wing Extremists for Boston Bombing ! via OBAMA AND HIS GOONS DID IT

Thoughts and prayers from the ASPIRE family to those in Boston .

I 'm scared to check the Boston updatesI hope they find who did it soon

The London Marathon will go ahead as planned in the #British capital this Sunday despite the bomb attack on the Boston

FBI launches manhunt in wake of Boston bombings

Stop this madness . Seriously . Condolences to all those affected in the Boston bomb blast .

Lord , God please be with ppl in Boston 2night . Blessprotect our TroopsWatch over our Veterans.TY Lord.Duckie over & am

On journalism , Twitter , Boston and filtering , excellent stuff from

lol . Toh baby earthquake hoga . Heard abt d boston blast ?

that part in the today show about Boston . made me cry .

Tireless peace activist Carlos Arredondo , who lost his son in Iraq , on from Boston , describing collecti

#Boston blasts and now #earthquake Looks like the #Mayan were right , not with the date .

I 'm wearing my last Marathon shirt today to honor the lives lost , injured and affected in Boston .

Wowzers R In honor of Boston and New England , may we suggest : whole-grain cranberry scones !

I 'm at MBTA North Station - -LRB- Boston , MA -RRB- w / 3 others

Sporting our race shirts to show support for Boston #runnerunity #prayforboston

Prayers for those affected by the 7.8 earthquake in Iran this morning . I hope the Boston news does n't completely drown out this story today

A non-suspect was questioned over the bombings yesterdaywhy even mention their nationality ? #lookingforscapegoats

Woke up today to read stories about Boston . While the tragedy makes me sick , I 'm inspired by the great humanity shown by PD and residents

Love for Boston , my prayers goes out to the families of the victims .

Can yhu plz stop tlkin bout wht happened in Boston

which Boston team do you support ?

Amen to this.Boehner orders flags over Capitol lowered to half staff , after Boston tragedy ,

My Prayers Go Out To them ppl injuryed In Boston

Our thoughts are with those affected by yesterday 's tragedy in Boston .

Boston blasts rekindle terrorism fears in U.S.

good night all , thinking and praying for all in Boston .

Boston Mayor 's hotline to connect family members with runners : 1-617-635-4500

FBI 's Boston Joint Terrorism Task Force which executed a raid overnight , serving warrant on a home in suburban Boston

lets pray for all the Boston victims

If anyone tells you a 7 year old girl running the Boston Marathon for the Newtown kids , died yesterday , it 's fake and not true at all

Prayers To Go Out To The City Of Boston . :'-LRB- #Stop The Violence !

Beautiful morning in Central Park . Cherry blossoms , tulips . One runner crosses herself . Others wear Boston gear .

Its so awful about the 8 year old babyboy who passed in the Boston Bombing . . A mother should never have to bury her child . Prayers to her .

Still thinking of the people in Boston , New England for that matter . Knowing they 're still dealing with Newtown , now the bombings .

Good morning everyone my heart pours out to those in boston . . such craziness you guys are in my prayers . .

Let 's hope the London marathon is n't a second target . #prayforboston

As nice a summation of Boston 's tragedy as you 're likely to find , by the Globe 's Kevin Cullen . via

I need to step up my running gamemotivated by Boston #bostonmarathon #prayforboston

Have they caught them the cowards behind Boston bombing ? Because its been 2 long already ! 18 hrs is enough for a terrorist to be on the loose

WCBS Reporter Alex Silverman provides the latest from Boston .

Thoughts and prayers for everyone in Boston and families of all marathoners . #PrayForBoston

Reports of 25 people have lost limbs from Boston bombings Dr reports lots of metal ` shrapnel ' removed from victims . news

We are expecting an update on Boston bombings from the FBI at 6:30 am PT . Watch Morning News for the latest . #BostonMarathon

Ca n't bring myself 2 intentionally view the image of the #Boston victim w / his legs blown off . Props 2 the Atlantic for

If you would like to help the victims of yesterday 's tragic Boston Marathon bombing , here are a few suggestions :

The pictures and news from the Boston bombings is awful . My love and thoughts go out to all those affected . #bostonmarathon

it 's like the second Boston massacre

Boston gets bombed , 3 people die , only 3 but everyone goes crazy . Thousands of kids die everyday from hunger , nobody makes a scene bwt that .

Playing : quot ; The Risingquot ; from Magic Tour - Boston 11/19 -LRB- 2007 -RRB- #BruceSpringsteen #MagicTour - Boston11/19

While I live in NYC , a piece of my heart is always in #Boston and especially during this time . They 're a tough city filled with good people .

Prayers go out to those in #Iran , #Iraq #Boston . . Pray for healing , hope and mercy !!

To all our friends in Boston , we wish you peace and safety and the ability to get through this awful time .

I do n't wan na say my opinions about the bombing in Boston but it proved that my thoughts about the US are right .

I feel a combination of trepidation and solidarity on this commute . #boston

Eyes watered up sick feeling in the pit of my stomach at work after the stories pictures of the 8 yr old that died in Boston .

Oh God ! MT Spooky figure seen!Mysterious figure photographed on roof near #Boston #Marathon blasts

Surreal drive into #Boston today . Despite hustle of commute , our city is quiet .

How you can help Boston Marathon victims

Question of the Day : Will the Boston bombing change overall security in the U.S. ?

I used to spend hours in the Boston Public Library - right where the finish line is .

Omg First Conneticut now Boston . When will this stop ?! #RIP

Pak Taliban denies involvement in Boston Marathon blasts -LRB- Pakistan Telegraph -RRB- : Share With Friends : | | World news - Asia - Pakistan

Captain 's Cove in Quincy -- cops are everywhere . Lots of unmarked cars #Boston

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all affected by the Boston Marathon blasts #sport #tragedy

Sending good energy , thoughts , and prayers to the people of Boston .

Thinking of Boston and all the people affected by this senseless and cowardly act . I can only ask , why ?

Boston bombing . NBers safe . info link

yes , im still gon na tweet about Boston . Just how , who would do that to the place i call home . . ?! #prayforboston 3

Dedicate your run today . I 'm lacing up and running with Boston this morning .

BH kills Nigerians everyday in the North , like its normal . . but today i see candles on Dp and tweets for Boston bomb victi

Boston Marathon : 8-year-old victim ` beloved ' in community - The 8-year-old boy killed in the Boston Marathon explo

Hafta say that unlike in the past my twitter stream has been pleasantly free of premature speculation about the perpetrators in Boston

Play-Dough O'Clock . Green for Boston . Wishing everyone peace .

for cap space lol look at Boston 's tweet

Arrived from Boston last night . Guys grabe pray for boston sobrang scary yung experience :-LRB-

Refuse to stand for the pledge shit find the mfs who bomb Boston !

If this Boston stuff is hard to handle follow the example of the runners before all this : Put one foot in front of the

I was thinking black Detroit shirt . ATB for Marwhose otherwise great article said Boston is oldest in world

Me get that the Boston bombing was bad but I do n't need my tl blown up about it

Boston Marathon bombings : What we know :

this whole boston things is just so damn sad .

Hearing about the boston marathon on the news makes me so sad :-LRB-

Britt 's Running Style : Boston Trajedy

utmost condolences to the victims of the Boston marathon .

Saw a bunch of police officers and couple busloads of soldiers at Cleveland Circle this morning . Boston 's going to be weird for a while .

Senseless violence in Boston , Syria Iraq yesterday . Major earthqk kills hundreds in Iran-PK . Rough cpl days for the world . Glad I 'm in NL !

Bombings state side really hurts . Gives everyone an insight how the troops feel over seas . #PrayForBoston

Thoughts and prayers to all those affected in yesterdays bombing in Boston . Just heard an 8 year old was one of

Is n't one of our #Incufamily from Boston ? I remember a tweet about how she 's going to see Ben Kenney there .

Not Long After Bombing for Some of the Worst Twitter Posts to the Boston explosions via

# 316ICT Wichitans at Boston Marathon describe scene , reaction to bomb blasts : A barricade in #Wichita #Kansas

OMG PLEASE SHUT THE FUCK UP ABOUT YOU 'RE BOSTON CONSPIRACIES I DO N'T CARE

Thank you ! Boston Marathon Bombing : Ben Affleck and Other Celebrities With Local Ties React to Tragedy via

Let 's all take a moment of silence for Boston Marathon .

Boston Cardinal Sean O'Malley , prays for victims of Boston Marathon : via We pray f

Thinking of Boston tonight , may everyone receive the love , hope and strength they need .

VIDEO : Boston Marathon Bomber Loose as Authorities Race for Clues

McCarthy : Boston 's resolve will help the city heal after unspeakable tragedy : Tragedy struck FF

This sounds really stupid but the release of Save Rock and Roll is the only reason I could eventually fall asleep last night . #fob #boston

Off to speak at Disaster Preparedness Conference ! Continue to pray for the situation in Boston and protection of

My prayers go out to Boston today my heart is in Blacksburg . Living for 32 today.We are Virginia Tech #hokienation #utprosim #neVerforgeT

Wearing my latest race shirt in support of Boston . #prayforboston

Too many distressing pictures on twitter of Boston Marathon , ca n't even look at the # anymore .

I did n't blow up the social network yesterday bc I was too shocked . But the people in Boston r on my mind and hope everyone is staying safe

Yesterday , Boston bombings , US chopper crashed outside NK , more bombings in the middle east , and now earthquack in Iran . World is going to hell

Continuing to pray for Boston and all those affected #prayforboston

My prayers go out to my second home #Boston . Love the city I left last Monday ! But my good friends are ok and safe ! Thx God !! #PrayersSent4U

#Mubarak - Africa . #Boston - North America . #Iran - Asia . . Who 's next Europe , Australia , Or South America . . Maybe Antarctica who knows . .

America just has to get back to what matters and its the People . America is forgetting about the people , and maybe Boston will help .

The more updates I hear about the tragedy in Boston the worse it sounds and the more it hurts to know how fucked up the

My Huffington Post blog on talking to kids about the Boston Marathon bombings :

Marquette prof finished Boston Marathon just before explosions : Gary Krenz is a mathematics professor at Marqu

The Boston Marathon is held on Patriots Day each year . Let 's all take a moment to remember all the Patriots affected by yesterday 's tragedy .

Praying for you Linda , and all affected in Boston . Sorry of all of your pain , inspired by your spirit !

8:22 a.m. Previewing Saturday 's XL 102 Chili Cook-off . 8:36 a.m. Fox News from Boston . 8:41 a.m. Can any event

Dear Family and Friends , -LRB- Sorry this is so long -RRB- As many of you know , yesterday I was running the Boston

11-year-old Martinez boy injured in Boston bombings

Sat and cried when the reports about Boston came on the news this lunchtime . So sad .

So important to stay vigilant . Prayers with victims of the bombing . It 's a tragedy wherever it happens . #boston #iraq

City on ` high alert ' after Boston bombings

blaming zayn for what happened in boston is ridiculous , immature and disgusting , go swim in lava ya shower of cunts

September 11 , 2001 showed us video footage on TV now we watch video of Boston bombings on social media #lateline

D.C.-area runners reflect on a tragic marathon day in Boston #BostonMarathon #DC

Been reading a lot of sympathies for the bombing in Boston . Also read tweets questioning why the world focuses so much on the incident

Police search an apartment just outside #Boston , in Revere . Officers seen leaving with bags full of material :

On 9/11 in work in Boston they sent us home everyone was running to the trains-yesterday gave me flashbacks-struck to the core

News yesterday : madman/killer escapes . This morning : bombing in boston . This pm : Earthquake in kuwait . No news like bad

I 'm praying for you guys in Boston and sending all my love and hope that you guys will be safe soon . Be safe you guys .

Interesting interview with ex-FBI re Boston bomb / via

Solidarity with victims of attacks , both in Boston -LRB- 2 -RRB- and Iraq -LRB- 37 -RRB- today .

-LRB- H -RRB- A tragic story of two brothers , both roofers who had recently been laid off , each lost a leg in the Boston

NOT TERRORIST ! STOP BLAMING ZAYN ! pray for Boston :-RRB- #ZaynDirectionersAreAlwaysHereForYou

Feeling sick abt what happened at Boston . All of these people are civilians . How can they be so cruel . I hope the perpetrator go to hell .

Someone just asked if the Boston Marathon was in California . Wow .

Thinking of all those in Boston today . Hats off to the responders on their way to lend a helping hand

Atleast I can go on to twitter without seeing a post about Boston #shutthefuckup

i 'd wear purple for Boston . but i do n't own anything purple ,

I 'm an ARAB and I did not blow your Boston .

Just took my dog for her walk in #Boston ; feels so eerie , what a sad somber day seeing SWAT crews hearing the helicopters #PrayForBoston

This is a look at Martin Richard , the 8-year-old boy who was killed in Boston yesterday , moments after he hugged

Despite the horrible thing that happened in Boston , I 'm glad that there are people helping each other .

pretty scary driving my mom into Boston for work and seeing all of the police and FBI walking around

Boston has the most pride out of any U.S city ant now the world will know ! From Boston to the North Shore and South

Wearing all black today to pay respects to the victims of the bombing in boston #prayforboston

bravo to the first responders in Boston who reacted quickly , valiantly , and with compassion

Kenyan runner Wesley Korir tells of escape at Boston Marathon - AfricanQuarters via

Good MORNING Cupcake Land !!! I do n't know about you guys , but I 'm still struggling with the events in Boston

Chilling video of man on roof/Boston marathon .

Good morning ! Smile because you woke up this morning . Be humble though because many didnt . Still praying for Boston . Xoxo Roxi #message

See Red Cross information about the Boston Explosion at this site .

My heart goes out to the people in boston . And also to people all across the globe .

34 people die in Mogadishu , Sudan vs 3 in Boston bombings . Let it not be said we are all equal . Condolences to all wh

KIMMEL , O'BRIEN , FERGUSON Open Shows w / Comments on Boston Bombing

Sad day today ! Cowards were in Boston yesterday ! Ca n't understand why . Makes no sense ! Just plain sucks !

50 + killed in Iraq bombings ; 3 dead in Boston ; 5 in Pakistan ; 25 in Syriaour thoughts go out to all victims and their l

Patriots : Boston Marathon explosions attract an outpouring of help from city 's residents - Yahoo! Sports

Two Explosions Hit End of Boston Marathon

Thoughts and prayers remain with all of #America in the wake of yesterday 's tragedy in #Boston .

MT Good police work : at Boston airport , an official is asking every person in the security line if they have photos from scene .

BOSTON-U/D : FBI searching for 2 ppl in connection with attack . A 20 y/o being questioned at Hospital not considered a suspect at this time .

Ca n't wait to get outta Boston and play some golf in Myrtle ! May cant come soon enough

Biggest #earthquake in 50 + years in #Iran . Hundreds dead . Not a nice period in the world at the moment . #boston #tehran

I liked a video Westboro Baptist Church Hails Boston Marathon Explosion , Plans To Picket Funerals

London Marathon to go ahead Sunday in spite of Boston bombings

The DCP Team is praying for Boston and all of the people affected by yesterday 's horrible tragedy . Our hearts

Social networks and celebrities react to the Boston Marathon attack

Woah I had a dream I was at Boston 's Marathon ! WTF !!

Many prayers and much love to Boston

Hard for me to chat about junior golf right now when so many families are in pain . Prayers for #Boston .

Still ca n't believe what happened in Boston . Devastating .

It 's times like these , with saturated news coverage of a heartbreaking tragedy , that you must remember : Do n't read the comments . #Boston

God bless the first responders in Boston . #Pray4Boston

All aside bomb blast in Boston , US ! Another tragedy in 12 seconds !

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all of the victims and families affected by yesterday 's bombings at the Boston Marathon . #PrayForBoston

Just heard on the news at lunchtime , one that was killed in the Boston bombings was an eight year old boy ! So young ! :-LRB-

Lets pray for those who died or got injured at the Boston Marathon #prayforboston

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected in Boston . We are thinking of you !

Boston is actually my home away from home every summer . Praying for the #BostonMarathon victims and everyone effected . 3

-LSB- INQUIRER -RSB- London Marathon to go ahead after Boston bombings | Read :

Feel bad for all the niggaz in #Boston wait are there niggaz in Boston besides celtics players either way still sad smh

Ofcoursse dey are ! 97percent sure What do ya think the chances are that the Boston incident was a terrorist act ?

#Prayer is needed Scene at Boston Marathon explosion : photo courtesy Dan Lampariello . Live blog :

To anyone I offended last night regarding anything I said about the events in Boston . I am sorry and I did not mean to offend you at all .

A day that shows that not only can human fight n kill , but nature can too . #boston #iran

8 year old boy who was watching his Dad has been killed in the Boston bombings . Just moments after he hugged his dad . #horrifying

People of Boston today wearing #BostonMararthon jackets from this and previous marathons as a sign of respect . What an AMAZING city . #Boston

#Boston RIP never surrender to terrorists , carry on as normal then they never win

Boston Marathon bombing suspects , motive sought

My poor aunt . She lives in India . One son goes to school in Boston -LRB- and is safe -RRB- . The other works in Qatar -LRB- felt earthquake but is safe -RRB- .

EVIDENCE EMERGES ON DAY OF BOSTON ATTACK OF ROGUE MILITARY DOMESTIC TERROR OP : JOURNO

Looking at such total sweetness helps 2 ground me when tragedy occurs #peaceinlove #Boston

Not that they are making fake tweets and pictures about the Boston bombing . . Smh .

Heighten security on TTC as precaution due to the Boston incident . #Toronto

To my friends in Boston : Thinking of you today .

R hearts thots go out 2 those in Boston and 2 mental health professionals that will be helping pick up the pieces #csca13

Boston Marathon bombs : The world reactsApril 16 , 2013

Be a beacon of hope and peace when tragedy unfolds . These souls in Boston have taken a path that will ultimately

Keep calm and pray for Boston and Iran .

Senate report - Boston collected $ 174 million in federal tax $ $ for homeland security since ' 04 . Some of the spending questioned by feds

Prayers for all those in Boston . The marathon bombing has shaken the city , and those who are traumitized need our love , prayer , and support

so many photos on reddit of the boston marathon : /

Boston Marathon explosions : Newtown families witness carnage from VIP seats near finish line

Late-Night Hosts , Celebs React to Boston Explosions - 610kvnu : E! OnlineLate-Night Hosts , C #InstantFollowBack

Reporters Ran In Boston Marathon Before Covering Tragedy .

But you 're a great communicator Kristie . My condolences for the awful events in Boston

A poignant , reflective piece of writing . #boston Thank you for this .

Looks like the terrorists hate the Boston bruins #prayforboston

Boston Marathon Blasts Leave 3 Dead , 144 Injured , 17 Critically #Philly

One woman 's thoughts on the tragedy in Boston !

If you are looking for someone in Boston or know information visit Google 's Person Finder for the Boston Marathon

BOSTON is in our prayers ! Every victim and family member is in our prayers , and the cowards who did this are a TARGET !!!

#China China Reacts to Bostons Bombing : As news of the Boston Marathon bombing started spr via

My friends are taking off for a healing drumming in Boston . I ca n't go because I have an obligation i ca n't get out of .

he 's blaming muslims for the bomb that went off in boston yesterday . He 's just causing too much trouble . He 's awful .

In an address , Pres Barack Obama vowed to bring those behind the Boston attack to justice . Or , will the US invite them into Government ?

It sickens me to see greedy people capitalize on events such as the Boston Marathon Bombings to spread spam .

China condemns bombings at the Boston Marathon , offers condolences .

Russian President Vladimir Putin volunteered Russia 's assistance in the investigation of the Boston Marathon http

Deeply sadden by yesterday 's attacks in Boston . #PrayforBoston

It still gets to me house innocent people got hurt yesterday at the Boston Marathon .

To whomever is behind the Boston terror , Just remember 911 . It may take us a few years , but we will catch you . #PrayForBoston #AmericanPride

the boston globe web site is still open in one of my browser tabs from before the bombs yesterday , so sad #winners http

. . similarly . . loss of life . . today in Iran/syria . . etc. . Boston yesterday , Iraq / Mali . . we all need to take a breadth and consider life . .

Huge military , police , and not-so-undercover federal agents presence in grand central this morning God bless you Boston .

We at Tourism Cares are grateful to report that our staff , family and friends who were at the Boston Marathon are

In my knowledge of how IED 's r set up by Taliban in the Mid East the first 2 bombs yesterday in Boston show similar characteristics

I really wan na know who the guy on the top of that building in Boston wasI really think that was whose behind all this .

This whole time I thought sporting events would remain untouched . Disgusted and angry #prayforboston #boston #bostonmarathon #sportsunite

Search for status of Boston Marathon runners here : In the wake of two , and possibly three , bombs that #detroit

Wearing my Colorado Marathon shirt today on honor of those in #Boston .

Westboro Baptist threatens to picket funerals of Boston Marathon victims : Today has been a day that has tried

Sums up entirely how i feel . The Boston Marathon and the Importance of Sport | Alastair Humphreys :

No point saying pray for Boston or Pakistan etc in your tweets if your not gon na include them in your actual prayers .

Indian Intelligence Agency issues terror alert for IPL for Indian Mujahadien after Boston attack . Can this visit get more dramatic ?

Terrible scenes from Boston . This chaos happens each day in Afghanistan , Iraq etc #GivePeaceAChance

Our hearts and prayers are with those victims of the Boston Marathon explosions and our Boston friends and family .

Time to drop the bomb , and eradicate the world of evil . #Boston #terrorism #alqaida #militants

Apartment searched after Boston Marathon bombings : Police were seen carrying several large bags from a suburba

in front of #Tufts medical center in #Boston a hospital that just a few short years ago saved my life .

All my prayers go to Boston , such sad news . .

So sad for what happened in Boston , but do n't blame us Muslims

Patriots ' Day is the essence of Boston ~ Fuck these kinds of people in Boston . Not many things as sick as a patriot

Global shock : How today 's papers are covering yesterday 's horror in Boston .

Inspiring words by comedian Patton Oswalt on the sad event that occured in Boston . .

My Prayers Go Out To Those Families Who Lost Their Loved Ones During The Boston Marathon So Sad ! The days we 're living in ;-LRB-

VIDEO : Family tragedy at Boston attacks : Boston Globe reporter Kevin Cullen describes how one family beca #BBC

Senate report - Boston collected $ 174 million in federal tax $ $ for homeland security since ' 04 . Some of the spendi

Photo : United we stand with Boston . Sending light and love your way .

Setareh Sabety : Could It Be I Love Boston So Much ? : Boston is not a single event nor even a place ; Boston is

Strength and courage , bring forth our best and pray for America and our Boston solid

Prayers go out to all in Boston . May God give you the strength to come through it all #bostonmarathon

Gutless terrorist bombing in Boston yesterday . Why ca n't they ju #justvent #vent #venting

Ust heard about the #boston and the #nascar suicide . So sad , my thoughts go out to their families

I ca n't stop watching the Boston Marathon news coverage .

hi Mohammed - long time no speak . Sorry for delay , we were covering Boston yesterday . How r u ?

why was this page made in Jan the attacks happened yesterday -- #Boston

MC : Media scrambles to cover Boston explosions .

God protect Boston , am remembering m uncle Stanley !!!

Facebook Memorial set up Hours Before Boston Marathon Bombing : via

Wonder how this Boston horror will affect Louisville -LRB- Kentucky Derby -RRB- and Indianapolis -LRB- 500 -RRB- in coming weeks . Not well , I 'm guessing .

My thoughts and prayers go out to all of Boston . Such a devastating loss !!

The Red Cross sent more than 100 additional blood products to several Boston area hospitals to help meet patient needs .

VIDEO : Family tragedy at Boston attacks : Boston Globe reporter Kevin Cullen describes how one family bec #News

Extemists in the middle east celebrated the #BostonMarathon attack , now they get a taste of it #iran #pakistan #earthquake #Boston

Thinking and praying for those people at the marathon who had gruesome injuries described as a war zone . #Boston

Healing begins with a smile . Take a sec from the news think of something that will make you smile . We wo n't forget , we will endure #Boston

We have sixth anniversary of VT the day after what happened in Boston . It 's all too much .

Boston marathon When is it gunna end America ?

Comforting to see anchoring from Boston -LRB- cont -RRB-

Boston Bomb Attack No Excuse for Media Speculation - Democratic Underground

Thank you ! With love from Boston . : 0 -RRB-

Patriots , let 's show our true colors as we stand with Boston ! #Patriotism #Boston

Who is Martin Richard ? The 8-year-old victim killed in the #Boston Marathon bombings :

Was able to pick up my race bag this morning . Walking near the finish just caused a flood of emotion . Keep #boston in y

Me 2 MT To show support for #Boston , today I will find a Boston-based biz and shop there . I refuse to let

Am Mr.boombosstick ! i just bombed ! Boston !

Here 's the corrupted source . #Israeli News Agency Exploits Deaths At #Boston To PEdlle Anti #Hammas Agenda ?

Please prayer for the victims and families of the Boston bombing .

Looking for a Boston shirt to wear for my half marathon .

Helicopters circling over #Boston Common , but lots of people still out for their morning run , despite everything .

It was always on my bucket list to run the Boston marathon Pretty sure I 'm over that dream . .

I do n't understand why someone would want to post the Boston photos online #Horrendous

It 's so sick people are making up stories about Boston marathon ! #prayforboston

The Most Uplifting Pictures From The Boston Marathon Twin Bombings via

My thoughts and prayers are with all those affected by yesterday 's tragic events in #Boston .

I join with you all #Lightworkers in sending prayers of #healing #consolation to #BOSTON all those affected !

Performance art is thriving in Boston - Theater art - The Boston Globe - another great piece about the

Living for 32 , and for those in Boston , today . neVer forgeT 4.16.07 #hokienation

clt resident Neil norton was with Cynthia watching his dad run in #bostonmarathon says he will return to boston

So has any group stepped forward to claim responsibility for the Boston attack ?

Our prayers got out to Boston and everyone affected by this tragedy .

Our thoughts today are with all those that have been affected in the boston bombing .

Boston Marathon Explosions : ` Like a War Zone ' | Watch the video - Yahoo! News via

I hope you can sleep well cashing on the poor victims of #boston and asking the world to kill Muslims you are a

Photo : Boston pride from the Kaiju Korner Facebook page

Watch #CSISLive NOW ! ` Dr. Hamre giving opening remarks and paying respects to those affected by yesterday 's events in #Boston

if i was the dad of the 8 yr old killed by the bomb in boston i 'd like to get my hands on that bomber i mean who wouldnt want to -

Wow earthquake in Iran and blasts in Boston Does n't look like a good week for the world .

Are y' all really surprised about this Boston marathon thing ?

My Boston thoughts after 5 years of working the mile 18 water stop : #boston #runstrong #runhappy

not overly , but people seem to get involved more when it 's 1st world I.e Boston

My thoughts and prayers are still with those in Boston and those with loved ones there

Boston bombing , Iran earthquake , church burns down in Athens . We are in some dark times but I still believe the good will prevail #Praying

thoughts still with Boston and think about the people in southern Iran who got hit by a huge earthquake

My heart is still in Boston but glad that I can spread some joy through sweets . Enter to win some Keep It Sweet

Our hearts and prayers go out to all involved in the Boston explosions .

Everyone 's wearing their Boston Celtics jerseys today ! #ChicagoPraysForBoston

we are thinking of you Boston . Stay strong ! Our deepest condolance to the affected families .

: My prayers are with the runners and families living in Boston . No words can ease your pain and grief , yet I

Kudos to Barney Frank for using the bombing in Boston to point out how important big government is . Quickly turned off CNN . Again .

D.C. officials adding extra security to Emancipation Day festivities today after yesterday 's bombings in Boston :

A young Ethiopian athelete won the 2013 Boston Marathon with a time of 2h 10m 22s #CongratulationsLelisaDesisa #WinnerBostonMarathon2013

Flags at half staff outside Boston City Hall in honor of #bostonmarathon

And , as expected , the Belly Button Pirate has already made an inappropriate comment about the bombings in #Boston . I hate that guy .

6 years ago today we dealt w/the VirginiaTech shooting , 6 years later we deal w/the Boston Marathon explosionsDear Lord , give peace !

Some of the stories coming out of Boston , of people throwing themselves on top of children to protect the , of people opening their homes

Today was supposed to be about hope and the human spirit ! Thoughts and prayers are w / #Boston

Good Tuesday afternoon everyone . Hope you all had a peaceful day so far after yesterday 's tragic events in Boston . Take care be well !

Everyone 's wearing purple for Boston ? All I got is a purple dress shirt . . Hmmm

Terrorists like to make us believe society is fragile . Truth is , society is vulnerable , but resilient . The Boston victims are our beloved

Tremendous story from and about all the Tri-City folks who were running in Boston on Monday

My heart my prayers goes out to the great people of Boston following the tragic events of yesterday !

So many heros in Boston . . for every monster out there we have cities filled with people that have compassion .

I am running in the Boston 1/2 Marathon in 5 weeks though :-RRB-

^ demo experimental by via #tuesdaystunes ddt 2 the good folks of Boston town

Thoughts and prayers still being sent out to Boston . Praying my family and their friends from the area and their safety .

glad you were safe bro while in Boston . Now go party with some dominicanos in the Bronx ! Pa ' que lo sepa !

Thoughts prayers to anyone affected by the bombing in Boston . #PrayForBoston

3 people die in Boston , huge coverage and everyone freaks out . 6 bombs and 42 dead in Iraq . Where is the coverage ? Where

joins us now to give his thoughts on Boston Marathon his daily Cardinals report . Listen live on KFNS or

Seriously guys You 're accusing Zayn of being a terrorist and that he caused the bombing in Boston . . Grow up , please #Weloveyouzaynmalik

As a Bruins and Canucks fan since I was a kid I hope this had nothing to do with what happened in Boston

I 'm not gon na pray for Boston . . That 's stupid , ill pray for the killed and injured people but a city ? Seriously people ?

Sun came up this morning . We 'll get past this . #boston

I 'm glad to see the increase of security in NYC today . This should n't be necessary tho . Boston your in my prayers ! #NYC #Boston #Merica

Please everyone pray for Boston bombing victims , hope God can heal perfectly those that survived the disaster . .

The ppl Boston , the Irish , Italians , ect will show . You can knock us down , but we get up and come back Swinging !

Prayers going out to th ose affected by the Boston bombing . . Thanks Jesus for ur protection .

tragedy occurs one day . my peeps step up . the next day comes . we keep on marching #BOSTON #MyCity

I 'm trying to decide if it 's righteous indignation or pure anger and frustration about what went on in Boston .

Healing love light to all people affected by the #Boston explosion which is truly everyone . It 's a horrific means to an unresolvable end .

Joined next by Boston Marathon spectator Kelly Cardon , who was near the finish line at the time of the explosions .

Just so everyone knows The Boston marathon is 18 and older . . No 8 year old was running . Stop exaggerating .

#Celtics and #Bruins games called off after Boston Marathon bombings via

Dear This is a letter/prayer to Boston from me . Could u see that at least 1 person reads it ?

R.I.P Martin the 8 year old who passed in the Boston explosion it was n't ?

So Valid question time . Who won the Boston marathon .

Egypt politicians react to #Boston bombings , Brotherhood leader Essam al-Erian implies conspiracy

Cruelty . Losing a leg while you 're running a marathon . #Boston

GoodKnight BH BSB Sistas !! My thoughts and prayers are with everyone in Boston :-LRB- #PrayerForBoston #godspeed

Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone that was affected by yesterday 's tragic event in Boston .

#Boston #marathon #bombing happened on same day as ` controlled explosion ' drill by Boston bomb squad via

Sending prayers to all those affected by the Boston bombing !!

Naptural ! I love her ! She 's from Boston , like me . :-RRB-

On days such as today , newspaper front pages really hit home . Today 's Boston-related fronts from around the globe :

Prayers to the City of Boston and welcome home Texans .

Today my thoughts and prayers are with Blacksburg and Boston . Two places that I have called home and love . #livefor32 #BostonMarathon

Sorry for bitching . I was just frustrated . I do realize how good I have it . Lets all keep Boston and vtech in our prayers

Boston Marathon : Scot among seriously injured in US bomb blasts | News | Glasgow | STV

On days such as today , newspaper front pages really hit home . Today 's Boston-related fronts from around the globe : h

Our thoughts go out to all those affected by the Boston Marathon bombings . We hope to keep you updated on the investigation .

Pray for EVERYONE injured or killed in Boston .

THIS See those police , firefighters , EMTs helping people in Boston ? It 's April 15 . This

Good morning . We 're following all aspects of the Boston terror attack . Plus what is happening on Capitol Hill on a number of fronts .

Wear a race shirt today , if possible #Boston

Special show by Siren FM this afternoon discussing the Boston bomb attack - 5 pm to 7 pm UK time via #RT

Evil has hit us once again with hurt , doubt and hate . But as we pray for Boston we look at every person who is

It 's a sad world we live in when I get an espn alert that says two bombs went off at the Boston marathon and it is n't surprising or shocking

R U A DICKHEAD ? Boston Marathon Bombings : Pakistani Taliban Deny Involvement : TTP has bee #asexual #agender # 8

Jammin Fri Night with Colton James band Cabana . Sending good vibes to those affected by the Boston

thank you for tweeting about Boston . It means a lot to us living here

Prayers and thoughts with the people of Boston , and those effected by the explosions

so happy to hear she 's ok , BUTTs will be keeping all you NUTTs in our thoughts this week as Boston recovers . #bostonteamsunite

Wearing my NYC marathon shirt for Boston today . #boston

Our hearts and prayers go out to all of Boston Back To Boston by Dirty Shannon on #SoundCloud

How did Mr Rogers become the spokesman for the Boston tragedy ? In 20 years , will the Wiggles be the voice against violence ?

this boy said Obama set up the bombs at the Boston Marathonthe ignorance .

Our thoughts go out to all those affected by the Boston Marathon explosions . #BostonMarathon

A Prayer Service for the Victims of the Boston Marathon Bombings #REteacher #PrayforBoston

My condolence goes out to the city of Boston n all family member of anyone that was hurt or killed yesterday in the

Watching the news on the Boston marathon breaks my heart . Prayers being sent . #heartbreaking

St. Louis marathon organizers respond to Boston Marathon tragedy

Wow the explosion happened at boston . . I am speechless but 3 were dead . . My regards for the family of the ones who died #prayforboston

Our prayers are with the people of Boston . We are grateful for the work , dedication and talent of the emergency personnel in our ERs .

Wake Forest Students Shocked by Boston Marathon bombings

That shit in Boston is making me depressed , what the heck is wrong with people

My teacher seriously just made a joke about the bombings in Boston . #ignorance

My prayers are with #Boston , such a tragic thing to happen . . My heart goes out to all those affected

Sending an abundance of love for all those affected by the Boston Marathon

Our hearts and prayers go out to those in Boston who 's lives have been touched by such a horrible act .

2013 Boston Marathon -- Runners left on course pull together after blasts : Runners on the cou #NFL #Boston #LB

After the Boston attack ysterday , I did n't promote the #Speak4RAINN campaign . Also turned down a speaking gig last night . Felt disrespectful

blowing people 's legs off while they 're runnin a marathon #coincidence #fuckedup #prayforboston

The Spirit of Massachusetts is the Spirit of America , the Spirit of the Red , White and Blue we 're with you Boston .

-LSB- BBJ : Startups/VC -RSB- Boston tech raising funds to support marathon blast victims

At least 3 are dead over 100 wounded after two large explosions struck near the finish line of the Boston Marathon

96 countries took part in theBoston Marathon today , this wasan attack on the world , not justAmerica . Pray for

Thankful for I heart radio so I can listen while on vacation in Savannah . Very touched by your broadcast ! Praying for Boston !

Boston Marathon bombs rock local Episcopalians

This day has been terrible . . Boston bomb and the earthquake in IranAnd everybody that dies in Afghanistan . R.I.P All the victims : /

I 'm so sorry those who lost their relatives in the Boston Marathon #PrayForBoston

Bombs Explode at Boston Marathon : Read more

We must get on our knees Pray ! The people of this World need to know God ! My Heart goes out to #Boston but who

So the 1st victim to be named in the Boston explosions is an 8 year old kid called martin , dam #rip

Was planning on running my 1st marathon in NYC but think ill be changing it to run the Boston marathon next year . #merica

My Music , My Life and The World : Boston Bombings.Pictures . . * Sad *

Thank you to all out 1st responders they truly are heroes ! # Boston Marathon # pray for Boston

To the man who lost his girlfriend at the Boston Marathon , waiting at the finish like with a sign asking for her to mar

Our thoughts and prayers go out to Boston during this tragedy 3 #prayforboston

do u real think Bin Laden is responsible 4 d Boston Marathon bombing ?

For those not treating their love right . A guy in Boston just lost his love before proposing to her

Our thoughts are with all those affected by the tragedy in Boston yesterday .

Tips on how to talk to your children about the #BostonMarathon bombings #prayforboston

Yupp i told you fuckers we bombed boston you kno how much money America got yesterday cuz of it an we had test drills all day before

Watching videos of events in Boston , show me how amazing 1st responders civilians react bravely in times of terror .

The people posting fake pictures of the Boston Marathon bombings are just as effed up as the people who set the bombs off . You freaks .

Prayers , from The Fine Line Market and our family , for those suffering in Boston .

So many inspiring stories and images of people helping the injured in Boston right after the explosions - good prevails

All my Family in BOSTON I love you guys ! SOoo blessed your ok ! I 'm praying for the families and Send my condolences !! #GiG #American

Incredible catch on day Paul R rode . Even when playing , was thinking about ppl in Boston . God Bless

Felling kind of kinky today . Here 's some #tittytuesday Boston your in our thoughts

Saddened to hear about what 's happened in boston smh people are some sick fucks !!

Hey all , new show tomorrow at 7 pm est -LRB- Wed 4/17 -RRB- . Here are just some of the topics we will be discussing : Boston

My heart and condolences goes out to the people in Boston and families . What is AMERICA coming to !!!

After Boston Marathon blasts horror , citizens extend kindness to runners

Tuned in CNN last night for a few . Their obvious rush to find Boston bombings were domestic and not foreign source shows anti-American bias .

Have events in #Boston made you re-think running the #londonmarathon ? Will you still go + watch ? Let us know at

My thoughts are with the city of Boston and everyone effected by this horrific situation .

My heart goes out to Boston and the innocent people who 's lives are now turned upside down.I do not understand WHY .

Emotional to hear that London Marathon runners will cross the line on Sunday with #handsoverhearts as mark of respect for Boston

When tragedy like the Boston Explosion strikes , parents are often at a loss on what to tell their children . How

Wtf the boston marathon attack.kanwgjuerngoerangaerognaoerwi -LSB- gnawolgn

I do n't see how praying for boston is gon na help anything -LRB- '_' -RRB-

Have a good night . Did you hear about what happened in Boston ?

The mother and sister of an 8-year-old boy who died are among the 130 people being treated for injuries at Boston .

I 'm so sorry about what happened in Boston , yeah I 'm a little late but praying for the families there #Boston #prayforboston

In the Boston horror there is a fantastic story of a US patriot even though he was born elsewhere

This will make a difference the day after Boston

Thoughts and prayers r with those affected by #Boston bombing

PLEASE let the #wbc come to protest ANYTHING in Boston . Just so we can run them right out of the city .

London Marathon 2013 : security plans for capital face review following Boston Marathon bomb blasts via

All the Boston mentioning is making me think about my uncle to think that Boston Hospital was where I last saw my uncle before he past away .

all MLB teams should wear Red Sox hats in support of Boston this weekend - wonderful idea by my dad RT to make it happen !

Breaking News : #Laois UUP : Boston blasts ` revive Omagh memory '

Pray for Boston Pray for Iran ! Allah plz give peace to the world . :-LRB- ! The Victims May Rest In Peace .

In memory of the people who lost there lives in Boston . #purpleforboston

Will be trying hard to do business as usual today , but my heart will be in Boston .

I feel terrible for victims in Boston!I strongly believe its an internal attack.Its so sad to see such civilized nation suffer this way #USA

R Boston , Massachusetts , where our thoughts are - our #sunset tonight #P2 #bigbluemarble #BostonMarathon http

So saddened to hear about the tragedy at the Boston Marathon . Thinking of all the lives affected and wondering who could do such a thing .

New Blog People Mistakenly Think Actress Denise Richards ' Son Died in Boston Bombings

Thoughts and Prayers go out to those affect by Boston Marathon Tragedy !

Ottawa Senators v Boston Bruins hockey Live Stream 15.04.2013

Join AACC in Praying for Boston - Yesterday , a horrific tragedy took place at the Boston Marathon . Two deadly bomb

Thoughts are with the families of the victims in the Boston marathon ! Tragic events !

Tragedy in Boston prayers for the survivors as we are reminded of how evil unpredictable this fallen world

It really hits you when instead of traditional marathon jackets and medals you see FBI and SWAT teams in Downtown Bost

awkward that everyone is reposting a photo of a little girl saying she was the one killed in boston but it was actually a boy who died

Never been more proud to have run a marathon or qualified for Boston . Strength and Solidarity set them apart praying for all involved .

no siertoo - . - arent you sad about what happened in boston ? : ccc

I wish I was already a nurse . I would volunteer what I could for Boston .

The Lede : Live Updates on the Aftermath of the Boston Marathon Explosions : The mother and sister #NewsOnTweet _

Bizarrketing : People Mistakenly Think Actress Denise Richards ' Son Died in Boston Bombings

Eyewitness Account from Boston Globe Reporter

Downtown Boston Remains Crime Scene : The day after two powerful bombs exploded near the finish line of the Bos

So many feelings about Boston . Too many for 140 characters . Will write soon . Sending love , for realz .

Pray for Boston . So what with the Boston ?

If you 're selling today 's edition of the Boston Globe on EBay for $ 9.99 -- you 're part of the problem .

Boston Marathon bombings : coverage from around the nation

Pray for Boston . I just heard the news :-LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB-

Thoughts and prayers with everyone affected by the tragedy in Boston yesterday .

Amtrak : Normal ops , more patrols , sweeps of stations , track right-of-ways in wake of Boston Marathon explosions .

Saddened by the news of Boston bombing but I still believe the world is filled with more good people than evil ones ! #prayforboston

I 'm in purple today ! To our Boston ! Thoughts and prayers to all those affected

You ca n't go on a boat , ca n't go to school , or run in a marathon pray for Boston

Waking up to shocking news of the Boston bombings . My thoughts and prayers to the victims , their families and the city .

RT I ca n't handle the media and pictures right nowgo away , this is our home . Leave it alone , people are grieving . #boston

Our thoughts are with those in Boston this morning . Hoping everyone , including our alumni and members of the Union c

Boston Marathon Bombing Guide via

I knew I had not contacted all my friends Boston . And I surely cant forget about you . I appreciate you more !!!

The Boston Marathon Bombing : Keep Calm and Carry On . Refuse to be terrorized .

read : John Hancock , March 5 , 1774 : Delivered at Boston , on the anniversary of the Boston Massacre of 1770

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the city of Boston and anyone affected by yesterday 's tragedy .

honestly wtf first afghan bombing then boston then earthquakes ?

Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the explosions that devastated the Boston Marathon and the city of Boston .

Foursquare 's Dennis Crowley Live-Tweets Boston Marathon Bombings

In the news like the Boston explosion where three Americans died because the media are cunts .

Boston Marathon : Heroes Can Be Found in More Than Just Athletes - - from

for the person who said zayn was the cause for the boston thing your pretty stupid ! grrrrr !!! #prayforboston

I plan to run 4.09 miles tonight . That is the time that was showing on the Boston timeclock .

Done anyone know of any practical ways people can lend a helping hand in Boston ? Pastor friends in Boston , are

Where To Donate Blood For Boston Victims

Sending prayers out for the innocent people caught up in the Boston tragedy

thanks . I am just happy that those bombs did n't blow up on Sunday because I was in Boston :-LRB-

Knowing Boston , there are people waking today devoted to making this Day 1 of their preparation for 2014 's Marathon , to

A Korea dont got no time to play drd lol my boy done set couple bombs in Boston

8-year-old boy killed in Boston Marathon blasts identified RIP Martin Richard - prayer for his

Boston Lockport Block Co single wood Pulley nautical

US official : 2 more explosives found at Boston Marathon what dishonor 4 those have commited this act claudio alpaca

if congress wants to prevent another Boston they could start by approving a head of the ATF .

Thoughts and prayers go out this morning to all of those people affected by the terrible events in Boston .

For Boston marathon I just finished a 4.07 mi run with Nike + Running . #nikeplus

I do n't know how tf people are already making jokes about the Boston marathon .

Boston my heart goes out to you and I am so saddended by another vicious attempt to put fear back in our hearts . I hope they are caught

My heart is in my home state today 3 #Boston #Massachusetts

if there is a bombing , it does n't mean it 's the muslim fault . . #prayforboston

Feelings alternate between sadness anger when watching/reading about the scenes in Boston . Who thinks they have the right to take life ?!

Country Stars React To Boston Marathon Tragedy - via

The good news is that is we were in Boston , would have been bombed I would be safe

Words ca n't express our sorrow for the victims/families and the people in Boston . You 're in our prayers .

do n't blame Muslims with the bombing in boston . the one do that is not muslim , but it 's the terrorist . and that 's different #Prayforboston

Cant believe the pics im seein of boston

I was so concerned with the people I knew would be in Boston , I forgot to worry about others . A friend was between the two bombs , but ok .

I 'm REALLY not going to believe that these bombs were terrorist . . #prayforboston

I wan na run in the 2014 Boston Marathon .

I saw the news today in school , it 's really sad and terrible , wishing luck for everyone in Boston #prayforboston

Great new art and a perfect message for Boston . Thanks #boston2013

Thoughts and prayers go out to every country that experience what Boston did yesterday , EVERYDAY , which is not televis

to America , do not blame Muslims for the bomb in boston . .

My prayers and sympathy go out to those affected by the tragedy in Boston yesterday .

USA : FBI launches manhunt in wake of Boston bombings

78 Year Old Man Gets Knocked Over By Boston Bomb Blast , Gets Up and Finishes Marathon | WCVQ-FM : Q1

Injury count in Boston Marathon bombings rises above 150 . Death toll remains at 3 . via #PrayforBoston

Going about my normal routine feels oddheart heavy for Boston . Lifting all up in prayer today . Will you join me ?

Amen ! I will be praying for the Boston victims too . Good luck in the playoffs against our Millwaukee Bucks

Is it bad that my teacher is asking me about what happened in boston and i have no idea ?

Tragic pain has hit our Country , we must push forward ! Continue to pray keep all the people in Boston in our prayer !! #onedayatatime

I am wearing Blue and Yellow today -LRB- boston marathon colors -RRB- in honor of the victims yesterday .

Rough Day for Country and Markets : Horrible news out of Boston this afternoon as we have another one of those

The Man n the Cowboy Hat , Carlos Arredondo , a Hero of the #Boston Bombings #lnyhbt #foxnews #media #tcot #tlot #ocra

has shipped hundreds of pints to Boston in wake of yesterday 's tragedy . Donate today to help replenish

Can the Boston Bombings Increase our Sympathy for Iraq and Syria , for All Such Victims ? | Common Dreams

Boston Marathon Bombing : Ben Affleck , Pink , Miley Cyrus React : ` Such a senseless and tragic day , ' writes Affle

I 'm glad to have represented the Marathon Team in Boston headed back to Wilmington now .

has joined us , is discussing #WilmDE security changes protocols following the Boston Marathon attack yesterday . #netDE

Ppl in Boston and around the world do n't need our tweets , they need our actually wholehearted prayers !!

OMG I LIVE IN BOSTON AND SCARED AND THX FOR ALL THOSE PPL ON INSTGRAM AND TWITTER FOR ALL THOSE PRAYERS

Good Morning , keep in our hearts Victims of Boston

Thinking about Boston today and the people we are working with there .

The city of Boston is in all our thoughts and prayers at Ciao Bella Salon .

My thoughts and love to those affected in Boston today !

Trending now : America on alert as explosion rocks Boston

Going Faster Miles an Hour . I 'm in love with the Modern World . Massachusetts when it 's late at Night . #Boston

The Latest : Terror at Boston Marathon : 3 dead , 144 wounded as witnesses describe horror |

Powerful , heart-wrenching photos from the Boston Marathon explosions . -LRB- WARNING : some photos are graphic -RRB-

Suddenly , many Nigerians are now Boston residentspraying for boston . Whereas they 've not prayed for their own country being bombed daily

Good Morning ! We send out our condolences to the victims of the Marathon bombings in the Boston area . Let 's

Boston Marathon was sad but not many people died so FBI do your thing everyone else morn and move on , everyone 's life is about to get harder

Just want to send out my wishes to my extended family and friends in my second home of Boston . Stay strong everyone #boston

Jesus , please be with the victims , their families and their friends of the Boston marathon . Peace and comfort amen

It is both heartbreaking and difficult to accept How can we make a change for the future ? #boston

Heart goes out to Boston . Condolences to those who have lost their loved ones .

the radio dj just said , best thing You can do today . . is give someone from Boston the letter R

can not believe people are saying that it was Zayn who was to blame for what happened in Boston ! just because he is a Muslim omg

Attacks like Aurora , Sandy Hook Boston are Designed to Disrupt Normalcy in America , Depriving us from feeling safe in school/movies/public

On another note , My prayers are with #Boston and all of the people who lost their loved ones . #GodBless

This Truth will prevail ! thanks for sharing the picture , our thoughts and our prayers are with the people of Boston

Hmmm Bomb sniffing dogs at the Boston Marathon before the race .

Maybe we should all stop complaining about our lives and how we do n't want to go to school , and actually take the time pray for Boston .

Here 's Chris Doc 's phone call with Boston Marathon runner Amy Feit from Luverne , MN .

Gang of Eight delay rollout of immigration bill after Boston blasts ; intro on Thurs. 2 continue , press events delayed ht

Boston Marathon blasts kill 3 , injure 144 via

MT UT Tower bells to honor Boston Marathon victims :

Boston Explosions Footage -LRB- viewer discretion adviced -RRB- : RIP those who died :-LRB-

I wonder how many of y' all have actually prayed for Boston . .

Marathons are supposed to be expressions of human joy . On the terror in Boston .

Whut happened in Boston was fucked up Pray fa dem

Has American freedom reached the finish line ? : The fallout from the deadly bombing at the Boston Marathon on M

Boston bombings likely home-grown , experts say - ABC News

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected by the tragic Boston Marathon explosions on Monday , April 15 .

Boston on radio all day but Baghdad worse . 31 killed 200 wounded Monday in cities across Iraq .

Jay JP will have Kim Howard live this morning at 8:20 on #TheMorningBrew . Kim ran the Boston Marathon yesterday ,

i 'm not really in a good mood now , since i heard a lot of hates to Zayn and for blaming him to what happened in Boston #StoptheHate crapp

NO FATHER FIGURE by William Boston via #soundcloud the shit i woke up to lol too funny

Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield tweeted a picture of Boston from space to offer condolences . http

#NigerianDailyNews Westboro Baptist Church celebrates Boston Marathon Explosion : There 's no trage #daily #news

Coping with the Boston Marathon Bombing | Men 's Health News

Probably not . SOP at large public events nowadays , Boston is especially security-aware . Would see same in NYC , too .

so i come home and this boston bombing all over the news as a terrorist attackyesterday it was gas leak explosion

A great resource on how to talk to your kids about the attack in Boston :

My heart and prayers truly goes out to those in Boston . Have no fear for God is with you .

Boston Marathon Bombing Creates Fear of Further Such Attacks

Sending our thoughts and deepest sympathies to everyone in the City of Boston and all those affected !

Boston-unexpected-cowardly-man against man-blood bath and loss of life . For what gain ?

Our thoughts and hearts remain with the city of Boston .

My heart is sooooooo heavy today for #Boston and for the entire country . We must be vigilant !!!!

One-mile run in memory of Boston bombing victims today at 2:50 . Gather at 2:40 p.m. outside Interfaith Center #NationalRunForBostonVictims

Getting ready to go out for a few miles - wearing my Boston Tufts 10K for Women shirt . Are you running today ?

My love and thoughts go out to Boston right now after this senseless act of violence .

Morning all . Horrible day yesterday . In addition to what happened in Boston , we had not one , but two kiddos in

hey sorry missed your tweet -- horrible day for Boston , MA yday :-LRB- -- link :

It is yet 24 hours since the atrocities in Boston , but somehow trending is a relatively obscure French tennis player . Why World ? Why ?

#jobs4u #jobs Sustainability Director - Manufacturing / Corporate Facilities , -LSB- Boston , #MA -RSB- #manufacturing

Seeing and hearing of the events in Boston makes it all so real as to the reality of how one split second can

-LCB- Google -RCB- Bomb type offers clues to Boston attackers - USA Today - USA TODAY

Boston victim 8-year-old Martin Richard was slain while waiting to hug his father ; police search apartment of

My prayers goes out to the victims of the marathon bombing in Boston as well as the victims of the earthquake in Iran .

Ca n't believe westboro baptist church are going to picket the funerals of those who died in Boston . Complete contradiction of their ` faith '

God damn Boston . Fuck 's wrong with u people bombing during a marathon

Fucking ignorant to presume the Boston bombings were at the hands of a Muslim .

My thoughts prayers are with all my loves in Boston today . Keep your heads high ! #PrayforBoston #staystrong

Jessica , Thank you for the RT , especially for our thoughts and prayers to the people of Boston .

Now 152 injured 3 Killed :-LRB- sad #boston marathon

#Modi 's obsession with US is clear again - very quick to comment on Boston bombing , no word for 32 death in Iraq , 30 in Afghan today !

Boston bomb attack Iran earthquake What 's Next ?

Another false flag -LRB- car bombing Boston -RRB- operation in USA . Witch civilian rights will government grab now ?

Boston Marathon Bombing , Sandy Hook Shooting and Virginia Tech Shooting ! Check it out : via

Sending our thoughts and prayers to everyone affected by the Boston tragedy . Today , we reflect about the gift of

- You 've probably already got a -LRB- note , not mad , just discussing -RRB- plane going from A to B if it 's Boston to Phoenix -LRB- c -RRB-

rangers supporter injured in the boston bombing get well soon chris watp

Watch : Boston Bombing and April 15 's Dark History : The day or the marathon bombing was the anniversary of som

IRS Issues Extra Time , Statement on Boston Marathon Explosions - Forbes

#newswitsimpset in that Boston bombing there were 4 bombs only two went off #urwelcome

We are deeply saddened by the tragedy at the Boston Marathon send our prayers and sincere condolences . Our hearts go out to Boston

Pray that all Americans indeed all people of goodwill in the world find the courage to let God alone Judge the selfish Boston terror act

Thoughts go out to the people effects by the Boston bombing #Boston horrible people out there !

Whether it happens in Boston or Baghdad , such lack of respect for human life is disgusting ! My prayers go out to

good morning frm sk , can . kids and i said prayers last nite for ppl of boston , again this am

To Iraq and Boston , my thoughts are with you .

Photo of 8-year-old Martin Richard of Dorchester , who was killed in the Boston Marathon bombings

There have been more texts , emails , phone calls in the last 24 hours from all over just checking in.Feeling the love the heartbreak #Boston

the name is K Star Easy bitch google me !!!!! #FBGM #MassWave #Boston

The horrible images from today 's global newspapers , may god be with you Boston #bostonmarathon

Shock and Sadness Over Boston Marathon : Celebrities Send their Messages of Hope on Twitter : Celebrities have t

3 dead in Boston , 40 in Iran . . who makes headlines ? The US of course .

#Indonesia JAT have now posted article on #Boston bombings . Aholes have taken sick pleasure in our painsay its proof US can still be hit .

Great insight from How to tweet and -LRB- how not to tweet -RRB- during a national tragedy : #boston

The Boston bombing was unprecedented . It also , I write , was extremely similar to several American atrocities .

Thoughts and prayers go to the people affected by the bombing in Boston 3 #prayforboston

This man is AMAZING . Boston marathon explosion : Eyewitness report -LRB- Carlos and Melida Arredondo -RRB- : via

This morning we 'll speak to eyewitnesses of the explosions in #Boston , plus we 'll get the latest developments from

Boston Blast : Officials Have 2 Key Sources of Evidence : Forensic Analysis And Eyewitness Reports . #security #boston

Indian Origin Doctor Running in Boston Marathon Tended to ` Piles of Victims '

Pray for Boston :-LRB- Is this true ? Magppropose pa naman daw yung guy :-LRB- / 3

the bombing in boston is the worst terrorist attack since 9/11 . that 's why it 's everywhere . . duh

Nigga if I become a rapper Ima go to Boston . . heard I could really blow up there

Boston Marathon bombing : Watch moments of silence around NHL in honor of victims , city -LRB- Video -RRB- : The National H

while you guys #prayforboston please do n't forgot to #prayforiraq as well . there was a bombing at iraq too .

My eyes are tearing up reading all these tweets about Boston ! Its so sad . #PrayersforBoston

Has anyone thought about how maybe that attack on Boston was planned for New York if the Mayor did n't cancel the NYC marathon due to Sandy

The Boston bombings enhance the fear ; terrorist war is on our homeland . Explosive devices r more dangerous than armed citizens !

My inclination is to say I 'm praying for the ppl of Boston . But really , it is all of us . My heart does go out to them . Yet I must pra

Our deepest sympathies go out to those affected by the tragic events that took place in Boston #PrayforBoston

My heart goes out today to all the people that were involved in the Boston Marathon bombing . I have run the New

Rockies reliever Adam Ottavino 's Boston ties make tragedy hard to take

You might consider Dr. Keith Ablow 's perspective as well on #BostonMarathon Bombing . #fox25 #PrayForBoston

the worst decision that baptist church full of brainwashed crazies could do , is come up to Boston

This kid in my class is making jokes about the bomb in Boston . Ignorant ass hole .

A Fox News reporter 's reaction to the #Boston incident .

FBI and other officials will provide an update on the Boston Marathon bombing investigation at 8:30 am . Hear it live on

To tell you the truth I really miss Boston . I want to go back .

Hanging on to hope for good in the world - prayers for Boston #haiga #haiku #poetrymonth #spring #boston

Keeping Boston , and those effected by Monday 's tragedy in our thoughts and prayers today

#PrayForIran earth quack disaster , hopeful for the victims will be ok . And #PrayForBoston bombing attack in Boston Marathon . Just sad

Two things we already know : This will be the biggest story in US for days ; the Boston Marathon will never be the same .

Boston marathon bombing - BBC News : CBC.caBoston marathon bombingBBC Newstweets : Heavy security at South Stati

May God bless Boston . Tragedy make them became stronger . Post traumatic make them growth . Pray for Boston .

crazy that I was just in Boston in Januaryprayers go out to everyone . #PrayersForBoston

McCarthy : Boston 's resolve will help the city heal after unspeakable tragedy -LRB- Tragedy

The Lede : Live Updates on the Aftermath of the Boston Marathon Explosions : The mother and sister o

Photo of 8-year-old Martin Richard of Dorchester , who was killed in the Boston Marathon bombings Via

McCarthy : Boston 's resolve will help the city heal after unspeakable tragedy -LRB- Tragedy struck all of Boston -

Some very powerful #photos coming in from #boston , what do people think about #photography when people are suffering around them , bad taste ?

Lets all send some light and healing to Boston

We 're always so eager to forget that monsters are real , and live amongst us #Boston

Our thoughts are with those in #Boston and #iran as they make sense of the tragedy and chaos around them .

A different perspective Boston explosions : ` Please do n't be Arabs or Muslims ' - Opinion-Al Jazeera English

how are you all doing today my friends in boston

Tragic that such an empowering fitness event could be the target for such a tragedy ! Prayers to Boston Marathoners

Good morning and happy Tuesday . We 've still got #Boston in our thoughts , taking inspiration from their strength and res

Westboro Baptist Church Plans To Picket Funerals Of Boston Marathon Victimsthey really have no respect for

Hope , never loose it ! SIGN the sympathy card for the victims of the Boston Marathon explosions via

Our thoughts and prayers are with those in Boston who were affected by the tragic events .

In the news at 8 : the latest from Boston , how St. Louis has prepared , today 's mine workers protest , and more . Listen : http

Busy days for global reporters , from Venezuela to Boston to Iran/Pakistan earthquake . I admire those who 've been working on this non-stop .

Happy 4 ^ 2 day Boston ! General Hospital - w / 4 others -RRB-

Do n't say you 're praying for Boston and do n't act on it , it 's needed .

My heart goes out 2 d people of boston dis news is so sad :-LRB-

My heart goes out to all those in Boston who volunteered to help those in need in this tragedy .

Good morning ! God is good !! Families of Boston still in my prayers

30 killed by an American missile in Afghanistan celebrating at a wedding ceremonyand 3 in Boston. :-LRB- how many more lives ???

Boston Marathon bombing kills 3 , injures over 140 - Canon City Daily Record

Im with you , focusing on what happened yesterday in Boston . It wouldnt feel right if you didnt . Sports will be there tomorrow .

Video : Internet responds to Boston tragedy

You know who you are we will find you . I will pray for the family in boston @

Proud of the stories out of Boston . A horrible event , but it brings to light the everyday heroes who live amongst us .

This blog offers a couple of thoughts as we process our grief around yesterday 's sad day in Boston .

Our thoughts are with the friends and families of all those affected by yesterday 's events in Boston . #BostonMarathon

This Boston explosion makes me so sad man :-LRB-

Special report on Boston Marthon bombings coming up at 7:30 MST on #krqe

Modernistic multiplication towards unaccustomed york see else boston , discordant auto distich companies yea disj : . rFl

zayn malik is a terroist zayn malik bombed boston you 're stupid if you judge someone coz of their religion

Saudi student was standing near the finish line in Boston when bombs exploded . His account of what happened :

Cable news speculating on #Boston bomber is disgusting . I miss the days when we only reported facts .

Who cares now ! There 's BOSTON !!! :D

Praise God my cousins ' daughter was ok - Boston Marathon - Mile 15 - Last minute decision not to go to the finish line Praise God !

Why would you plant bombs at a Boston marathon taking peoples lives.This world is very very sad . #boston #Sad #world #bomb

This is horrific Boston Marathon explosion definitely injured bystanders and athletes :--LRB- who would do this ??

has shipped hundreds of pints to Boston in wake of yesterday 's tragedy . Donate today to help replenish htt

Good Morning my love , I thought about you upon hearing about the Boston Marathon blast since you love to run , Take Care Always !

#ZaynDirectionersAreAlwaysHereForYou love you Zayn sorry about all the idiots with this Boston thing 3

A Glowing Message Of Hope For Boston via

2 extra bombs were found near the finish line in Boston God did n't let them go off .

What happened in Boston ? tell me if you do n't mind ?

Video : Congressman : America is focused on Boston and the victims via MSNBC #Politics

I think it 's so disrespectful for all the parody accounts to make up those fake sob stories about people in Boston .

They gone be talking about this bomb in Boston in every class I do n't even believe the shit true to be frrl . .

Breaking News : #San Bernardino Southern California runners react to Boston Marathon tragedy

Our thoughts and prayers are with all those affected by yesterday 's tragic bombing in Boston . Hoping they

Keep getting ads for hotels in Boston asking me to stay . I know it 's preprogrammed . But it 's creepy .

I kno it was terror in Boston last night but I wann pray for them n thank #GOD I 'm alive !

Well if only bombs do n't exists . #prayforboston #PrayForIraq

#RISEandGrind An important message to remember this somber morning . We are all Boston today . #PrayForBoston

Oh so now you all care about the bombing that happened in Boston ; Bombing in Palestine is a normal routine now ! #logic #humanity

Sending my love to those who are affected by the tragedy that happened at boston

Massachusetts brothers watching Boston Marathon reportedly each lose a leg | Fox News via

RIP HAS A NAME : Martin Richard , 8 year old boy killed in the Boston Marathon explosion PLEASE RT

Busy days for global reporters , from Venezuela to Boston to Iran/Pakistan earthquake . I admire those who 've been working on

If you 're going to post ootd , do n't tag pray for Boston with it . We do n't need to see that shit or you smiling acting like you care .

Boston - After Blast Horror , Many Bostonians Extend Kindness To Runners

Yesterday was too tragic with this Boston Bombing R.I.P. to those who died

As we try to come to terms with the awful events in Boston the spirit togetherness of the running community shines through #keeponrunning

Just heard about Boston bombings , . my thoughts and prayers are with the victims families . #tragedy #andallforwhat ?

neVer forgeT . Live for 32 . Pray for Boston

my prayers to all the bomb victums in boston last evening #dearjesus

Today is a day of resilience . Prayers for all those victims and their families in Boston .

6 yrs later , the main lingering emotion from the VT tragedy is Pride for how #Hokies came together . I hope one day Boston feels the same .

Our hearts go out to everyone affected by yesterday 's tragedy in Boston . We are thinking of you ; stay strong .

Chaos after bombs in Boston marathon . #uatweets

We are all praying for the comfort and healing of the families in Boston . God 's grace is sufficient even in this season of pain and sorrow .

Our thoughts and prayers are with all those affected by the tragedy at the Boston Marathon yesterday . We 're also

Everybody keep Reposting a little girl got killed yesterday in Boston . Watch the news it was a little boy .

R.i.p to all the people who died during the Boston bombs

U.S. investigators hunt for clues in Boston bombing | General Headlines | Comcast Too little too late reaction . !

Needing suggestions for a 2.62 mile loop in DC for #boston support run .

For the sake of His sorrowful Passion , have mercy on us and on the whole world.Praying for Boston .

Social media helped spread important , up-to-date information and connected friends/family together in the aftermath of the Boston

no here in Boston they 're saying an electrical fire

gotcha.tragedy news is so encompassing here in Boston right now , my mind went there . Sorry if I sounded like a troll before .

Exactly How many died at the Boston Marathon Bombing ? :-LRB-

Yesterday was a sad day for Boston and for us all .

5 things you can do for Boston that is more effective than Prayer .

Especially for Boston ! We have all been given the gift of free will . The Lord is my anchor in the st

See assault guns did n't cause that shit n Boston

Hospital emergency chief on Boston Marathon bombing injuries : Lower limb , shrapnel injuries prevalent

Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone affected by the tragedy in Boston yesterday .

If you missed it -- My take on #Boston #marathon and terrorism : #risk #asymmetry

Dude , car bombings there happen once a month , at least . The Boston attack was the first attack in US soil since 911 .

It 's my birthday today and my friend treats me like sh*t , there was a terrorist attack in Boston , and people are calling Zayn a terrorist : /

we will find the bomber in Boston , justice will be served , healing has begun.be thankful .

May Jehovah guide us and protect us as we are in Boston today and may he be our consolation for the hurt we feel for our beloved #Boston

-LSB- BBC World News -RSB- VIDEO : Family tragedy at Boston attacks : Boston Globe reporter Kevin Cullen describes how one

Love you , Chicago . Sports page of shows support for Boston . -LRB- pic via

Odd things have happened around this date : Branch Davidian raid/OKC bombing -LRB- 4/19 -RRB- , Virginia Tech shooting -LRB- 4/16 -RRB- , Boston Marathon -LRB- 4/15 -RRB- .

Really sad . He Has A Name : Martin Richard , 8 Year Old Boy Killed In The Boston Marathon Explosion -LRB- PHOTOS -RRB-

London Marathon , the next scheduled major race , will go on Sunday despite terror threat #Boston

Just bein honest , i dont wana hear about Boston . It 'll be on the new for weeks . How many innocent people do we kill in iraq a day ? #duh

Boston Marathon bombings : Celtics ' home game vs. Pacers canceled

Good grief . Times Square redux . US Forest Service PR rep blames Boston bombing on Tea Party

Capital Tonight : Boston blasts raise security concerns nationwide

As we pray for Boston , and for all who suffer , grieve and for healing , let us also ask the Lord to change the

God Speed ! Be careful everyone - be aware of your surroundings . Prayers still going out to Boston and the victims .

It 's a new day ! My thoughts are with #Boston

My thoughts condolences for the victims their family 's of the Boston bombings ! ! !

My thoughts and prayers go out to Boston and everyone affected by it , this is horrible , what kind of sick sadistic fucktard would do this ?

Our thoughts are with those affected by the tragedy at the Boston Marathon .

Why are people RT ` ing a photo of random girl saying that she died in the Boston bombing when it was an 8 year old boy #SickFucks

Race shirt under my blazer today . #runchat #boston

you have to come back to trill records yungmuny executives . R Kelly wants to do a charity concert with us for Boston .

Patton oswalt has one of the best responses to the bombing in Boston

I 'm gon na do a few #NAJGivesYouTheGoodJamz today , all with jamz to lift the spirits of those in #Boston .

NewarkStarLedger : The Boston Marathon : How you can help

In Boston yesterday 140 + people injured . Dozen in critical condition 3 casualties not a bullet was fired . Guns are not the problem .

Nothing subtle about Fox 's coverage , they had a split screen with terrorists training and the Boston Marathon bombin

The President still ca n't call boston terrorism ?

Keith Yandle # 8217 ; s skate tribute to Boston Marathon #attack victims

ICYMI - Podcast - Conservative Brotherhood - 4/15 Christopher Harris on #Boston

Feel for the people in Boston 3 dead over 140 injured all for what ? For some terriost cunts to get a message out !!!

Must remember to do this on Sunday . Still so upset #Boston #handsoverhearts #vlm2013

President Responds to Boston Marathon Bombing :

setting intentions in #yoga for #boston today . Prayers for everyone effected .

Awww all nice people of Boston offering to those who are helpless , needs a place to stay These people are amazing .

Feeling helpless as I watched what 's unfolding in Boston 5,000 miles away . Thoughts with everyone .

My deepest condolences to the friends and familys of those who were lost in the Boston marathon bombing .

Sen. Prez Don Gaetz says budget chief Jerry McDaniel ran in Boston marathon yesterday , was not injured .

Thoughts and prayers to our friends , family and everyone in Boston .

Boston Tragedy - Our entire Works of Life Family sends prayers out to those injured and to the families of those killed in this tragedy .

It seems some people have mad jokes about the Boston bombingexcuse me while I vomit .

78-year-old marathoner knocked down , got up and finished .

#securityservices Boston Marathon attack : How secure are marathons ? : Despite the diligent efforts of security

Please pray for these people who are deeply injured or passed away by the bomb at Boston marathon . .

Oh Westboro Baptist , this is not the day to go to Boston and start your usual odious circus of the damned . You will be e

As I predicted The Boston attack is the topic of conversation in my English class #colkegelife #prayforboston

With Boston blasts , law enforcement plunges into the unknown - Los Angeles Times #PoliceNews

Praying for Boston . Very sad moment and believing justice will prevail #prayforboston

God bless the people of Boston and Mass.In days 2 come , truth will out.This may be WETHEPPL 's reality check . #Letfreedomring

Special prayers for all of Boston 's first responders #PrayForBoston #FireFighters #EMS #Police

I junk what happened yesterday in Boston is weighing heavy on all of our hearts so we will all #pray4boston

i dont wan na hear about Boston anymore , its sad .

Alex Jones Declares Boston A False Flag Operation , FBI Behind Every Domestic Terror Plot | SouthWeb Org

Yes , people are getting killed everywhere -LRB- here 's looking at you , Mid . East -RRB- , but it does n't mean #Boston bombings are unworthy of attention

Marathons are supposed to show humanity at its best : something I wrote for

I think Carpenter is going to go on a rant about Boston .

NYC public safety measures in the wake of the Boston Marathon attacks

I 'm not surprised about what happened at the Boston Marathon

KING AFRICA A ATACADO BOSTON , BOOOOMBA

I refuse to believe the boston marathon bombings were random acts of violence

Suddenly , many Nigerians are now Boston residentspraying for boston . Whereas they 've not prayed for their own country

On air now : with a full hour on Boston . joins us from Boston 's Listen :

Today we are all Bostonians . Boston , we stand with you in solidarity and prayer .

There are no precedents to the Boston Marathon being attacked . That 's all .

The story of the a Sacramento runner who survived the tragedy yesterday at the Boston Marathon .

Former reporter doing some great work for up in Boston during tough times .

Our prayers with the people of Boston . May justice be done.May the healing be thorough .

Prayers for Boston , Moving Parsonage , Driveway Improvements : E-news from ITUMC -

Thanks for your touching tweet for those affected in Boston . Here is how you can help :

Our thoughts and hearts go out to all of the victims and families of the bombing in Boston . Praying for peace and comfort .

Until Monday 's marathon attack , Boston had experienced 16 acts of terrorism since 1970 , and none since 1995

favorite Bobby Jon , Stephanie La Grossa , Boston Rob , Penner , Malcolm . BEST Parvati , Boston Rob , Sandra , Rich Hatch , Todd.Your ?

I ca n't really run yet but my walking 5k tonight will be for #Boston #runforboston

Oasis Biz TV sends prayers to all the families businesses affected by the terrible bombing in Boston ! STAY STRONG !

Terrible what happened in Boston.there was no need for it . . why try to ruin the peace ? #horrible

` Injured brown-skinned man tackled by Boston bystander then arrested after acting suspiciously ' ie running from -LRB- rather than towards -RRB- blast

So sad RT : Photo of 8-year-old Martin Richard of Dorchester , who was killed in the Boston bombings

Why is US reacting so much to Boston Marathon , it happens in India all the time , has been happening all these years

tbh it was gods punishment for them bombing boston but polar bears are good enough

hey Denise I 'm on way to work and after yesterday in Boston could you play god bless the USA ? Thanks

The utmost condolences to those affected by the Boston Marathon disaster , No matter the magnitude , its salvation through HIM that saves

Thankful to see another day , Pray For Boston !!!!

Now they talkin about this boston shit !

Better mood boston bomber yeah yeah

In the wake of the Boston Marathon tragedy , it 's another walke-up call for us to appreciate each moment we are alive

American attack is very dangerous for Boston marathon

Feeling for all those in Boston today so heartbreaking hope that you all are okay xo

Our thoughts prayers go out to Boston and everyone affected by this terrible ordeal .

48 Leaves Realistic Boston Fern Bush Silk Plant #Artificial #Boston #Bush #Fern #Leaves #Plant #REALISTIC #Silk

My heart breaks when I watch the boston video . so many people are injured and dead . .

LOL ! I was caught in the Boston moment .

Sunday 's London Marathon will go ahead despite deadly blasts at Boston event . Our independence day celebration moved to Aso Rock after

Any new updates with the Boston bombing

All my love for the people in Boston . I 'm speechless

If the bombings occurred In africa , I do n't think it would get the same response and media coverage Still saddened tho #prayforboston :--LRB-

Our thoughts are with all those affected by the tragic news this week from #Iraq #Syria #Boston -LRB- Amnesty -RRB- #irane

Downtown Boston Remains Crime Scene : The day after two powerful bombs exploded near the finish #ReneGuzman_13

Fight boko haram , bring them to book . Only 2 souls lost in Boston , Obama vowed to persecute who ever is guilty in the Boston explosion .

Listen to a news conference set for 6:30 AM PT with update on Boston Marathon explosions . Listen live 89.3 FM here :

My condolences to all who lost love ones in Boston . To my cousin who works at Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston keep up the great work

Who did Boston explosion ? Pakistani Taliban denies involvement in Boston bombings

oh shit he has 11 % body fat instead of 12 % so we see his muscles ! Ohhhhh shit stepback ! At least he did it for Boston .

Good Morning !! Keep Boston in your thoughts and prayers today ! Love and light :-RRB-

Watching the news now and the Boston bombing is on , damn whoever is responsible , those poor people and their families and friends T ___ T

8 yr old Martin died yesterday in Boston as he ran to congratulate his dad at the finish . Praying for the Richards . ht

Perspective / / The Boston Marathon Bombing : Keep Calm and Carry On

Salvation Army provides support in Boston

Crazy how the Boston attacks are on the news but the same day over 100 people were killed in a earthquake in Pakistan and no one knows

I 'm doing good , listening to all the horror of the Boston Marathon explosions , such a tragedy , how are you ?

I 'm so tied of the immense hypocrisy w / parents.u 're shielding ur kids from #boston news BUT their daily violence intake is OK . #fullofshit

I do , however , mourn for Boston and all those affected in the tragedy . My heart goes out to those victims and their families #prayforboston

thinking about my friends in Boston . One of my first songs was written after 9/11 . Its things like this you never want to inspire a song .

Our hearts and thoughts with those impacted by the events at the Boston Marathon .

Please tell me you guys are taping a show today ? What happened in Boston is sad but I can only listen to so much of it . Crazy .

London Marathon to go ahead after Boston bombings : Determined to put on a show of ` solidarity ' f #sports #news

Boston Marathon explosions : Fear of copycat bombings grips New York , Washington D.C. and London via

Thank you for all that you do ! My friends and family are safe because of you ! #grateful #boston

Ugh do n't feel like watching these videos today at work . #sad #boston #thoughtsandprayers #nbcsports

I want to help . I NEED to help #Boston

-LRB- 3 of 7 -RRB- BOSTON BOMBINGS . NY Daily News pages 4-5 .

They wo n't call the Boston incident terrorism?Did it cause terror ? Then it 's terrorism . Wether international or local , doe

Heard about what happened in Boston . Stay strong . Pray for Boston . All Americans stand with the people of Boston .

As of yet no one has taken credit for The Boston Marathon Terrorist Attack . There are 150 people who were

Im thankful for living in Canada . We dont to have to encounter such things like a bombing . Thank you jesus . #prayforboston .

totally agree mate , the world we now live in I 'm afraid , some roasters going on about karma cause it 's Boston #FFS

#Prayers still goin out 2 those in Boston

God bless all of Boston ! They need prayers #praying

After learning more about the Boston Marathon Explosion , I felt sad and how I wish I can help them . Pray for

In the aftermath of the Boston marathon explosions yesterday our hearts , and our prayers are with you all

man ! maybe i should collapse myself that did BOSTON GOT CABOOM

Our thoughts prayers are with #Boston . If able , consider making an appointment to donate blood :

I liked a video from Reporter Claims Boston Bombings FALSE FLAG

But I didnr say that about this situation though . AND not about Boston , at all . Your Tweet is libelous .

myfonts : Messages of support from NYC to Boston . -LRB- via NYC Light

Sorry about putting up so many links to my stories this morning . Did n't post yesterday out of respect for #Boston

Innocent people are raped , assaulted , murdered everyday . Boston was unfortunate - but that 's not the only tragedy that nee

Sad about . Heart with the victims and their families . / / Boston Marathon bombs : the early theories via

NY1 : City On High Alert As Police Investigate Deadly Boston Blasts #nyc

78-year-old runner OK after being knocked down by Boston Marathon blast #swfl

Good morning , Moving Buddies ! Here is some inspiration to join us in moving for Boston . Check the event pinned at

Latest on Boston bombing in 9:30 am news conference . CNN live coverage

I know it 's dangerous , but it 'd be cool if everyone finished the Boston Marathon at another day , just to get back at

Obviously we all want person responsible for #Boston attack to be brought to justice , but remember we have this thing called due process .

Feel sry 4 d dead nd d injured families those effected frm Boston bomb blast.blast z nature could be by d terrorists alone .

US Boston explosion : 2 killed100injuredSomalia : 15 kids died today cosofhunger Afghanistan : 30 -LRB- cont -RRB-

Neighbors recall Boston marathon bombing victim , 8 - Apr 16 AM ET

Really ca n't believe what happen in Boston it 's terrible news ! #prayforboston R.I.P 3

When one suffers , we all suffer . Healing thoughts of love and strength for Boston .

Prayers go out to that 8 year old boy Martin Richards that lost his life yesterday at the Boston Marathon ! #martinrichard #PrayersForBoston

11 #CMU students volunteering at #BostonMarathon safe , but ` shaken up ' by bombing -LRB- via

LOL!Sister in Boston either.I saw it live at Catalonian TVand call her . . before they cut cell phones communic . !

Hey New England directioners.who 's heading to when it opens in Boston this weekend !? # 1DBoston

Our thoughts are with all those affected by the explosions in Boston . May they find comfort in knowing that the nation cares .

Dey still talkin bout dat Boston bombing

Heading up to Boston in a few , to spend some time with And Boston .

Why do innocent people hv 2 get injured or die so man can prove a point . My prayers go out 2 the family 's in #Boston . #RIP Martin Richard

Seeing alot about Boston where only three died from a small bomb yet nothing about potentially 100s dead after earthquake in Iran ? #pray4iran

2013 Boston Marathon Explosion : Official Information Sources -LRB- Note Facebook is NOT official . -RRB-

Prayers go out to the ppl injuried in Boston

We are very saddened shocked to hear of the explosions at the Boston Marathon . Our thoughts best wishes to those affected by the tragedy

I find it abhorrently impersonal that ppl indiscriminately share memes regarding boston exp . Use ur own words !

TODAY , 4/16/13 | Peace Here and Everywhere - Boston Vigil on the Common | Occupy Boston - Occupy Boston

#REPORT : Ball bearings pulled from bodies of many of the victims of the #BostonMarathon attack . More #Boston

They better make a marathon to pay tribute to the Boston Marathon . #yoddawgiherduliekmarathons

my heart and prayers go out to all those effected by the explosions at the boston marathon

Call me iof you want at 617-852-8484 . Send your cell . I am calling The Boston Globe to do a story on you .

Still can not fathom what happened yesterday in Boston . #Unbelievable #Prayers

Instead of tweeting about praying for Boston , how about we actually pray , for Boston .

Loud thunder storms all last night in Bangkok . Back to Blighty tonight . Be Brave Boston X

Share this picture and retweet to show your love and support for Boston on Friday by wearing your #sneakersforboston

Thoughts + prayers with teachers in Boston . It is n't easy to stand before a class after tragedy , but you are our best hope

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims of this tragic events in Boston . We are all Beantowners today .

someone just called what happen yesterday the Boston massacre 2 get me out of here

my brother is in boston and he only went yesterday , but hes fine -LRB- thank god -RRB- he got contact with us xxxx

I do n't understand why people make up lies about everything . All these fake stories already going around about Boston .

Boston bombings witness recalls Mumbai attacks - Indian Express Don worry B Happy

#Music #youtube Boston Marathon Bombing : Ben Affleck , Pink , Miley Cyrus React : ` Such a senseless and

WEAR PURPLE FOR BOSTON TODAY ! #PRAY4BOSTON RETWEET TO GET THE WORD OUT !

Boston bombs and now this earthquake in Iran ? Stop it !

Terrible scenes from Boston . Thinking of all caught in it or who are worried for loved ones caught in it . #prayforbo

Praying for the comfort and peace that only God can provide in times like this for the people in Boston .

Sending prayers up for Boston . God Bless America and all those suffering from yet another tragedy !!

Thinking about those in Boston Praying for speedy a recovery for those involved and the city itself .

I ca n't stop thinking about the tragedy in Boston yesterday . I 've been dreaming about it . My prayers go out to

#PublicHealth News : Boston injuries similar to U.S. troops , Newtown parents back violence study .

Boston blasts a warning for Olympics : Russia

MY thoughts prayers to those who died those injured at the Boston Marathon.My you RIP Martin Richard ,8 a life gone too soon

Tuesday Top Ten Inspirational Images Out of Boston

Something really is n't adding up with this explosion in Boston incident They 're definitely hiding some crucial info !

Surely makes you wonder ~ Boston Marathon Bombing Facebook Page Created 2 Days PRIOR ? : via

Everyone in Massachusetts considers Boston their second home . We 're 6 million hearts beating together tonight , from P-T

If you want to read about something marginally less awful than what happened in Boston , here is my Battenkill report :

Did an 8-year-old boy or girl die in the Boston Marathon bombing ? I do n't know why some people would lie about it .

My prayers go out to Boston and those who were injured . After beig speechless , I ca n't imagine how everyone there feels

Some accounts from area residents at #Boston marathon :

nak wat camne . a tribute to boston marathon

Boston Marathon bombings death toll : Martin Richard , 8 , named as 1 of 3 victims , 152 are injured | Mail Online

My view of the city sees flight paths from Logan taking planes directly behind Prudential . Was n't really disconcerting before today . #Boston

I swear to GOD , if I see one more tweet undermining the events in Boston yesterday I 'm going to kill someone #GoFuckYourself #Boston

Amby Burfoot : So Close , Yet So Far via Thoughts from a 1968 Boston Marathon winner who ran yesterday

Prayers needed for this whole system of thingsnot just #Boston

Sad scene at Stephanie 's On Newbury this morning . Tables still set . Boston Marathon

Today has a different feel about it . Not sure what , but do know why #Boston

Very rarely see things that makes question free speech . Westboro Baptist Church threatens to picket #Boston funerals

R.I.P. to the 8 year kid that was at the Boston Marathon that lost his life over sum bullshit

Classes are free today at for anyone who needs it . I am so proud to be a #Boston yogi today . I love my city .

Found the race shirt from my first half marathon ever . #prayforboston

Sorry we have been MIA this past week.We are back but due to the tragedy in our home town of Boston we will be slow getting back into things

RIP Martin Boston Marathon Explosions : Three Dead

My blessings goes out to those plp in Boston God Bless Them

An average of 5 people died daily from terrorism in Nigeria , most people are absent minded . 2 died in boston the whole word

Big love to the people affected in Boston ! Thoughts go out to you 's ! #OMS #PrayForBoston

Two explosions at the finish line of the #Boston Marathon have killed 3 injured more than 100 . Our prayers with them !!

Peace . Neighbors recall Boston bombing victim Martin Richard as a vivacious 8-year-old who loved to run :

3 dead in Boston , every other tweet mentions it . At least 40 dead in Iran quake , eery silence . Twitter is curious sometimes .

Great story by ' Tovia Smith on the Boston recap . Something I have n't heard a couple crying because they reunited after the chaos

We 'll carry a live news conference from Boston Police and the FBI . That 's at 6:30 am Pdx time .

Pacers traveling party safe in Boston following explosions | Fox 59

So grateful that Singapore does n't have to experience such terror disaster . But still , i hope things will get better for people in Boston .

Media in #boston near scene of yesterday 's explosion

Boston blast witness : all the injuries were to the lower legs . One man had both legs blown off below the knees . Could n't find his feet .

Truly incredible R FL man who set himself on fire after son 's death in ' 04 , was a hero in Boston :

So much hate for Boston bombers !!!!

Lets get this straight : what happened in Boston = Horrible , whats happening in the arab world = Horrible as well .

Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone impacted by the terrible tragedy at the Boston Marathon yesterday . #prayforboston

All y' all saying pray for Boston , but who is actually praying ? Practice what you preach .

We are saddened to hear of today 's tragic news in Boston . Our hearts go out to all those affected .

Are there any news about our Boston players , Bill ? Just too worried about the bombings on the Boston Marathon

The Spanish consul in Boston has been fired due to his negligence in the aftermath of the bombings . Time to appoint a REAL Spaniard .

Seeking Staff Accountant for 7 to 9 month Contract #Boston #Jobs

Donning my #purple shirt and my #boston #redsox hat with pride today . #prayforboston

I do n't want to be that guy but that picture with the little girl who died in Boston is fake It was a 8 year old bo

Hy heart goes out to #Boston be Strong !

My heart goes out to those affected by the hideous actions in Boston and around the world . We ca n't get through

#Westboro Baptist Church Will Picket #Boston Bomb Funerals via #WBC #OpWBC

To the #coward -LRB- s -RRB- who killed and hurt all of those innocent people in #Boston yesterday We will find you and we will make you suffer !

We 're with you Boston York City

Boston Marathon Bombing Shocks Ad Agencies and Marketers :

Wearing a race shirt today in honor of Boston . No finish line we ca n't cross together .

Join me in praying for Boston , Massachusetts .

Boston blast witness : I initially thought it came from the storefront but a police officer told me it came from a trash can

Local doctor just feet away when first bomb explodes in Boston #BostonMarathon

Boston looks like we are going to war . Police everywhere . Military tanks lined up back to back . Messed with the wrong dam

cc A 78-Year-Old Marathoner Knocked Down By The Explosions Got Up And Finished via

The servicemen at MIT/Kendall making me cry . #Boston

Its sad cuz pray for Boston has just become a trivial hashtag , how many people are actually praying #GodAsnwersPrayers #NotHashtags

` Praying ' for Boston will do fuck all . If you want to help , donate to the Red Cross who are operating there .

Just completed a 3.38 mi run - Ran a 5k this morning for Boston ! #RunKeeper

8-year-old Martin Richard of Dorchester among three killed in #Boston bombings , his mother and sister reportedly severely injured .

Obama 's Speech On Boston Marathon Explosions : ` American People Will Say A Prayer For Boston

NYSE NASDAQ hold a moments silence for the Boston Marathon tragedy

Our thoughts are with all affected by the explosions in Boston last night .

Sending prayers for the Boston Marathoners and everyone affected by this tragedy .

BOSTON met ` MORE THAN A FEELING ' #cityfm #classicrock #nowplaying

Got my marathon shirt on today in support for Boston ! Even more determined to run okc now !!

Graphic : Boston Marathon bombs mapped with key incidents : Interactive graphic with the locations of the blasts

What a tragedy in Boston when the day was suppose to be filled with such happiness . Our thoughts and prayers go

Everyone in shock about carnage in Boston . 30 cm snow in Denver , more on the way

Touching , MT The devotes the cover of its sports section to Boston today :

Justin Bieber and Celebs React to Boston Marathon Bomb Explosion ! via

I hope some of you on twitter and others find their families who were at Boston Marathon yesterday , i 'm on my knee and praying a lot to GOD

Just saw some well-written Facebook post on the Boston bombings and human nature in general -

Our thoughts remain with all those affected by the tragedy that took place in Boston yesterday .

Every time I turn on the tv , the number of injured people in yesterday 's bombing keeps going up #PrayForBoston

my darlings friends . . come on with tweet for #Boston !!

My heart goes out to those who lost their lives in Boston , but will yours go out to my brothers , sisters and children dying daily in syria . .

Dlm negeri dl urusin pak R BarackObama Indonesians and I are deeply saddened by the Boston bombings . Our prayers are with the

Our hearts and prayers are with the bombing victims of the Boston Marathon .

I hope vigils for Boston incident are private we need 2stop TVing this type of grief because evil people like 2see itare encouraged by it !

I 'm going to run the Boston Marathon before I die for the victims of the bombing yesterday .

Ben Affleck , Mark Wahlberg More Boston Celebs Tweet About Tragedy pls retweet Follow #celebrity

Have heard from a lot of young alums in Boston checking in . Thanks for letting us know you 're ok . #huskynation #husk

Enjoying the little things today ! Thankful for this life and those around me , sending love and prayers to #Boston #faith #thankGodforheros

I wonder if this earthquake will get as much media attention as the Boston bombing

I just donated to Jack 's Boston Marathon . Please check out this amazing cause right now .

I know it 's a free country freedom of speech and all but how da fuck is the Boston marathon explosion a conspiracy ??

Our thoughts and prayers for the victims and the people of Boston today .

The media makes me sick to my stomach with their coverage of the Boston Marathon -LRB- more -RRB-

Our thoughts and prayers are with Boston and all those affected by yesterday 's tragedy .

So proud to a SJA student right now , just did a prayer service for Boston #prayersforboston #schoolpride

These Boston marathon pictures are just as depressing as the sand hook shooting pictures . #bostonmarathon

Story on the Boston Cowboy , wow -LRB- h/t -

Glad my fam in boston ok

30 victims of Boston Marathon explosions were Code Red , meaning life-threatening injuries - law enforcement

#TWOS is on the air . Thoughts and prayers out to Boston . Mark Loretta , one time member of the Red Sox , will join us at 8:30 .

News Dallas Apartment searched as feds seek suspects , motive in Boston bombings

MT Today more than 1,000 members continue to assist local authorities after the bombings in Boston .

what happened in Boston ? 8 yr old boy killed waiting for dad to finish . That is n't terror ?

Reading CPS affidavits and waiting to learn about bond status and arraignment for Friday 's shooter . Local news is discussing VT and Boston .

Heartbrking : Boston runner/dad 8 year old boy killed . Boy ran to greet dad -- dad went to register time -- boy back in line as bomb went off .

Seeing all these photos and reading these articles about the Boston Marathon breaks my heart .

call it a fashion statement . We 're just glad y' all are safe up there in #boston . Sending #RVA love to your new home .

Heading to Boston in a few weeks to do some shows . Prayers for everyone who was hurt yesterday

I ca n't help but wonder which unalienable rights the left will demand following the Boston bombing .

New post : Boston On My Mind

Today more than 1,000 members continue to assist local authorities after the bombings in Boston : h

A must-read column on yesterday 's tragedy by Boston Globe columnist Kevin Cullen .

One Saudi who was among the injured is being questioned . An apartment in Revere was raided last night , two men there are questioned . #boston

Our thoughts are with those affected in the Boston Marathon yesterday . The EB managing committee is on site and

Explosions at the Boston Marathon fking erg !!!

Denver Post : A vicious act of terror in Boston

Marshall Wharf is sending all of its canned inventory down to Boston this week , and challenging other New England breweri

Many friends and business partners in Boston yesterday . You renewed my faith in your toughness . God Bless #bostonmarathon

Y ! India terror : PM writes to Obama condemning ` senseless ' Boston bombings : New Delhi , April 16 -LRB- IANS -RRB- Strongl

Boston yesterday , earthquake Iran today , it be easy to feel all is lost but there is still so much good and beauty in the world #prayforiran

Awaiting a news conference from FBI , Boston PD on the Marathon bombings . #WBZ will carry it live at approx. 9:30 AM . #marathonbombing

My heart is so heavy for the families in Boston tonight . This country and this world needs God more than ever right now .

New York Times ' Columnist Kristof Plays Politics With Boston Bombing : ` Shame on Senate Republicans '

Or thoughts and prayers are with you Boston : -RRB- Stay strong :-RRB-

I do n't have purple to wear today so I wore my Boston celtics shirt . . f u stupid bombers , no one fucks w beantown

All our love and hope going out to Boston . Horrible news .

I do n't have kids but is really that difficult to talk to your children about tragedies like Boston ? It seems like a media created story .

Whoever caused the disaster in Boston , SHAME ON YOU !!!!

KLIF will carry a live news conference out of Boston for the latest on the bombing investigation . Start time is 8:30 . #daveandamy

feeling bad about the Boston bombing and the earthquake in Iran devastating to wake up to :-LRB-

Our deepest sympathy goes out to all those effected by the tragedy in Boston . We are all Bostonians today .

Third grader Martin Richard , 8 , was one of three dead in Boston Marathon explosion - -LRB- from

If we learned anything about yesterday 's tragedy in Boston . Hug the ones you love . Do n't hold grudges . Time is a gift .

I 'd like to extend my thoughts and deepest sympathies to everyone affected by the tragedy in Boston yesterday .

In a few minutes , investigators in Boston are planning to hold a news conference updating their search for those

So I 'm going to be in the Paper tomorrow talking about The Boston Marathon which I am clearly a specialist subject on -LRB- ! -RRB- . Check it out .

We will break into for the press conference at 9:30 from Boston

Gooodmorningg Everyonn ! , . Pray yall have a Great dayyyy ;-RRB- , . Keep Boston Folks in Prayer ! , . My hearts goes out to them !

#Np pray-Justin Bieber -LRB- thinking about Boston -RRB- #prayforboston

amazed at the folks who ran TO the explosions to help . not knowing if there were more . #boston

Our hearts and thoughts are with Boston and all those who were affected by this tragedy .

#ThoughtsOverAMCoffee : Boston is one of the closest knit big cities in America . We are united . We will find and conquer

The blasts occured seconds apart on Boylston Street , Boston - BBC News : BBC NewsThe blasts occured seconds apa

ICYMI we 've heard abt several , check back for updates - Help us confirm if local Boston Marathon runners are OK -

Next time you mention something about Rus/US relationships , remember this : flowers at the US Embassy in Moscow #Boston

Praying for the families in Boston . I hate that this tragedy has happened but to see everyone come together and support them is awesome .

I liked a video from BOMBAS CORREO EN MARATON DE BOSTON

Our hearts go out to the city of Boston and everyone impacted by this tragic turn of events .

Our thoughts are with the many West Cork people in Boston at this difficult time for them .

Going to run the Nike DC event on April 28 and after the Boston incident this verse came to mind For God has

My heart goes 2 all does dat were involved in d boston bombin #sad #

Thinking this is good for today after the Boston Marathon tragedy

Oh its so sad , but what do you think about the explosion in boston . . ? ; c

Downtown Boston Remains a Crime Scene - New York Times - New York TimesDowntown Boston Remains a Crime SceneNew Yo

I wish I can wear a race shirt to honour the 3 person that died and more 130 injured . . In Boston

#Boston atrocity was not planned or initiated by a christian -LRB- s -RRB- . No one who values human life would do such a thing . Idiots Propaganda

#prayforboston what kind of sick minded fuck could bomb innocent people . this country sickens me .

As much as we should have all our prayers going out to Boston . does have to keep showing those bloody pics of hurt ppl ? #disturbing

In the wake of the tragedy in Boston , today we will focus on the individuals who are responsible . We all must

At least 144 Boston Marathon bombing victims treated in hospitals

god bless u.God bless Boston .

Still praying for all of those affected by the Boston bombings

7 AM Pacific Time . 10 AM Boston Time . Prayers go out to all affected by the unfortunate and tragedy yesterday .

` More than 4,000 people put their personal info on the Internet because they wanted to help a stranger . ' #Boston

People got ta stop trying to analyze the bombing in Boston . Leave it to the pros , then you can point fingers and arg

I 'm soooooo srry for boston n I pray n hope for them 2 be strong

Horrible , horrible stories . Pray for Boston and everywhere else to hope this just wo n't happen ever again

Latest Info from FBI #Boston news conference at 9:30 . Watch it live on . #tweet10 .

I have a feeling we 're going to know pretty soon . And I have a sick feeling this was domestic . #boston

I traveled to Chicago a few years back and fell in love with the city . It reminded me so much of Boston . It almost felt like home .

Every1 attention goes 2 bombing in Boston , however this also happened on the other part of the world

AFTER BOSTON YESTERDAY Still I 'm Sad - Rainbow : Learn more Let 's ROCK the GLOBE BETTER ! TP

Our prayers are with the people of Boston and all who were present at the marathon yesterday . May God bring

The ponders initial theories on #BostonMararthon bomb blasts : right-wingers of al-Qaeda ? they ask

I see people are still tweeting the picture of that bloke/woman on the roof at Boston . You should all be detectives #WasteOfATrade #Boston

More people died in Chicago over the weekend than at the Boston Marathon , yet no coverage . Thugs shooting thugs I guess is not interesting .

Keith Yandle , Ben Revere Among Many In Sports World To Show Support For Boston On Monday Night

Example of military presence we 've seen throughout Boston last night and today

Not sayin anything against the Boston explosion but we have soldiers that get blown up everyday in Iraq and Afghanistan #JustSaying

If u think that muslims have nothing to do with what happend in boston then please follow and

Prayers continue to go out to those in #boston prayers for all of us as we navigate in a world where these traged

Boston Officials Did Not Shut Down Cell Network After Marathon Bombing

Looking for suspects , motive in Boston Bombings - US News and World Report

d boston bombing is a matter of national security to make sure that the defence budget does not come down . Wat a pity

I liked a video from The Moment it happened , Boston Marathon Explosion

Our sincere condolences to the friends and family of those killed and injured in Boston yesterday . And we hope http

My heart still breaking from the tragedy in Boston .

I 'd like a shot at prosecuting the person or persons responsible for the tragedy in Boston . Thank You .

Funny or Die iSteve online movie launch delayed after Boston Marathon bombing : 9to5Mac Funny #iOS6 #iPhone #iPad

Front page of newspapers across the country after #BostonMarathon bombing :

Our thoughts go out to those affected by the tragic events in Boston , MA .

Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims , families , and all those affected by yesterday 's events in Boston .

Authorities about to hold press conference on Boston bombing investigation . Watch it live , here :

Whats happened to the world ? The same old thing over and over again . #bostonmarathon #Boston

My heart and prayers go out to all those people involved in the Boston marathon bombing .

plan to run Pittsburgh in a few weeks - prayers for Boston - cowards can not stop runners

Florence couple 's Boston Marathon story on Coast Radio News this morning . Read on

Watching the news . Horrendous . Please god no more bombs . Stay safe America #prayforboston

Live video feed of the 9:30 am news conference in #Boston can be found here :

Our prayers go out to the men women and children of Boston

#Boston , we are praying for you and standing with you . #PrayForBoston #StandWithBoston

I pray for Boston . I hope Joey and his family are all ok .

To everyone in Boston , you have our prayers , our heart felt empathy as well as our sympathies . Keeping you all uplifted .

Waking up today feels so weird . Boston is too quite . God I hate this !

Live blog : The latest on the Boston Marathon explosions

Good morning beautiful Yogis ! In lieu of the tragedy at Boston Marathon yesterday we invite you to use your

Planning to commit an act or 2 in honor today of #Boston . Will you ? #prayforBoston # 26point2Acts

Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the Boston Marathon attack . #Prayers4Boston

8 year old boy named as one of the victims in the Boston Marathon explosions . How sick are people ??! What the fuck is the point ??

Praying for Boston . . what has this world came to !!

31 Iraqis dead today 29 Somalis dead yesterday thousands of Syrians this month and 3 people in Boston.Take a guess which gets more attention

How To Talk With Children About Boston Marathon Bombs from

Sandy Hook too RT A Facebook memorial page for Boston was made hours before the attack ? Interesting .

How about something tangible and organizing a blood drive for Boston hospitals ?

Historic U.S. bombings , including Obama 's friend Bill Ayers ' and attack in Boston #tcot #teaparty #bostonmarathon

This Boston explosion just scares me !

Help us hold on to faith hope even when tempted by despair . May God be present bless the lives of both victims rescuers in Boston .

Our sincere thoughts and prayers are with the families that are suffering through this tragedy in Boston . Several

An encouragement to our friends in Boston and Middle East

Heartbroken.My most favorite place on earth reduced to a war scene.Boston will stay strong.Prayers to all affected .

Relief Groups Help Victims Of Boston Marathon Explosions PLS / / t.co / XCYVLuZddk

Our thoughts and prayers go out to those injured , and lives lost during the tragic incident in Boston .

Looool Boston got me shook , bag alone Downtown . . There has to be a bomb in it . .

2016riodejaneiro . nl VIDEO : Family tragedy at Boston attacks : Boston Globe reporter Kevin Cullen describes how

this is currently how dangerous boston is now . #prayforboston #staystrongboston

Our hearts and prayers go out to the victims of the tragedy in Boston yesterday and to all those victimized by the evil of violence . +

Boston bombings shatter a national sense of safety -- analysis from Washington bureau chief

The Boston Marathon bombings has made bigger news than a british soldier makes when he or she is killed out in afghanis

About to happen on special report on the Boston bombs including an update from the FBI . Stream :

More than 1200 people from the D.C. region were signed up to run the Boston Marathon . Some of them started

Suppose guns and Wenger will be to blame for the Boston bombings ?

Google 's #personfinder helped connect loved ones after the horrific events in Boston yesterday #brandsmatter

I think this Boston bombing is probably the saddest thing I 've ever seen .

My thoughts prayers to all those affected by the bombs in Boston . So sad we 're living in a world like this . God help us all

I Have a Place to Offer viaPeople in Boston loving each other as humans should

Surely it 's not terrorists in Boston , do n't they claim to have done it shortly after it happens ?!?

It 's strange that with Boston , they show us so much gore . Yet with the wars , they censor us from those same photos .

140 hurt in Boston . I urge everyone to donate blood . Let your local blood tissue center know thats why you 're there .

On the bright side , my parents made it home safe and sound from #Boston this morning .

oh good . Scary to think london is having theirs so soon after Boston

Why ? My heart breaks for the people of Boston also asking that question #prayforboston

My prayer with u Boston - may god bless u alls

Even though I had posting obligations today , #boston is still in my thoughts .

Of Course Jenna Shea stays in that area of Boston , She 's sellin high priced pussy

Thousand of Iraqis die everyday , and nobody cares . A little incident occurs in Boston and then suddenly everybody is concerned .

Our thoughts and prayer continue to be with the friends and family members of the victims in Boston , as well as with the entire amazing city

Less than a day since the events in Boston and already people are using it for political platforming . Way to go , team .

Who is Martin Richard , the 8-year old victim of the Boston Marathon bombing ?

Boston Marathon bombs : London ` absolutely confident ' in security , says minister :

Good Evil : 13 Examples Of People Being Awesome After The Attack On The Boston Marathon vi

A brilliantly written article on the tragedy of the #BostonMarathon bombings . #Boston

Much love to all the Boston Marathoners . Love , Coach Hamilton Pug #boston #pug life

go healthy : via 3 Dead , Many More Injured in Boston Bomb Blasts

Iraq at least SIXTY ONE people dead on Monday in terrorist attacks.Boston : TWO people where killed.Mogadishu

Please pray for all of the victims of explosions in Boston.May their souls Rest In Peace - admin mhae

Bombings . Earthquakes . Personal struggles . Keep looking for the light . It is here among us ! #boston

I 'm aware its very unfortunate bt I did n't mention that because its nature . The Boston incident was terrorism

Feds search apartment , seek clues in Boston attack : FBI agents searched a suburban Boston apart #AccessNorthGA

Tune in to at 9:50 am for continuing coverage of the Boston terror attacks , and other news .

Setting up for MLB tonight -- the #Boston feed Field -RRB-

Why should we care about the boston bombing?kel yom innocent lives 3 am bmoto b africa from hunger w b syria because of

How often do explosions happen in other countries ? Why does Boston get so much more coverage ? Those other countries

Just obtained this third photo of Martin Richard , the 8-year-old child killed in Boston bombing /

Great great article about Boston .

If bad things did n't happen -LRB- like Boston -RRB- we would n't see the level of humanity we see during tragic events . Let

Here is info on how you can help those in need after the tragedy in Boston : #PrayForBoston #BostonMarathon

NBC Chicago : The bombs that blew up seconds apart at the Boston Marathon left three dead , mor

Standing by for FBI briefing on #Boston attack . will have a special report on ABC 7

I did n't go online to find peopleIm tweeting for Boston c :

What is going on with the world ? Is all this really necessary ? #DefinitelyNot #Boston #PrayForBoston

I thought my lif was bad when a guy I liked said he liked me then bailed asked a dif girl to prom , but then I herd of Boston i pray for you

Boston bombing makes me want to return to running , which I quit a decade ago , and run my first marathon . Just for the midd

Heart is heavy :-LRB- after hearing wht happen in Boston

WATCH LIVE : FBI News Conference On Bombings At Boston Marathon :

I have a feeling that North Korea had something to do with the Boston bombing .

Still showing the Boston bombing all over tv ! So damn sad , who could do such a thing ! #PrayForBoston

The London Marathon will go ahead despite three people being killed and many more injured in Boston yesterday .

Boston Tech Community Raising Money for Marathon Bombing Victims via

I sat in 3 hrs of traffic on Saturday in Boston . I cursed the city and poor traffic control out . Now w what happened I really miss Boston

Security in #DC is extra tight today at the #IMF #WorldBank #springmeeting following the bombings in Boston .

Boston Marathon bombing : Watch moments of silence around NHL in honor of victims , city -LRB- Video -RRB- : The National

watch live #newsconference coming up from #Boston with updates on bombing investigation - #Bostonmarathon stay tuned

Apartment in Boston suburb searched : Apartment in Boston suburb searched -LRB- Top headline , 2nd story , link -RRB- R

On a beautiful morning , thinking of Boston all the people around the world for whom such events are regular occurrences .

As guessed last night those bombs looked like a couple 1-2lb black powder pipe bombs #educatedguess #boston

Boston Marathon Bombing : Musicians React -LSB- News -RSB-

Rhode Islanders Report In From Boston Marathon

Sending blessings to everyone in Boston . We 're happy to report all troupe members The Theater Offensive staff are safe sound .

Hey people why are u blaming Zayn for the Boston explosion ? So what if he 's a muslim that does n't make him a terrorist .

Huge appreciation for all first responders and medical personnel in Boston yesterday . Amazing efforts in the face of great chaos

Our hearts go out to all of those affected by the horrific tragedy in Boston .

LIVE : Boston Marathon explosions update # 41ActionNews

Showing our Boston pride today . -LRB- that 's my Red Sox hat he 's wearing -RRB-

Them bombs in boston tho sad story . #prayers sent up

RIP to the little 8 year old girl who died in the explosion in Boston yesterday #prayforboston

South Boston Funked it up boutique I will be there soon , be safe love and blessings to you via

ok sir . Thought it was about his fb page comment on #Boston blast

First Boston and now Iran . . Well . .

There 's a video of the aftermath in which you can see people taking the shirts off of their backs to help the wounded . THAT is Boston .

personally I 'm fed with sick jokes on the Internet about Boston . How would they feel if it was them/theirs ? #more compassion .

The marathon runner and doctor who delivered my son into the world talks about running the Boston Marathon :

Our heart goes to the people in Boston

You 're going to fit in very well here #Boston #Patriots #ThankYou

They 're some of the best in the whole world . . I 'm praying for Boston and all Massachusetts !!

Let 's have a 72 hour conspiracy theory waiting period for Boston .

Crazy Shit going down in #Boston pray For em ppl :-LRB-

true , but slightly reassuring there are n't / were n't 20 bombs in Boston hah

Police search Mass. apt . in Boston Marathon bomb investigation ; 8-year-old victim ID 'd

We are standing by for a special report soon from CBS for the Boston Police press conference . Watch on air or

My heart goes out to all the Boston 's marathon victims .

At LezGetReal : Boston Bombings : 8-yr-old Identified Westboro To Picket Funerals

I am still grief stricken . I will stand with Boston . The toughest sob 's I 've ever met in my life from there . They will overcome with UMPH .

Who were those who took part in the Boston marathon - and where were they from ? by

#CityCyclery partner Ron Drouillard is safe sound in #Boston . Thanks for all the well wishes . They 'll be passed along to him .

lololol like I 'm confused as to where the thought that there was another Boston came from

Smear Merchants : Media Damage Their Reputations Covering Boston Marathon Bombings | Independent Journal -LRB- cont -RRB-

Column from on Boston Marathon realizing fears we all have about sporting events :

To all the emergency responders still working the scene in Boston , our thoughts / prayers are with u and all victims

#Pakistan has condemned the deadly bombing which took place at the finish line of the #Boston Marathon . The Foreign Office

Read your post about Boston . You 're a brilliant man and all around good dude . Also on a lighter topic , I find you hilarious .

How can Christians unite in prayer for the victims of the Boston Bombing . Pastor Duke Taber gives a list of

Our deepest thoughts and heartfelt sympathies are with all those affected by the events in Boston #prayforboston

Moments Away : Live update on Boston investigation -LRB- Broadcasting live at

Those Boston Marathon Attacks were really sad . I feel that pain for those victims ' familiesand that man who lost his limbsso sad :-LRB-

Hope Boston 's a lot better now . Keep them in prayer . #PrayforBoston

Our thoughts and prayers are with all of those that were affected by the tragic event at the Boston Marathon . To

The city of Boston needs Jack Bauer # 24

Sports Column : Boston Marathon finish line takes on a whole new meaning for runners | The Post

Today I 'm praying for all those affected by the Boston bombings . Jesus , be their hope peace !

TNA Wrestling Slamiversary XI at Boston sunday june 2 :-RRB-

Praying for Boston . . this world is really going insane .

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all affected by the events at the Boston Marathon yesterday .

Our prayers and well wishes to those affected by the tragedy in Boston . Stay strong . You are all Crushers in our book !

Indiana vs obstinate Boston tonight at 8 . I think yes . #bleedgreen but Paul George is fucking great also .

I do not understand bad scenes like Boston , but I know that God is good all the time regardless . People do these horrible things , not God .

Just seen a pic of one of the victims in Boston . My heart bro , that shit is sad .

I hope the boston people are doing okay now . My heart goes out to them .

Re : Bomb at Boston , Can we now imagine what Israel has been living with ? I remember when they were having these type bombings weekly .

why would someone make jokes about what happened in Boston ? is that suppose to be funny or somethin ?! #growup

Good morning all . Boston on the mind

Redditch News : Bromsgrove runner caught up in Boston Marathon explosions safe and well : A BROMSGROVE runner is

Social media in #Boston . Hopefully it helps in apprehension of perpetrators too

1000 's killed in syria , 1000 's killed in palestine , 1000 's killed in burma3 ppl die in BOSTON bombings n the world crie

#News : US investigators hunt for clues in Boston bombing : Reuters Boston : Two bombs packed with ball bearings

Boston Bomb Explosion : I had lunch a just a little ways down the street about a week a half ago when I was there .

As we see the reports from Boston , our hearts go out to the victims and their families , our thanks to those who

Comments from COC instructor who ran in Boston , via

MT Passenger heard 2 men speaking Arabic on flight from Boston this am . Plane returned to gate , swept cleared . Men rebooked .

sweet boy . praying for the family of 8 yr old #RichardMartin who lost his life in yesterday 's bombing . #prayforboston http

Whoever Did That Boston Bombing Is n't Human . No Human Could Do That . Sending My Condolences To The Victims . Godspeed #PrayforBoston

#teamfollowback Downtown Boston Remains Crime Scene -LRB- NY Times -RRB-

Calling all healers and light workers to send energy to victims of Boston Marathon and to the victims of the earthquake in Iran

Boston Marathon bombings were front-page news around the world . Roundup of them here , from UK to Brazil to Germany

From deep down in TENNESSEE for BOSTON we have cried . To all my YANKEE brothers and sisters THE SOUTH is on your side

Man who held bloody flag in Boston is father of fallen soldier

The power of positive thinking : Much needed today . #Boston #love #hope

Joe Flacco , Ravens praying for victims in Boston :

Josh Cassidy Runners Den owner Scott Greig both managed to escape the bombs in #Boston unharmed .

Ireland 's Constitutional Convention votes for marriage equality - Boston Spirit Magazine via

Thoughts and prayers to everyone effected by the bombing at the Boston Marathon yesterday .

Sending my prayers to all the people in Boston ! #prayforboston #bostonmarathon #Boston

It 's my final In Boston -LRB- at least for a while -RRB- come calm your nerves and say hi to me

Mourners headed to running stores following yesterday 's blasts at the Boston Marathon :

As I woke up today , my heart hurt for those in Boston that are waking up injured or worse , with out their loved one .

Excellent article in Boston Globe of events and current status with minimal hype or speculation

Now the 8 year old kid who died in the bombing in Boston was a girl or boy ?

Everybody is so busy with Boston victim 's , nobody notice that in Palestine , Suriah , Libya , etc there were so much victim 's UNrecognized !!!!

Boston Marathon bombings : First picture of eight-year-old Martin Richard killed as he waited for his dad

I 'm not hating on the Boston bombings but I think that a lot of horrible stuff happens in the world everyday but they do n't get --

How many more times am i going to have to see a replay of the Boston explosion on Its been well over a dozen this AM and its only 9:30

Covering what comes next in the aftermath of the Boston Marathon explosions : Advice for journalists , everyone .

Somebody calls a bomb threat in to Duke University a day after Boston . You do n't even have a soul if you pull a prank like that .

The Boston marathon bombing simply heartbreaking ! #prayersforall

I had a bizarre philosophical convo with my nanny yesterday while Adi napped both of us watched Boston coverage . Still thinking about it

3 dead in Boston . 27 dead all over Iraq . One is front page news the other , this is the 1st your reading about it .

Walking in Memphis in High Heels : Boston

Horrible news from Boston , goes without saying . What 's the point , where-when will it end . Evil has always existed . The methods have evolved

Cause this makes a ton of sense : Westboro Baptist Church blames same-sex marriage for Boston Marathon bomb attack

Good job SEC and ESPN realizing where your priorities are . The Boston bombing is much more important than a SEC network announcement .

hearts go out to the victims in Boston we 'll pray for you.To the people who did this we will find you and punish you to the fullest

Share your thoughts and feelings on the Boston Marathon explosions . #CBC Edmonton Talking Point . 93.9 fm / 740 am

Boston Marathon explosions : What we know this morning #fb

Our hearts and prayers go out to those effected by the tragic events in Boston yesterday .

Whatever problems and things we are going through are pointless to what Boston is going through #BostonBombing

3 killed 130 were injured by the bombs -RRB- : Continue praying for Boston guys 3 #PrayForBoston

Heart-felt Letter to Boston : -LRB- via #Pray4Boston

u have some balls saying that shit about the ppl that have lost their lives at the Boston Marathon your lucky I do n't know u bitch

Fucking makes me sick that people are using the boston bombing just to get likes on facebook #cunts

RIP to those who died and those who were injured at that Boston Marathon.Terrorism?or Conspiracy ? . New World Order

Why were n't Boston authorities told about the plot ? Because there are NO MODERATE MUSLIMS . All are bound by the teachings of the Quran .

My professor said they caught the person who bombed boston ! I hope this is true .

So touching to see MIT 's Green Building lit up in red , white , and blue . My heart 's in Boston today

Classy In honor of Boston and New England , may we suggest : whole-grain cranberry scones ! -LCB- link removed -RCB-

Robert Parry says US media showed surprising restraint in covering the Boston bombing ,

Not keen on this trend of comparing the coverage the bombing in Boston is getting to the coverage bombings in the middle east are getting ,

Poor Boston and the people and children that were injured and killed my heart is with you #PrayForBoston

We are one strong voice that can not be defeated , BOSTON !

If something like the event in Boston happened to MY 8 year old forget about suicide watch you better put me on homicide watch . #realtalk

This is a good report of the event : Terror at Boston Marathon : 3 dead , 152 wounded as witnesses describe horror

The Boston thing is horrible . My heart breaks for the families .

Yesterday was a horrific day but in my opinion , yesterday 's act of terrorism made the city of #Boston stronger .

Two minute warning for presser in Boston

R LIVE STREAM : Police hold news conference on Boston Marathon explosions . #Boston

I ca n't believe how can thise people can exist , this who put the fucked bomb #prayforboston !

Then maybe you should of #ed Boston or Iran instead of #cakeXI

Waitso.the WBC nut jobs are going to picket the funerals of the victims of the Boston bombings ?

ugh awful R Westboro Baptist Church threatens to picket funerals of those slain at the Boston Marathon

Heart is still sad over #Boston . Let 's not move on so quickly . Remember to keep those families in your thoughts and prayers today .

Prayers with those in Boston and/or affected by this senseless violence . DO THIS - listen to Where Is The Love by Blac

Events r mirrors , reflecting what we love , what we r passionate about , what we believe . Boston is a mirror to our country 's inner self .

Powerful read from my friend covering his 18th Boston Marathon . Had gone to finish line just before blasts

If the Boston bombings show that it was due to Domestic terrorismObama gon na catch a shit stormjust because .

Here 's what we can do to heal from this tragedy #runforboston #boston #bostonmarathon #prayforboston #runchat

BOSTON MARATHON : News confirms dozens of officers searched apartment in Revere , MA , believed to be related to bombings

Thoughts are with all those affected by the Boston bombings . Senseless loss perpetrated by sick cowards .

Keeping Boston in my thoughts and heart today . #bostonmarathon #bostonstrong

~ Love those around you ~ Our thoughts are with the city of Boston , the marathon runners , and all who have been touche

The tragedy at the Boston Marathon is still weighing heavy on hearts of many . Plz read a msg from our Race Director h

With that , my prayers are with Boston and all effected by the tragedy . Let 's focus our energy on making a difference , not hate . #prevtweet

I 'm tired of all the pray for Boston shit on my news feed . Everyone knows to pray . I do n't need a reminder , nor anyone else .

Every catch #Danny #Amendola makes will help #Marathon relief fund : | #Patriots #Boston #explosion

Look at this a huge earthquake hit a Muslim country and people are still talking about Boston

R.I.P who died in Boston explosion #prayforboston

Shitty few days in American history 4/15 Boston ; 4/16 Virginia Tech shooting ; 4/19 Oklahoma City bombing ; 4/19 WACO incident ; 4/20 Columbine

Taking a break from sharing Illusionists-related news for the day . My heart goes out to my beloved city of #Boston : ht

The FBI has taken over the Boston Marathon investigation

Local race organizer responds to terror : Julie Isphording , Boston Marathon finisher and executive dire #toledo

A different point of view to the Boston Marathon tragedy .

Still having a hard time comprehending what happened yesterday in Boston . Extremely sad that our society

sends our thoughts and prayers out to everyone in Boston during this trying time .

Are you running the London Marathon on Sunday ? Want to hear your reaction of the Boston tragedy . #devon #cornwall

Wise words about the Boston Marathon bombing and the goodness of humanity in general

Social Media 's role aiding in the recent events in Boston

Our heavy hearts and prayers go out to those who were tragically lost and injured at the Boston Marathon yesterday . The w

Fr Boston Uncommon : Bombs and Bravery #StopOccopyWaste

I was not . The PMG team is all ok , as are Boston clients and my family . Phew !

Dont ever feel that you arent worth of living here right at this moment , people right now in boston are fighting t

If you or someone you know in Boston needs help , call 800-983-8669 . #boston

Thank you to the men and women of the National Guard here to help protect us ! #mapoli #Boston

We are one community standing by another . Our thoughts are with the community of Boston , of the marathon

Boston 's Cathedral of St. Paul-special prayer service for victims at 12:15 p.m. today #prayforboston #Episcopal htt

WATCH LIVE : Press conference held on latest in Boston Marathon bombing

WATCH LIVE : FBI holds news conference to discuss the very latest developments out of Boston . Watch live on WRIC-TV8 . # 8News

FBI scheduled news conference for update on Boston Marathon bombing . Should be starting any minute .

My talk on risk management has been accepted for security b-sides Boston . I 'm right after Dan Geer 's keynote .

The huge coverage of Boston seem to suggest the West cares little about the 20 car bombs , 37 dead in Iraq 100s dead in Iranian quake . Sad .

You can watch the Boston Marathon Explosion news conference live here -

WATCH LIVE : FBI media briefing on Boston Explosions

#BostonMarathon : Police comb deserted downtown ; search apartment in Boston suburb reports from Boston .

Our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in Boston . May God bless you and endurance during this difficult time .

FBI / Boston Police press conference beginning .

HAPPENING NOW : FBI updating #Boston Marathon bombings . LISTEN LIVE on # 680News :

Texas sends its prayers out to those in Boston n our prayers up to catch those responsible #cowards #get wat u deserve #the canary will sing

Patton Oswalt strikes emotional chord with heartfelt message on Boston bombings

Spotted : Newsie using an actual early 20th century Newsie tactic to sell newspapers : ` Read all about what happened in Boston ! '

Just watched an interview with a man from Boston . His gf passed away in that tragedy . He was gon na propose when she crossed da finish line .

@highlight

The NBA has announced that tomorrow 's game between the Pacers Boston Celtics at TD Garden has been canceled

@highlight

The explosions in Boston with victims ages 3-62 , latest from Boston 3 dead , 130 injured in Boston Marathon .

@highlight

Martin Richard , the 8-year-old victim killed in Boston Bombing

@highlight

At the marathon finish line , two bombs exploded and the third was blown up by the Authorities .

@highlight

Business heavily damaged following bomb blast in Boston

@highlight

Authorities Detain Saudi National as Suspect in Boston Bombing