The NBA has announced that tomorrow 's game between the Pacers Boston Celtics at TD Garden has been canceled

The explosions in Boston with victims ages 3-62 , latest from Boston 3 dead , 130 injured in Boston Marathon .

8 years old boy died in Boston Bombing

At the marathon finish line , two bombs exploded and the third was blown up by the police .

All our prayers to the victims and people of Boston suffering this horrific act . Just shocking .

How do you guys feel about that explosion in Boston ?

I 'll probably be pretty silent the rest of the night unless something strikes me . I really have nothing to say about the Boston Bombings

The fact that the Boston Marathon was in memory of the victims of Sandy hook and there was a bombing #SickPeople #PrayForBoston

RAW VIDEO : California Homeland Security Leader Reacts to #Boston Bombing

It 's sobering that in Iraq today there were far worse bombings than Boston , but virtually unreported locally :

May God heal you , bring you peace , and bring you love in your hearts . #RIP #boston

Video -LSB- Audio -RSB- Of Interest : Listen To Police Radio Traffic As Boston Bombing Unfolded :

Prayers going out to everyone involved in the Boston marathon bombing . What the hell is going on in our country ? #pra

yes i will offer my prayers to boston

The fact that my cousin lives in Boston and was 3 miles away . . Scares me . Glad your okay cuz ! Love you Aaron !

Boston is not the only one suffering :-LRB- Venezuela is affected by the electios yesterday :-LRB- Pray for us ? :-LRB-

Everyone listen to me Zayn DID NOT BOMB BOSTON and whoever thinks he did go die and I do n't tell people to die

Prayers forever going out to Boston .

#prayforboston At least 132 injuries reported in Boston Marathon bombings . At least 17 are critical , 8 ar

Condemn Boston Bombing , condolences to victims . Shocking to see . Among manyothers CIA be included as suspects retaliation to budget cut ??

TERROR ATTACK : 2 BOMBS EXPLODED AT THE FINISH LINE OF THE BOSTON MARATHON KILLING 3 INJURING 130 . ON GOING MASSIVE INVESTIG

We will not live in a world where we are scared to go out every day . We will overcome this , Boston will overcome th

ICNA Expresses Outrage at Boston Bomb Attacks

it 's an amazing school ! And the people of Boston are the best ! Best of luck -LRB- :

How can BHO and fellow marxists do anything in Boston . He is still working on the Benghazi coverup .

We must stay in #prayermode Praying the families of the victims in Boston . .

Two dead after Boston Marathon blasts

My prayers goes to all the victims of boston marathon . #prayforboston

Our thoughts are with those in Boston tonight . What a senseless act .

With the unfortunate Boston Marathon Event we should pray , comfort , and be there for those affected . #stopviolence #boston #pray

Glad to hear it . Boston is a strong community - praying for you all .

prayers blessings to all the folks in boston / new england area affected by this tragedy

Are you praying for Boston , or are you tweeting for Boston

Just saw pictures if what happened today in Boston I 'm speechless . .

I found out I think Boston got bombed when people were running a marathon or something .

2 bombs struck near the finish line at Boston marathon . It 's 26 miles from my sister 's home . Boston is sup to be a quiet town .

I honestly do n't even believe a kid was killed at the Boston marathon today but that 's just me

no I know he 's nice Boston College ! he just dunked all over Cole Aldrich it was Baaaaad it

It 's crazy what is happening in Boston prayer goes out to then . #prayforboston #tragictimes #Godhascontrol

Damn I wan na watch espn but they showing this Boston bombing . Smh okay we get it . . #SPORTS PLEASE !

Our thoughts and prayers are with the Boston community and all affected by today 's senseless acts of violence .

Our hearts go out to all of those affected in today 's horrible explosions at the Boston Marathon today . To all

Someone came in our city and Bombed on us . . maybe now we can stop bombin on one another and Unite . . #Unity #Boston

The part about the Boston bombings that truely pisses me off is the fact that an 8 year old boy waiting for his mom at the

Boston Marathon Explosions A Cowardly Act #BOSTONMARATHONBOMBING #CNBLOG #BOSTONMARATHON

Are people really wearing purple for Boston tomorrow ?

Boston Marathon Runners Marry Despite Terror Attacks via

In addition to our prayers for the injured and deceased in Boston , be thankful that it was n't as bad as it could have been .

As I lay me down to sleepI pray that Boston souls find peaceIf I should cry before I wakeIts only from memories of today #prayforboston

sure is . The people of Boston have bigger hearts than most think . They are truly amazing .

A moment for those who died in Boston today . #tooclosetohome

Prayers go out to Boston tonight . And to all parents who are trying to explain the unexplainable to their children , yet again .

That 's rayciss FBI Looking For Black Man With Foreign Accent In Connection With Boston Bombings #tcot #

now everybody wan na care about Boston . no one knew about that race until the bombs went off . respect the terrorist .

For anybody lacking perspective today - BBC News - Iraq deadly bombings hit Nasariyah , Kirkuk and Baghdad #Boston

If You 're in Boston Without Phone Service , Call Out from This Site | Lifehacker

pray for Boston but thank god Canada is safer than the US

Why pray now for boston when things go wrong we want to prayy smh

MH-60Ks full of troops doing touch and goes at the Louisiana Superdome . Must be a preparedness drill . This is not a game . #Boston

I do n't feel like posting anything about music or fashion . My heart breaks for Boston .

holding fundraiser 4/26 for victims of #Boston tragedy $ 30 open bar w/apps 7-10pm proceeds donated to

Everybody love boston now . . Fuck Boston

This Boston thing is making me anxious My brother needs to contact me immediately

Today we stand as one with the people of Boston as we turn our hearts and prayers toward the victims of this

Witness accounts of the Boston Marathon Terrorist Attack

If someone still asking Is that a bomb tragedy in boston ? * give duh face then walk by *

It 's just so horrifying what happened in Boston ! #prayforboston

My prayers go out to those in Boston #bostonmarathon :'-LRB- . D : 3

Reports state that all SG runners in are safe : Let 's continue to keep Boston in our prayers .

Prayers go out for those affected by the Boston marathon , someone fucked with the wrong city #prayforboston

Let this day not be remembered for the act of a cowardly animal . BPD , BFD , EMS , volunteers rush in , people helping stranded runners #Boston

Guys Do n't retweet the accounts taking advantage of the Boston Bombings That 's just fucking stupid

hey this Boston woman juss cracking me up

Yeah I live like a half hour from Boston , so bombings near where I live are definitely not cool .

Was Kim Kardashian self-promoting while Boston bombing ? #fail #kimkardashian

Boston Marathon Explosions Kill 3 , Injure Dozens : At least three people were killed and more than 130 injured Monday after two nearly

That Boston marathon is a tragedy , many lives lost but another lesson to learn hopefully grow from

I can only imagine the terror just heard about the tragedy in Boston and not exactly sure how this happened

Our hearts are with the families of Boston today . If your children have questions , this may help :

Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families of today 's terror in Boston . #PrayForBoston

Stay strong Boston ! BBC News - Boston Marathon hit by deadly twin explosions

Backpacks and bags on Boston streets . Without a warrant ? I understand everyone is shaken up , but taking away freedoms does not insure safety

MT CBS : Saudi man in custody was tackled by bystanders at Boston Marathon #auspol

Thoughts and prayers go out to those effected by the events in Boston .

Prayers to the 8 year-old girl 's family . She died in Boston 's explosions , while running for the Sandy Hook kids htt

Reminding myself that to be paralyzed by what has happened allows attack to penetrate further than Boston . #empathy #su

prayers for Boston . . crazy sad news

A photographer 's eyewitness account of the chaos at the Boston Marathon : via

Our thoughts and prayers to Boston families !

Prayers and thoughts are with the people in Boston tonight .

This world is getting scarier each day . Heavy days #Boston

Man this Boston Marathon situation is so sad .

Seeing photos of the Boston bombing on IG and it 's breaking my heart . And that story of the guy about to propose at the finish line hayy :'-LRB-

Praying for all the victims in Boston . God had a plan . #prayforboston

How does the Boston affect you anymore than Iraq , you knew them all equally the same which was not at all .

I assume when I wake up there will be many more stories re boston today - including a possible culprit .

hope all is well with you guys in Boston

What if the Joker popped up on the tv and said he bond Boston that shit would be nuts

Our hearts reach out to Boston .

#Boston blast injuries required battlefield savvy , experts say : | #emergency #device #NBC #enforcement #festivities

Just heard about the boston marathon . . :-LRB- -LRB- terrible news . .

I was heart broken to hear about what occurred today in Boston . My prayers go out to all those effected by this tra

Deepest condolences to the people who were affected by Boston Marathon bombing . #prayforboston #prayforhumanity

All these fake stories people are making about the deaths in the Boston marathon really make me sick . Have some respect people

This world is a cruel place . . Prayers to everyone in Washington and Boston tonight

this IS SO SICK MAN . Looking at those casualties of the Boston bombing . Srsly

Sending Canadian thoughts and love to everyone who was in Boston today . 3 3 3

# of people gathered is greater at the Boston Marathon

Kenyan Women 's Network sends our deepest condolences to the family and friends of victims hurt by the Boston Marathon bombings .

I feel bad for the people who died in the bomb accident in Boston and for my grandpa who died I 'm so sad

yeah , hopefully they beat boston whenever the make up game is scheduled .

Prayers go out to the 141 injured at the Boston Marathon and their families

#prayforboston The whole of the UK sends our prayers to Boston to those who lost or experienced the horrors which happened .

STFU to everyone putting Iraqi bombings over the Boston one . Bombings happen EVERY day over in Iraq .

Not so good morning . I woke up hearing about what 've happen in Boston . Let 's pray for Boston . #PRAYFORBOSTON

People stepping up to the plate in Boston to help runners with no place to stay . Growing by the minute -

My prayers are with all affected by the bombing in Boston

Aside from the runners , former 40/29 reporter -LRB- and my good friend -RRB- who was covering the Boston Marathon

Praying for the victims and families of the Boston Marathon bombing . #bostonmarathon

The little girl who died in the Boston bombing was actually a boy.The gender does n't matter but it shows how info can b

Want to send a prayer to those in Boston , we need to pray healing to those who have lost someone . Such a tragedy there . Prayers going up

Woke up from a great nap to find out that 3 people died in Boston and over 100 were injured from 2 bombs . So sad man ; ^ ;

Just catching up with Twitter . Wishing you and everybody in Boston a peaceful night 's sleep tonight .

Boston Carnival is heating up catch 5/11/13 and 5/24/13 #dvillagespeaks

Thoughts are with our friends in Boston today .

smh Erik Rush , Conservative Columnist , Makes Muslim Joke After Boston Marathon Explosions via

Amber asked if the Boston marathon was a gas station

CBS reports #Boston police as having confirmed video of someone bringing several #backpacks to the #blast site

Wake up to the news about Boston Marathon Blasts :-LRB- Let peace be on earth !

BOSTON GOT BLOWN UPPPP . . just kidding , they only got bombed

Home cooked meal . News on TV | prayers with Boston tonight

I 'm so upset about what happened in Boston . I have no time for hateful Supernatural fans . Take it somewhere else for another time .

GREAT READ by Reflections on the Boston Marathon today Post on #FUdiet

Just heard the news.So terribly sad.Thoughts with everyone in Boston .

Our thoughts prayers go out to everyone in Boston and those affected .

RIP to the 2 lives lost at the Boston Marathon explosion and prayers sent to all the families affected by this tragedy . #prayforboston

Three dead , over 100 hurt in Boston Marathon blasts - Yahoo! News Singapore via

VIDEO : Family members reunite after Boston marathon attack .

i give my sincerest prayers to the people of Boston . #PrayForBoston i am so sorry for the people they have lost . #RestInPiece

What kind of sick person thinks its okay to bomb a marathon #prayforboston

It makes me sick to my stomach knowing that the person who set off those bombes is still out there . #PrayforBoston

north korea didnt bomb boston it was a terist attack 3 bombs hit by the finish line by the marathon they had

Patriots Day in Boston marked with terror . Obama has his 9/11 .

I really hope the Boston police or someone important to this situation has seen this .

Boston tragedy delays immigration bill : Boston tragedy delays immigration billAssociated PressCopyright

I do n't think his tweets were directed towards Kent Island , they were about the Boston bombs .

Our hearts break for the victims and the families of the victims of the Boston Marathon tragedy that happened

I feel for the citizens of Boston , this is terrible smudge on a fantastic city .

We are saddened at the events today in Boston . All of us at Cherrydale send our thoughts and prayers to all affected . A sad day indeed

God bless the people of Boston . Praying for all of you .

we live in a fucked up world where you go out and run a marathon only to not know whether you 'll come back or not #prayforboston

Everybody wear purple tomorrow in memory of those who lost their lives and loved ones in the Boston boming today ! #prayforboston

Big B 's Like #Boston Red Like The Sox

The attack in Boston reminds me of growing up in the UK with IRA bombings . I pray this does n't escalate . #PrayForBoston

Innocent lives were taken today . My heart and prayers go out to the people in Boston .

prayers go out to all in boston all affected by this horror

Brigham and Women 's Hospital As a result of the events at the Boston Marathon , we are expecting an influx of blood

It would have been a HAPPY and WONDROUS day at BOSTON , until an EXPLOSION came along #Saddened

At a loss for words , such a sad day at work #marathon but and even sadder day for Boston everyone affected by today 's attack

Explaining to my mom what happened in Boston .

Social media plays role in Boston tragedy conversation : Social media has been a huge outlet to talk about the

Thoughts and prayers go out to the people of Boston tonight , and all the victims of the bombing . XOXO Boston

Fears For Britons Running In Boston Race : Scores of Britons took part in the Boston Marathon , prompting #news

great show though saddened by the loss in Boston .

My prayers go out to all effected by the senseless act of violence in Boston #prayforboston

BC Should Respond To Attacks With ` Renewed Community Spirit ' - Letters To The Editor - The Heights - Boston College :

As our hearts were earlier with Liverpool for those lost at Hillsborough , they are now with Boston for those who wil

Bombs kill three people , wound more than 100 at Boston Marathon via

The news about Boston is really sad :'-LRB-

My prayers and thoughts go out to all those innocent people affected by the bombs in Boston . #PrayersForBoston

RIP TO DA LIVES LOST IN BOSTON AND PRAY FOR DA ONES DATS INJURED

I know that it is a really bad day for Boston but please dont overreact and cause panic when it is already a delicate situation .

very sorry for what happened in boston hopefully recover soon and family heridos

In more positive news ; the guy that won the boston marathon was running 12 mph for 26 miles straight #crazyfast #BostonM

One of those dead in boston was an 8yo boy , my brothers 8yo i lovw him n i cant even contemplate how id feel if that was him #bostonmarathon

Boston is so hot right nowfirst The Departed , then The Town , and now this . #sohot #toosoon

The point is there is absolutely NO justification for the disgusting acts of violence + the murder of innocent ppl today in Boston #senseless

It breaks my heart looking at the pictures from Boston

Praying for Boston . . What 's the world coming too #rip #praying #sosad #staystrongboston

Thoughts and prayers to the families affected by the blasts in Boston . Thanks to all the emergency service workers for rus

Thank you for sparing in the midst of the Boston Marathon bombingspraying for all those involved

Obama speech in short . . Boston suck it up do n't be a baby , no terrorism , move on pplwe got this like #Benghazi

He spoke those words during a prayer at a home going service nearly 4 hours before the Boston tragedy . An on time word if I ever heard one .

I can not get over the pictures on the Internet from the Boston bombings today . So graphic and horrifying #pratyforboston

Could be a result of the Boston bombings hurrr

It takes a tragedy for the rest of us to realize , we all just want love , and safety . Boston has the world behind them today . #BostonMarathon

The bombing in Boston was an inside job . Let 's point fingers at our government first .

I wish I could say what I felt when I heard about Boston what the hell has the world come too . I wish the very best for everyone in Boston

Man ima be praying for Boston BT lif is so short I do n't have to get mad at nobody

Thankfully , to the best of our knowledge all Black Duck employees running in or watching the Boston Marathon are accounted for and safe .

Photo : foodnun : ianoshea : weird-happenings : Two days ago , a page was created on Facebook for the Boston

Thinking of everyone in Boston on this terrible day #prayersforboston

#Boston #Marathon runner Bill Iffrig is ok . He 's the 78-year old runner falling in every video loop . Thx

So boston doesnt look like there gong to the world serious this year #bostonmarathon #explosion

The past year has been devistating . The shooting at the movies , Sandy Hook , and Boston all in like 6 months . That 's horrible #prayersforall

Wrong FIremen put on protective gear on Commonwealth Ave moments after the explosions during the Boston Marathon .

Sports : Ethiopia 's Desisa wins Boston Marathon #PalmSprings

Our thoughts and prayers goes out to the victims and families in Boston of this horrific bombings event .

Dear Boston : We 3 you . And we 'll say it in lights thanks to the #OccupyWallStreet 3 3 3

I ca n't even begin to imagine how devastating and horrible it must have been in Boston today . #praying

Planting bombs at the Boston Marathon . . For what ???

Real shit happen in Boston . All my love to them :'-LRB-

R Hey BO , instead of trying 2 violate the 2nd Amendment maybe u should try prevent terrorist attacks #Boston #Benghazi

Anyone trying to get likes , shares or followers by posting about Boston , go fuck yourselves .

Hearts and prays go out to Boston #bostonmarathon who soooo many tragides happen to the best of people

My thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the Boston Marathon bombing ! Some people really have some sick minds .

Humanity no longer exist . God bless Boston ! #PrayForBoston

7 hours after the #Boston Marathon bombings and still feel that sick , dizzy feeling of horror and confusion . Sending love to the victims .

#Flight401 Video : Obama Makes Statement On Boston Bombings : So we all know about this bombing now and you know htt

boston been getting major suckage all day , what happen ?

oh no boston ! . . is mark wahlberg okay ?

Praying for Boston #lovebeantown Lord protect our country from evil

Shout out to the trauma teams , paramedics , police , firefighters and others caring for the injured in Boston . #Hero

Ellen 's Message to Boston . Be kind to one another . Could n't have said it better myself .

I feel like the Boston thing was planned by the government .

Wonder if had been sober today what his comment would have been regarding who bombed #Boston #dragginoffthewagon

I feel like the Boston bombing was deja vu of a scene in The Dark Knight rises . :-LRB- There was a lot of blood on the sidewalks .

1st Colorado then Newtown now Boston ? #prayforboston

My thoughts and prayers to everyone who was affected today at the Boston marathon . Glad my dad and his gf are safe now !! #prayforboston

Someone created this page March 22nd . How wud they know there would be an explosion going to happen n #Boston today ?

I think tomorrow during the Assembly before the play starts we should have a moment of silence for the victims of the Boston marathon .

My prayers go to Boston and all those hurt during the bombing in Boston .

They should ban bombs oh wait . thoughts and prayers to those involved in Boston now stop pretending e

Another person has died in Boston . Prayers to all wounded , their families and all that were there !

People that bitch about how many people are showing love n support for Boston are dumb . Its our country and its people .

Bud Black 's oldest daughter lives and works in Boston . They texted today and she 's OK .

Boston Public Schools are closed this week for April recess .

Patton Oswalt 's note about the Boston marathon is the only thing that 's giving us hope today

My thoughts prayers are with all of my loved ones in Boston today

My Prayers Go All Out To Boston !!!

Families from #newtown where in boston today . . have those people not been through enough ?? God Bless

So sad for Boston . I 'm tired of these tragedies due to these idiots doing stupid things to cost people their lives . #Cowards

My heart goes out to every one in Boston i know how it feel to lose a loved one #PrayForBoston

kids do n't run the Boston Marathon .

This Boston Bombing makes me absolutely sick to my stomach . What makes a person do such things ? #horrified #prayersforboston

My prayers go out to Boston today , and the victims of the Marathon explosions . So saddening to hear news like this .

Sickened by cowards setting off bombs in Boston , but inspired by the many running TOWARDS the explosions to help the inj

Congratulations to whoever bombed Boston you killed two people , one being an eight year old and you injured several . #pieceofshit

Why is our world so messed up ? They were bombing innocent people . That just ignorant . #prayforboston

I 'm not praying for Boston , wish I had the idea before them .

If there were 2 deaths in boston , and one was forsure an adult , how did I see two pictures of two different 8 year old kids

Who has the guts to pull something like the tragedy that happened in Boston ? #smh

I really hope the person who bombed the Boston Marathon is found .

My prayers go out to all the people at/families of the injured at the boston terrorist attack #prayforboston

Our prayers are with the family and victims of the terror attack at Boston marathon .

God does n't have twitter . Lets literally pray for Boston .

Marathons are celebrations of life courage.Terrorism celebrates death fear.Be brave.Run strong.Run hard.Pray

I do n't think its gon na come on because of the boston thing . Everything is gon na be interrupted . Imma just watch it online -LRB- c -RRB-

What #Boston experienced today is what much of the world experiences on regular basis . Not that this makes it any less terrible or painful .

jfc stuff like this never happens in boston im just shocked im blessed i didnt end up going

Another violent tragedy . Keeping Boston in our thoughts . Shot out to the rescue workers doing their thing .

Thoughts prays for #Boston , shit like that should never happen ! #condemningstupidity

Please pray for those who died and were injured in the Boston Marathon bombing this afternoon .

The sight of the pools of blood at the Boston marathon is tearing me apart . #prayforboston

Crazy how these people from Boston woke up today morning not knowing any of this would have happen . Prayers go out to them .

So sad for Boston people #prayforboston I will , just a few days ago my brother got hit by a car and thinking losing a love one is not easy . .

Prayers from Patriot nation to those affected in Boston .

Boston hospital briefing the media about the extent of the injuries in the Boston explosion .

I go to the Boston marathon every year with my family and we could n't go this year because my dad had to work !! Must be a sign

From earlier today : WBZ-TV Footage From Runner Stopped On Boston Marathon Route

So I just remembered that we talked about 9/11 in my English class today like an hour before the Boston Marathon bombs . . #foreshadow #weird

omg stop rip girl that was suppose to be proposed to after the boston marathon omg

Someone had bombed the Boston marathon run . #PrayForBoston

If you 're just jumping to conclusions that a Muslim is behind the bombing in Boston , then sit your ass down . #IslamMea

Fantastic A message from NY to Boston projected on Brooklyn Academy of Music

Watching reports about the Boston marathon bombing makes me sick to my stomach #InHumane

Thank you to all my amazingly open and loving riders at who gave space for me to share and sweat out my feelings . #love #Boston

A real tragedy in Boston today . What is the world coming to ?

Praying for #Boston . RIP to an 8 yr old boy + 2others #GetGlue

Beautifully put . said what we 're all thinking about Boston .

What happened with Boston ? Anyone know ?

Pray For Boston i know how it feels to lose someone you love .

A Runner Describes The Scene : Co-host Robert Siegel talks to NPR 's Peter Sagal , who ran in the Boston Marathon

Reporting from Times Sq tonight where there is an extra NYPD presence and concern for friends in #Boston . # 1010WINS

Wtf ? What is up with teenagers . Making fun of the Boston tragedy today . Our world is one fucked up place . #gotohell

my thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected by the terrorist attack today in Boston -

Two Dead , Approximately One Hundred-Thirty Injured From Boston Marathon Bombing : It all happened near th

my thoughts and prayers go out to all thoose vitcim of the boston bombing , may you have complete support of family and all #prayforboston

Whoever is responsible for the #Boston #bombing should have their body blow up one M80 at a time . Toe by toe Finger by finger . #Pray4Boston

I often teach Boston 's revolutionary , democratic past , when I saw people run toward an explosion today -- just t

The minute I heard I wore my #Boston shirt rather than the required uniform to coach tennis . #RunnersUnite #runchat

These kind of coward terrorist attacks can not kill the sptit of #Marathons or of #Boston

We as a people must remember that he sees and hears all and tonite stand on the same faith that carried us through 911 # pray4 Boston

Some marathon runners are stranded in Boston and in need of places to stay . Find out how you can offer housing

Boston police said there was a third explosion Monday near the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library after twin blasts at the city

Patriots while we all pray for the victims today in Boston . Communist Leftist try to blame Patriots Stand up to the

We 're supposed to be worried about North Korea bombing us , not or own people . #prayforboston

Sick of hearing so much negativity in the news , prayers go up for those affected by the Boston bombing

How weird that we learned about the battles in boston in us history today .

Please keep those who were affected by the shooting in Boston today in your thoughts .

Our hearts go out to those affected by the Boston marathon tragedy . Such awful news .

Beautiful message to Boston projected on the side of the BAM :

best wishes to all the families dealing with losses today in boston . my heart belongs to you guys right now . #stays

You are something to behold ! The people of Boston probably do n't even know what you have been -LRB- cont -RRB-

may I state that shaq played with Lebron D-wade Steve Nash and played with the boston big 3 so I mean how good was he #without24

I just cried watching the Boston Explosion coverage .

I hope Mr. Lounds and his family are alright . Such a horrible tragedy in Boston . #whatswrongwithpeople

This Boston thing is just upsetting thoughgoshit makes me sick !!

Thanks to everyone who reached out today to see how my family is doing . Always thinking of Boston .

I 'm predicting a suspect in custody w/in 24 hrs of bombing . #boston #cowards #first48

Long , frustrating day . Tomorrow is a new day , though . Thinking of all involved with the Boston tragedy . #PrayForBoston goodnight .

4 my runner friends . If tomorrow is a running day 4 you , put an extra mile on your route in rememberance of those in Boston . #Bostonmarathon

Your all arguing about bullshit am tweeting about who 's grades cooler What about what happened in Boston today you ung

Not likely sleeper cell . If low impact artisan explosives , likely a disgruntled hometown individual -LRB- s -RRB- . Remember Oklahoma city . #Boston

Say a prayer for all of those affected by the Boston bombings . God bless our first responders !

New Kid On The Block Joey McIntyre Caught Up In Boston Marathon Bombings

So is this wear blue for Boston thing tomorrow going down or is no one doing that ?

Feeling even more disturbed to know that there 's a child died due to the Boston explosions , I 'm feeling so much anger and sadness in me now .

So Boston had a bombing today . My deepest prayers for all the ones who got hurt . x

Runners unite ! Unite tomorrow for #Boston . Wear a race shirt . If you dress up at work wear Boston blue /

Prayers upon prayers upon prayers #boston

The bombing in Boston just makes me so upset . Why are people so evil ?

Thoughts and Prayers from Australia to Everyone in Boston #Pray4Boston #BostonMararthon

Boston our prayers are with you . Have faith in the Government to bring you justice . Together we stand . #usa

Deep sorrow watching these images from Boston . #lovemyfamily

This is so sad . Love you , Boston .

Boston Marathon Bombing Facebook Page Created 2 Days PRIOR ? via Is this real ?

Whatever religion you follow or country you live in , please take a moment to pray for the victims in Boston today .

#prayforboston people were running a marathon for gods sake . running . a. marathon . and bombs are set off for real our world is so messed up

sorry for boston :-LRB- THOSE STUPID PEOPLE

Praying for those affected by the bombings in Boston . God is still in control but sometimes it 's difficult to remember that .

LOOK : Saluting First Responders At The Boston Marathon

Seeing the blood stained streets of Boston breaks my heart ! #BostonMarathon

As are #syrians , may all the tragedies of the world be remembered and never happen again . #syria #boston

It is so sad to see what has happened in Boston . I hope they catch the culprit soon

Actually , the latest is that three have died . #Boston

you were n't anywhere near Boston were you . ? Woke up to that on tv hoping you girls are safe.xoxo

My prayers goes out to the innocent people affected in boston . #prayforboston

I care about Boston but guys we need your help too ! Venezuela is on fire ! #prayforboston #prayforvenezuela

no no , I ran mine in toronto in Oct 2012 . Just pointed out how close they were to eachother had I qualified for Boston Marathon

So Saddened by another horrific tragedy #Boston Marathon Bombing Prayers to all affected by it and people of Boston

Hug your loved ones a little closer tonight . Thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected today in Boston . #prayforboston

I hope Boston supports capital punishment after todays events #Rip

Do s ` thing for a cause -LRB- Boston/other -RRB- just do itleave it to others to tweet itcharacter 's what you do when no on

Feel for #Boston , one of my favourite cities to visit . #loveBoston . Have to go back there soon .

#prayforBoston My heart breaks for you Boston . You are in my thoughts and prayers

I send my condolences to Boston and pray that all injured heal quickly #prayforboston

The Boston marathon explosions are horrific . Having been there 3 yrs ago i can not even imagine what it was like . Praying tonight

I will run my meet tomorrow for them the ones who ca n't run and were affected by the Boston bombing . . #prayforboston

Sad to think now all the Boston Marathon is going to be thought of is the bombing at the finish line

your day was good , prior to the news out of Boston . . shame and cowardlyu r right , some ppl r despicable !!

Bombs in Boston . Looks like America wants to invade someone

MannyVillarC5 How to Avoid Boston-Bombing Online Scams

what 's Buckwild and the Boston bombing have to do with Teen Mom ? #idiot

Atlanta Runners , to honor the runners and spectators in Boston , all Big Peach Running Company store locations will be

cell phone service was shut down today in Boston , to prevent any cell phone bomb detonation #America

Yes of course something is going down while people are being blown up in Boston at a Marathon as s a smoke

Dear , Boston tea party has nothing to do with Boston blasts . .

Still in shock over the Boston bombing .

Watching all this Boston coverage is stressing me out #Boston #PrayforBoston

I 'm taping remember Boston on my glove for the rest of the week

IN PHOTOS : Boston Marathon blasts . Here are some images from the deadly incident :

Let 's all get involved and find the terrorists of today 's bombing in Boston ! Pray for those recovering and ask God to remember the ones lost

In the last 4 months I have prayed more then ever . #lisasue #hmk #Boston

Prayers out to those affected by the Boston marathon bombing .

I have to say I was n't sure I could watch coverage of the events in #Boston today . So glad it was n't worse . #prayforBoston

I ca n't even watch this news about the Boston marathon . . No one should go through that pain .

So heartbroken over the tragedy in Boston today #prayforboston

You hashtag #prayforboston but how many took time today to really pray for Boston ? The world just ca n't afford fake

Been traveling all day Prayers going out to #Boston and those impacted by these awful acts .

Lots of love to all the victims in Boston . God bless #prayforboston

Sending our thoughts to the people of Boston tonight . Let music and friends guide you through this tragedy .

My thoughts and prayers are with everyone who is affected in Boston #BostonMarathon

My heart goes out to those who were in the Boston Marathon and their families .

After #Boston explosions , a scapegoat emerges on the right via

So sad , R.I.P Boston victims , people in this world need so much help its hard to see this happen :-LRB-

I hope justice is carried out swiftly for those in Boston . My thoughts are with the families of the deceased and

Whole boston thing has me in a bad/upset mood no one deserves to witness that type of situation

you think they over there sending up prayers for Boston or plotting ways to blow us the fuck up ?

So sad what has happend in Boston today . My thoughts an prayers ate out to everyone that was effected . #prayforboston

During my interview , we talked about our favorite basketball team and hers is the Boston Celtics . She does n't like the Lakers or Heat , LOL .

I had researched the Boston Marathon and considered doing it . My prayers for the runners , the victims , the families . .

I just saw a little kid in a wheelchair in some Boston pictures . . People are unbelievable .

I 'm confused on what color to wear for Boston tomorrow

Boston explosion , the Connecticut shooting , the North Korea thing , a baby 's organs being taken out and packed with drugs . Smh , sick world .

My heart goes out to the victims families in Boston , but I told u at the beginning of 2013 that this shall be a year of chaos disorder

Now i saw wear purple for boston , which color are we wearing ?

Eight year old child killed in the bombings . Tragic does n't begin to explain it . #prayforboston

Thoughts prayers go out to all the victims of the tragic , senseless bombing in Boston . #PrayforBoston

Half of yall are n't even prayin for Boston , just tweeting it cause everybody else is .

Everybody wear blue for Boston tomorrow . # 4-16-13

When #Revolution gets canceled for an NBC Special Report on the Boston bombing . I understand it 's a big dealbut now I 'm even more sad ! D :

Hoping my neighbour and fellow PJ fan who is in Boston for the marathon is ok .

Prayers go out to everyone hurt in the bombings at the Boston Marathonso awful

A moment of silence was observed before the #Coyotes vs. Sharks game at in the wake of events in Boston t

God Bless everyone in Boston today

How you can help following the #BostonMarathon bombings :

Boston marathonoh , my gosh . Terrifying . We 're never safe , are we ? Praying for the family who lost the 8 year old boybreaks my heart

Praying for everyone in Boston tonight ! Horrible Tragedy !! #prayforboston

My heart , prayers and thoughts are with Boston .

Boston blasts : No reports of any Singaporeans among casualties : MFA : April 16 , 2013 9:53 AMThere have been no

NEWS ! Boston Marathon bombing : The latest Patriots Day tragedy :

No coincidence between the Boston bombing the vote on Fienstiens gun ban bill today is there . Or is there ?

yes w all that is going on in Boston #Pray4Boston #prayforboston :-LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB-

some kind of bombing has taken place in Boston . Many saying it 's a terror attack but u ca n't rule out the possibility of an insane student

Why blue for Boston ? I mean I will but why blue ?

Right when the whole world is paying attention to what 's happening in Korea , there 's a bomb attack in Boston , Massachussets on Patriot Day .

I 'm not saying the thing that happened in Boston is n't sad or important , I 'm just saying the news is EXTREMELY biased . Fuck U

Prayers go out to all involved in Boston marathon . #PrayForBoston .

I feel bad for all the people that got hurt in The Boston Marathon .

BREAKING Cardinal O'Malley issues statement on Boston Marathon bombings :

and fans , heard about your Go Boston chant , THANKS ! #Awesome #prayforboston

Honestly who the fuck would set off a bomb like that . They deserve to be tortured in front of the city of Boston

This Boston bomb is crazy !!! -- its unbelievable

Thoughts go out to all those affected in Boston . How anyone can target marathon runners supporting charities all over the world is beyond me

My thoughts and blessings go out to everyone in Boston R.I.P little girl :-LRB- #prayforboston

Photo of the day exposes video surveillance camera in Boston

My stomach is twisted watching the news on Boston . . Theirs a special place in hell for the ones behind that .

Everyone tweets pray for Boston , but how many of you actually didthat 's what I thought .

Thank you , Mariska . I live in Boston and it 's been an eerie day . But we will get through this . Thanks for your thoughts .

Boston tonight . From space : via

If it was North Korea who bombed boston we pulling a fucking atomic bomb out on there asses !

#My prayers for those affected in the Boston attacked today !

Explosions at finish line of Boston Marathon kill 3 and injure many #JOUR31012

Just heard about the news on Boston - thoughts and prayers with you - why ca n't this world be at peace !! #Boston #bostonmarathon

Everyone keep Boston in your prayers and thoughts tonight .

I ca n't imagine what it would feel like to be in Boston right now !

Secret Service expands security at White House following Boston Marathon bombing

Bombings in Boston , U.S bombs an Afghan wedding party , this day is just messed up #wheresthelove

I think my band should move to Boston , good chance we would blow up there .

Glass of Crown and some old school tunes to end this day pouring one out for Boston

If you 're a true american . This Boston marathon bombing should make you sick . Whatever radical/terrorist group needs to be punished !

Watching the news about the Boston bombing , absolutely unreal . Crazy world we live in . #PrayForBoston

Praying for all people effected in Boston , hoping all injured can heal as best as possible and that the city of Boston

Let be real , how many of you are actually going to pray for Boston ?

Seeing all these pictures and videos on the news about Boston is horrible ! #prayforBoston

Praying for All of Boston Especially my friends . Hope you all are safe and well . Devil you ca n't destroy our Spirit !!!!

Do n't know whose responsible for the Boston bombing but if it was those damn towel heads it sure makes me wan na go over there and pop some

Photoset : norman-read-us : Examples of overwhelming kindness following the Boston Marathon explosions . This

All of sudden ppl are religious when kobe gets hurt and when that tragic thing happened in Boston , smh

God be with those affected at the Boston Marathon today . Praying for people 's hearts and minds in overall .

Don ' t just toss a prayer God 's direction for Boston , make time to pray for the many there who need our prayers

All of #SunDevilNation sends its prayers to those in Boston #SunDevilsForBoston

Bomb attack at the Boston Marathon . Crazy day in news . New video ! #BostonMarathon #prayforboston

Jody , do you see mlb changing security in and around stadiums and parking lots in response to what happened in Boston today ?

Prayers go out to Boston stay strong #prayforboston

After a long day in the prison , I come home to the news of the Boston bombing.My prayers for the injured . Sympathy to families of deceased .

AHH . HINDI PALA TAO ANG BOSTON D :

Prayers for all the victims of Boston bombing . Love is the only real emotion ! #doGOOD

Shocked at the reports of the bombing at the Boston Marathon overnight . Thoughts are with all those affected by the tragedy .

If you 're making jokes about the Boston bombing , I 'm judging you .

BOMBINGS most days I receive graphic photos of bombings , body parts , human rights abuses , only surprise today is it

Instead of saying pray for Boston how bout you grab a friend stranger sibling and tell them you love them .

3rd person dies at Boston Marathon , 141 injured . What kind of person -LRB- s -RRB- can do this at a race , such a non-political event ??

Sad day in Boston , thoughts and prayers go out to those impacted by the terrible events today

Task for today : Recite at least 108 time of Om Mani Padme Hum and dedicate it to our friends at Boston . May love compassion surround them .

In a couple of weeks no one will even be talking about the bombing in Boston

My heart goes out to everyone involved with the Boston tragedy !!! #prayersforboston #sosad

Man the Boston Marathon really seemed like a blast . #BostonMarathon

3 Boston Marathon Explosions Peace go to their souls and those dealing with the tragedy .

Wish I could go and give blood in Boston where it 's needed .

More footage of the Boston Marathon explosion from the Boston Globe

People keep asking me if I still wan na love in Boston ? Of course I do . Now more than ever . It 's things like this that bring all of us

The Boston bomber should have to live the rest of his life in jail with no legs #eyeforaneye

Heartbroken-Boston bombings now my friend DJ Don Johnson died of a massive heart attack . Too much #prayersforboston #djapollo

I just do n't understand blatant disregard for the value of human life . Prayers going out to Boston tonight

#Technology #Geek Aftermath of Boston Marathon Bombing : How Do Terrorists Use Improvised Explosi #TodoSobreTec

Boston . Usually Nova Scotia sends a Christmas tree , this time it 's thoughts and prayers !

Shipp 'n up to boston , to buy a wooden leg .

Simple , poignant MT Boston Globe editorial cartoonist Dan Wasserman 's marathon massacre drawing .

My heart goes out to Boston . So , so terrible . Lifting up my thoughts and prayers .

RT Hope everyone in Boston is okay ! Such terrible news

I 've seen wear red , wear blue , and wear purple , for Boston tomorrow which one is it ? Or should I get something rainbow and wear that ??

Great explosion happen in Boston marathon . Eyewitness post on social media and news spread over . It proof the power of social media via Ka

What is the world coming to . . prayers for all the Boston victims . .

To Boston . From Alabama . With love . Could n't find the Sr version but you get it .

Damn , one of the 3 who died today in Boston had a boyfriend who said he was gon na propose to her at the finish line .

PRAISE HIM IN THE STORM!Praise Him During Loss of Life , Praise Him During Tragedy in Boston!PRAISE HIM ! He Is Holy !!!

the thought of what happened in boston damn thats just pure evil its absolutely disgusting and heart breaking

If it 's true that some runners are finishing the marathon then running straight to give blood in boston #takeabow #pray

Pray for those affected by the tragic events following the Boston marathon . #prayforboston

All of y' all making up lies about people who died in the Boston marathon bombing #juststop

That doctor that just did the Boston hospital press conference is a boss .

Those people who did the bombing in Boston we should n't kill them we should torture them slowly they will die . #tobehonest

Many of you may already know , Dan and I are from the Boston area and we would like to send our thoughts and best

Omfg i cant believe they did that to boston o ;

Update for those worried about staff volunteers still in Boston : as far as I know , we were all a

its sick that some people are using what happened in boston as a way to get likes and retweets . reposts dont matter . just sit and pray .

i 'm from boston and that really meant a lot thank you .3

wow must i say anything you all know what is going on . someone said to where blue tomorrow or just where boston stuff if you want idk

I liked a video Boston Marathon Moment Of Bomb Explosion Raw Footage -LRB- AMAZING FOOTAGE -RRB- NEW !

Boston is one of the greatest cities , nothing will change that .

#IHateWhen People Make Pictures of Events In America Like The Boston Situation , Hurricane Sandy , The Shootings , Etc , For

Our thoughts and prayers here in Madison go out to Boston , especially to the tribe members . Stay strong , friends .

I bet Monroe or Charlie could take out the Boston Bomber without a hitch , man ! Just what I ne #Revolution #GetGlue

That eight year old girl that died in boston 's explosions #GotMeCrying

My heart is heavy today over Boston tragedy :-LRB- sending up prayers !

Boston stand up ! We will over come , my city , we stand together . #prayforbeantown

only thing on instagram is the boston thing

Could n't even imagine what those marathoners are going through . #BostonMarathon #PrayForBoston

Sorta made the first Boston joke #asshole

We 're all in this together . A message to Boston from NYC projected on the side of BAM :

Prayers for the city of Boston . Crazy , crazy world we live in . Just sad how people could do such things ? #Smh

our hearts are still broken over newtown , and now we find ourselves praying for boston . what is this world succumbing to ?

Warren Philp confirms all Thunder Bay runners safe and sound after Boston Marathon tragedy . #tbay

Boston Marathon Bombing Hoaxes and Conspiracy Nonsense - Blog

i saw a Philippine flag during the Boston Marathon i hope no fellow Filipinos were injured and my prayers go to all affected #prayforboston

Thinking about everyone in Boston . This is incredibly sad . :-LRB- -LRB- #prayforboston

These Boston pics make me want to grab my kid and never let go . The vermin that did this are fucking savages . I 'm literally sick .

Yaa Allah Yaa Rabbi , although those marathon bomb is not as bad as in Iran , but please , bless those seas of blood . Aamen . #prayforboston

The Boston Marathon tragedy has me feeling that same sick feeling as 9-11 ! I hate this feeling ! My heart cries for all who lost their lives !

May God watch over and help the victims in Boston get back to heath and find peace

I mean its sad about the Boston thing but I 'm not feelin purple

Our thoughts are with all those affected by the tragic news this week from #Iraq #Syria and #Boston .

S/o to the runners finishing the Boston marathon who ran to the hospital right after the race to give blood #heroic

Feeling bad mojo around Boston today . Hope U R OK ?

Worst coverage of Boston tragedy goes to #MSNBC . Al Sharpton was embarrassing . You must have a real anchor ready when major news breaks .

Nuff calls from Barbados , everyone concerned about Boston .

There was a grief page for the boston bombing made saturday , just like the newtown thing . Our government is screwing with us .

Today , an 8-year-old was killed from the Boston bombings . My heart aches for him , his family , friends . #Unreal

PM expresses condolences for Boston attack | SBS World News

Please keep all involved with the Boston tragedy in your thoughts and prayers . #bostonmarathon #prayforboston

The truth behind the Boston bombing is lost due to social networking . Watch da news .

Please say an extra prayer for Boston tonight . Goodnight y' all .

I ca n't believe someone would do something like that but in situations like this it also shows how many great people there is #Boston

My heart goes out to everyone in Boston right now . It 's days like these where I 'm reminded how minuscule my problems re

Like they 're already planning on picketing funerals of the Boston victims . Ridiculous

A certain religious group from the USA is looking for media mileage again for announcing plan to picket Boston Marathon bombing funeral .

waking up to this in the morning . stay strong Boston ! thought and prayers #BostonMarathon

My little cousin was at the Boston marathon but luckily left early , gon na pray for those who were n't so lucky

I have things to do tonight for #PIF12 but I 'm struggling to find the impetus . Boston . The world , as a whole . Just depressing as hell .

prayers go out to the victims of the boston bombings

Do n't pray for boston , pray for the world .

I do n't know what 's going to be revealed to be behind all of this boston mayhem . One human insect or a poisonous mass of broken sociopaths .

i just heard about what happened in Boston .

I 'm so sad reading abt the explosions fatalities near the finish line at Boston Marathon . My prayers from Malaysia :-LRB-

Praying for the victims in Boston . So so sad

If the media wants you to pray for #Boston , you 'll pray for Boston , if it wants you to pray for #Syria , you 'll pray for Syria #mindcontrol .

The ridiculous part about the whole Boston thing is that they have no clue who did this #prayforboston

Prayers , thoughts and love go out to all in Boston affected by this senseless tragedy .

A heartfelt thank you to all the #Boston EMTs , firefighters , police , medical staff today . You are heroes .

I am saddened about what happened in Boston . #prayforboston

Be praying for all of the people affected by the bombing in Boston today #BostonMarathon #BostonHelp

Look at my last retweet and just fucking think about it before you go and say some half assed shit about boston .

Poor little girl that die in the bombing in Boston :-LRB-

Prays for all those killed or injured in Boston today .

I love you Boston . Thanks for your thoughts New York .

Our hearts go out to the victims of the bombings in Boston . Our Candlewood family is sending thoughts and prayers to you and your families .

Soon as I get the chance , I am going to buy and wear a Boston Red Sox ball cap . As a diehard Yankees fan , that 's a l

I send my deepest thoughts and prayers to the families of the victims in Boston tragedy . #BostonMarathon

Pray for Boston . Lets hope no more bombs go off

Arsenio mate I 'm from the UK Sunderland and I ca n't believe what 's happening in Boston . Whats the worlds coming to ? WHY . . !

April 15th - Titanic Sink April 15th - Hillsborough disaster April 15th - Boston bombings Jesus christ

Going to bed with my thoughts and fears about the Boston Marathon incident swirling around my head .

Sorry we have to , but we 're praying for you , Boston . Hang in there ; America has your back . #prayforboston #bostonmarathon

Sending love prayers to all those affected by the explosions in Boston

Oppa , please pray for Boston . Because , Boston is my city before I go to California . #prayforboston #PrayerForBoston

Please sign/RT this petition to ban the Westboro Baptist Church from picketing at the Boston funerals !

been thinking about you today ! Thoughts and prayers to boston

Pray for the injured after the attack in Boston , but also pray for whoever made the attack . They 're obviously lost

Keep praying . You 're in our hearts Boston 3 #prayforboston

Former USD runner Matt Dewald -LRB- 2001-04 , Yankton nat . -RRB- placed 20th at Boston Marathon Mon. -LRB- 2:19.35 -RRB- . Was not hurt in Boston explosions .

Go to school get killed , watch a movie get killed , run a marathon get killed . . Cruel world we live in . Life is too precious #prayforboston

yeah then he doubled the runner off ! Did you see he had Pray for boston taped on the web of his glove ? I miss him

I see tweets Pray for Boston , but those people who tweets that , i didnt see them tweeting Pray for Lahad Datu . How sa

Do n't forget to keep those injured today from the Boston marathon in your prayers tonight

Final thoughts on the Boston Marathon tragedy for tonight : Good Evil . Always . No matter what .

#prayforboston being a racer and a cop my heart goes out . Brothers and sisters in blue pls be safe . God speed boston

My whole heart and all my energy go out to the people of #Boston . They need all the strength they can get . What happened today was so wrong .

Pray for the people in Boston who died or was injured

And everyone , love from New OrleansFinish strong Boston . Finish strong !

The Matthew Brower Show is live at 11 pm ET with co host Chris Miller as we breakdown the bombing in Boston today

No reason for this violence in Boston . Youkilis left town a year ago .

Eyewitness accounts of #Boston explosions are heart wrenching . Watching Special Report

This Boston thingy reminds me of something that would happen in a movie . * squints eyes *

Did Boston Got Bombed By The Koreans o.o #WTFUCKK

Boston Pizza celebrated their 5th Anniversary tonight in Wasaga Beach . Fun party with music by Strange Potatoes , good company and food !

I 've never been to Boston . But after today I feel like I 'm intimately familiar with a three-block stretch #BostonMarathonBombing

Makes no sense what happened out there in Boston

Bruce Schneier with sanity about Boston : grieve and support , but refuse to be ` terrorized '

I get my news from internet too . Today I got email abt Boston

Who else thinks North Korea did the bombs in Boston ?

Thoughts and prayers are with every and anyone affected by today 's events in Boston and furthermore daily abroad .

STOP SCROLLING ! Look at this pict who was made all of this fuckn sad memories in Boston . #PrayForBoston

Turn to channel 8 if you want to get more of a inside look on the Boston tragedy

Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone affected by the bombing in Boston . Not only the victims but , for the

the boston bombing is on the news , so sad :-LRB- -LRB-

Sending love and support to the people of Boston . Such a tragedymy heart hurts . #prayforboston

My thoughts and prayers go out to those in boston . Props to those runners who donated blood afterward . #prayforboston

Requesting our W PA athletes pull together tonight . As believers in Jesus we understand Romans 8:28 Be in prayer for Boston guys . FCA prays !

I 've seen 2 different pictures paying respects to the 8 yr old that passed away today in Boston 1 a boy and 1 a g

A cousin who attended Matthew 's funeral also ran the Boston Marathon today . His wife sat in that section . Both are OK .

My heart breaks for everyone is Boston , Massachusetts .

Sending love and prayers to the people of Boston . Our thoughts are with you tonight .

Thank you , people of Boston , for rising to the occasion to be heroes and restoring what faith I have in humanity

The Boston bombing reminds me of what happened in NY . Two different attacks In the same place separated by only a few minutes . Pretty sad . .

message from NY to Boston Brooklyn Academy of Music .

My heart and prayers go out to all of those affected by the bombings in Boston today . Curious to find out what or who is responsible

All this news on the boston explosion can fuck off

What happened to Boston is some serious matter . And you blame Zayn for it ?! Like duh -_- What kind of brains do you have ?!?!

Bombings are happening in more than one place . #prayforsyria #prayforiraq #prayforboston

I heard that too , but according to the WSJ , police are now saying the suspicious devices were n't bombs :

On a day like this the rivalry that is New York vs. Boston dissolves away . What is left is the connecting human experience of utter tragedy .

The Boston thing was probably done by Obama and the rest of his cooky government group .

Prayers for everyone in Boston today , loved ones , families , and victims #BostonMarathon

What happened in Boston today devastates me . Prayers are with all those affected

We shall return on next week for the #REVOPARTY . Again , I 'm praying for everyone in Boston .

It was Patriot 's Day in Boston Israel 's B'day

2 dead . at least 78 injured at the boston marathon . sad news to start the day .

I love this . on what it means to be from Boston today :

Woke up to terrible news about the explosions . My thoughts and prayers are with the people from Boston everyone a

My prayers go to those affected by the Boston bombing #godbless

My thoughts and prayers goes out to all the people that were affected in the Boston tragedy . #BostonMarathon

I 'm all for supporting Boston but stop posting gruesome pictures If you want peace like your all saying stop posting examples of violence

We should n't live in fear . . But it is just crazy what sick people will do !! Boston strong !!

if really does Picket the funerals of those affected in Boston , they better b greeted by a mob of Bostonians to kick there ass

Columbine , 9/11 , Sandy Hook , now Boston , and so many more tragedies . I think that world peace is almost a fantasy now . So sad .

hope that everything in boston is going to be alright #prayforboston

Just watched the footage from Boston I hate seeing things like that . Why people decide to do these things I 'll NEVER

I may not like Boston but you never attack innocent civilians . Fuck the people who are responsible for what happened today . #OPBoston

Politicians React To Boston Marathon Explosion -LRB- SLIDESHOW -RRB- via

Our hearts go out to everyone in Boston , but that girl lives in VA , she 's not dead #prayforboston

I can say my home is not safe anymore #Boston

What 's sad is we are giving whatever sicko did that in Boston the kind of attention they wanted . It 's disgusting #pray

please pray for everyone involved in the Boston tragedy today #prayforboston

Did n't dare to watch the video of boston marathon since I can see bloods everywhere on the picture .

Sorry twitter , I got ta put ya down , between a work dinner and Boston I do n't want to read people 's stuff .

Eggzactly I thought Boston PD denied this guy existed ?

My prayers go out to all the families that were affected by the bombs in Boston .

Thoughts go out to victims , friends , families all athletes impacted by the non-sensical bomb blasts at the Boston Marathon #prayforboston

My heart goes out to all the people affected in Boston today , praying for all the injured and their families . 3

Wear purple tomorrow for those injured/killed in Boston

2 bombs just went off at the Boston Marathon finish line . Damn

Holy crap ! Doctors retrieve ball bearings from the victims of the Boston Marathon explosions . So , it is terrorist oriented . #cnn #tv

I 'm in Boston ; if you look at the faces of people in Boston today , into their eyes , they look as though they have lost something - they have

All my thoughts and prayers to those affected by the explosion in the Boston Marathon . May God be with you all . #prayforboston

Woke up to the news of the Boston tragedy . Terrorists are cowards and fucktards . Praying for everyone affected by tragedy worldwide . #Peace

My heart is breaking for the victims and families in the Boston bombing . #PrayForBoston

To the people in Boston as Americans we are with you and by your side

What bastard bombs a running marathon ? The idiot killed a lot of innocent lives #prayforboston #BostonMarathon #HeartsOu

The whole boston incident is nowhere near funny . I doubt half of you know what its like to lose someone that didnt have t

ok im gon na go pray for boston then hit the hay night night

Fucking bastards whoever bombed the Boston marathon I hope u fucking pay big time

its hard to think that it was probably an American who bombed Boston and not a foreigner . #crazy

I wonder if I could only run without stopping today had to do with the motivation and Boston 's angels with me .

pray for the people in Boston guys . the news is spreading like a disease .

it 's so sad watching all the news about Boston . #prayingforboston

Sending love to everyone in Boston tonight you are all in my heart .

Sending strength and healing of mind , body and spirit to all in Boston .

- you a bunch of shits . Picket the funerals of people who died Ina terrorist attack in Boston ?

The #NYC 3 #Boston stuff is touching BECAUSE NYCers spend so much time talking about how Boston sucks . Maybe it 's just Hamilton Nolan .

I 'm just hoping the Boston Marathon bombing was not North Korea #scaryshit #praying

FWD : Wear Blue tomorrow to honor everyone in Boston ! Spread the word ! Thanks ! #passiton #bostonbombings #blue

Pray for all the people Injured and killed in the Boston marathon #prayforboston

My prayers go out to all of the families affected in Boston and all the people who helped and saved lives ! Thank you ! #prayforboston

I watch the video of the Boston Police , EMS volunterrs running to the bombs to help others , that is the American way #prayersforboston

A horrible tragedy at the Boston Marathon . We extend our deepest sympathies to all those affected . Updates here :

Boston Bombing - Pray For Boston : What Kind Of World Is This ? Bombing Inosint People / 3 #PrayForBoston via

Michael Savage ENRAGED Over Boston Marathon Bombing and DHS :

pray4boston and if u did n't know search up terror in Boston

I ca n't process much , so I wrote this on the sunrise on Boston tomorrow .

DO YOU SEE THAT ? These fucking people want to really do this ? That quickly ? Yo , you all need to suck a big fat dick . #Boston

it really is so sad what happened in boston . what is this world coming to ?

I was thinkin about it Todays tax day The Boston tea party was in Boston and it was about taxes The attack was in Boston . On tax day . #weird

Miami-Dade Sports Commission organizing a silent run to honor today 's Boston victims . Gather on Tuesday , 7 pm , at 1300 Brickell Ave. , Miami .

Boston tournament in May with Lynx LORD JESUS KEEP US ALL SAFE :-RRB-

I shielded my son from today 's coverage from Boston , but when the day comes that he comprehends such awful news

To think our soldiers live through events like the Boston Marathon every day is beyond humbling #thankful #speechless #humbled #blessed

Special blessing to all the those who were directly affected by the Boston ordeal .

Awwwww poor baby . !! RIP to the little angel !!! Repost for Respect ! #Boston

That 's fuck up what happen in Boston today

Boston is kinda more important though

this Boston stuff honestly makes me want to cry

To those making jokes about Boston being bombed , kill yourself .

Having a hard time in accepting what happened in Boston today . I will be around to tweet #RHOC . Need a distraction !

Heart goes out to all of those involved in the tragedy in Boston

do n't just pray for Boston , go donate blood at your next blood driveyou never know when something tragic happens and i

Thank God my cousin and his wife are okay ! They were running in the Boston Marathon !

This boston bomb jokes is fuckin unsensitive but it 's funny as hell . Damn you sickpediabot !

Thoughts and prayers with everyone in Boston , USA . YNWA

I hate to be the person who says it , but this is why stuff in Boston happens .

Sending every bit of love , light , positive energy to the good people of in Boston -- many fighting for thei

I hope all of you saying you 're praying for Boston are actuallyyy doing it . .

holding fundraiser 4/26 for victims of #Boston tragedy $ 30 open bar w/apps 7-10pm proceeds

A Celebration of Human Achievement Prevails - The Boston Marathon differs from any other race out there . Unlike ot

Quiet flight back to Boston . Street

I always thought Boston was a safe place , it 's where I want to live . My heart goes out to you , Boston . #PrayForBoston

8 yr old killed . Many had their limbs blown off ! -LRB- Boston bomb blasts -RRB- Bombs were planted in trash cans . Saudi suspected .

I agree that it 's spread the word about the tragedy in Boston but just because you tweet about it does n't mean you pray about it . #dontforget

My prayers go out to Boston . It 's horrible how people are capable of doing these awful things

Wear a race shirt tomorrow in honor of Boston - fitandfabulouskristin 's photo

Note to those fighting gun control - were guns used in the Boston Marathon bombing ? - no .

our thoughts and hearts are with our Girl Scout sisters in Boston and everyone who was affected by the incident today .

Emerson College students captured video after Boston Marathon explosion via

All these pictures of the boston bombings are really sad .

Thoughts go out to Boston , what is wrong with the world #prayforboston #BostonMarathon

#ThingsThatPissMeOff little kids ca n't go to school , people ca n't go to a sporting event , and people ca n't watch a movie in safety . #Boston

I would love to bring some comic relief to the table on this Boston thing but apparently that 's frowned upon in this establishment .

Our prayers are going out to Boston tonight , in sorrow for the injuries and losses , and in thanksgiving for the

Um . All of Boston is to be on the look out for a black man in a hoodie ? Yes . That narrows it down . You 'll find him in no

Our deepest condolences for Boston tragedy .

Let 's not jump to international-ethnic terrorism conclusions re : Boston . We made that mistake with Oklahoma City in 19

All my prayers go out to the people families effected in the Boston bombing . #PrayForBoston

Photoset : snowstorminjuly : usatodaysports : Examples of overwhelming kindness following the Boston Marathon

I just saw a picture of somebody 's leg blown off at the bombing . #prayforboston

#GOPLogic Hey I know Boston just got bombed but let 's still make the presidents job as hard as possible

Guys I ca n't take it anymore !! I hate this world ! Seriously shooting in a school , a movie theater , now a bomb in Boston !! Whats next for us ?

Watching the update on Boston . I could n't even imagine

If we find whoever bombed the Boston Marathon , we better hang them by their thumbs in the middle of Boston and Tortur

I had to turn off CNN . So so sad for Boston . I 'll be on my knees praying for those hurt , and praying whoever did thi

CNN Jackass Blames Right Wing Extremists for Boston Bombing !

Wow . Boston . Is it still safe to live in this country ?

Some incredible stories coming out of this tragedy . #Boston remains the best city in the world .

Y' all still talking about pray for Boston , y' all shoulda been prayed .

There are no known or credible threats in Minnesota tied to the events in Boston . Remember to report any

So y' all blame Obama for the explosion in Boston ? #getyourlife !

Thoughts go out to those caught up in this horrific disaster in Boston no one should ever have to go though that

Will we hear the Truth on the Boston attack or will it be kept from us like #Benghazi #tcot

I am so impressed by Boston , its citizens , and the runners ; it makes me want to be there next year just to say they ca n't stop US .

when i herd of the boston explostion i thought of you when you went running there

Bad people say that Zayn is terrorist , and say that he threw bombs in Boston . Thats sad :-LRB- x2

Moment of silence in CHI for Boston . | Star Spangled Banner - TSN Video -

Sadly , I did n't get the tickets to see The Rolling Stones at the Boston Garden .

We are deeply saddened to hear about the bombings at the Boston Marathon today ! Our thoughts and prayers go out

We were deeply saddened by today 's tragic events . Our hearts and thoughts go out to the city of Boston and all those wh

a terrible tragedy today in boston . hope and pray the people that got involved and my friends from northpoint bible college are okay .

Wear RED tomorrow in memory of the Boston Marathon Bombing victims ! #prayforboston

Stevie Johnson tweeted about a week ago saying if Korea was gunna bomb somewhere , make it be Boston/New England . Fr

Sending comfort to grieving Boston in the form of a 3YO hugging a dog . Love .

Washington : Amriki Shehar Boston Me Merathon K Doran 2 Dhamakay , 3 Afrad Halak , 15 Se Zaid Afrad Zakhmi Ho Gaye.Follow JAHAN _ DIDA

Still ca n't get over the bombing in #Boston so horrible and senseless

- oh my gosh . I 'm so thankful that Lauren is ok ! Praying for Boston .

The list of people willing to help in Boston has restored my faith in people . It 's what I 'm taking away from today . ht

Switchfoot - Red Eyes : Pray For Boston - We send our love to those who were hurt and the families of the lives

RT my tweet to show your respect for all those affected by the boston bombing

I Want God To Do A Miracle For Boston #Seriously To Heal All The People That Got Hurt , To Stand On Thier Own Two Feet Again .

I would hate being a doctor and having to see some of the things that happened to people in Boston today first hand

3 people confirmed dead from the Boston Bombing , this is so sad , and the person that did this is so sick . #PrayForBoston

You go to see a movie Get shotYou go to school Get shotYou go to run a Marathon Get bombed #prayforboston

I really wan na watch highlights but all that is on ESPN is Boston

This Patriots Day , my heart hurts for the city of Boston . #GodBlessBoston

I am not fast enough to qualify for the Boston . But thanks for worrying about me .

this is when i wish boston wasntt a stateee

Canadian businesses in Boston play waiting game - Globe and Mail : Globe and MailCanadian businesses in Boston

In the world and just Boston . Sort of did my head in

Sending heartfelt thoughts prayers to all in Boston . #bostonmarathon

Pray for those in Boston whose lives were affecte #looktoGod

Child , 8 , Among the Dead in Boston Marathon Explosions : An 8-year-old child was one of two casualties when bom

My head can not wrap around the horrible events today in Boston . I ca n't imagine the elation then -LRB- cont -RRB-

I 'm from #Massachusetts living in #hrva now I still love #Boston

WCVB : Police are urging people in Boston to stay at home , avoid large crowds -

It 's crazy such a horrible thing happened so close to home . My heart goes out to the people of Boston tonight . #staystrongboston

I mean Boston university will know if your in school Ariane !

So sad to hear about Boston . :-LRB- I hope everyone is ok .

Prayers and thoughts for those affected by the Boston bombing today . It 's a sad sad world we live in nowadays .

Wear a race shirt tomorrow in honor of of the victims of today 's Boston marathon massacre #bm2013

My thoughts prayers go out to those in Boston . Stay strong everyone . They will make it through this horrible tragedy .

Please do n't post pictures of bloody people in Boston . .

Heartfelt prayers to the victims at Boston Marathon today

former patriots guard carryall woman to safety during the Boston explosions #trenchswag #hero #RESPECT

I 've posted this on FB , but sharing here . THIS is how I will choose to remember today . #Boston

Praying that the good of humanity shines through this tragedy . Much love to the beautiful city of Boston . #prayforboston

I 'm so happy they acknowledged EMS today at the Boston tragedy . Most people do n't realize what they go through every day .

My prayers go out to everyone affected by the Boston Marathon Explosions !

thoughts and prayers out to those killed in the massacre in Iraq , Afghanistan , and Boston today .

I just watched the video of the Boston Marathon , it made me cry

Sad day in Boston . Holding all those affected in my prayers .

hi richie how are you ?? so sad what happen in boston , saw this on the uknews , i miss you i been thinking of you a lot

BAB 021 : My Reaction to the Boston Marathon Terror Attack My Urge of You Following Such : via

I cant say anything about #Boston because Im from a far away where happen the worst violence impunity actions . I just give them my respect

8 yr old killed in the Boston bombing today man . That ai n't right . No age is right But 8 though ? . That hurts

I can not believe what happened at the Boston Marathon today . My heart goes out to everyone who has been affected

Goodnight and once again my thoughts and prayers go out to Boston tonight #PrayForBoston

Wear a race event shirt tomorrow for the Boston victims . Thing is , only runners can fully take part in this . We 're a fami

It 's so scary to think that what happened in Boston could happen anywhere . . so sad

Fact that doctors keep reiterating they 're used to dealing w / this level of trauma is a reminder that Boston is a worl

Death Toll Climbing : 3 dead , 141 injured in Boston Marathon blasts

My Heart goes out to all the family 's in Boston ! #PrayForBoston

This whole thing just makes me want to be in Boston more than I already wanted to in the first place #soon

Somebody on my FB said the Boston Marathon explosion would n't of happened if Bush was in office . Pissed me ALL the way off .

We 've gone dark on Twitter tonight in honor of those in Boston . We 'll be back in the morning . In the meantime -- hug so

Boston people look out for each other . They even offered rooms to the public and everything #prayers

My heart goes out to all those in Boston affected by today 's tragedy . Such a terrible thing . .

Yall know im an all around Boston sports fan half my fam lives there . All that has happened today on patriots day makes my stomach twist .

Did everyone have a blast at the Boston marathon?Too soon?Okay

Boston marathon bombing is just like 9/11 except with way less dead . But it still ignites the fire of the American people into waging war

keeping boston , virginia tech , and newtown in my thoughts . the way we approach violence in this country needs to be drastically reformed

Hopefully everyone who was injured in Boston is okay . As well as the families of those who were killed . I hope our

Prayers to all in #Boston . So sad someone could do this . Unfortunately this is the world we live in now #BostonMarathon #prayersforboston

I would n't say pray for Boston , I 'd say pray for all mankind . The whole world has gone crazy

My prayers go out to all the victims and family 's of those in the Boston Marathon .

So I see this bitch talkin shit about what happened it boston . Strike 1 . Then I see her talkin shit to Autumn ? Strike muthafuckin 2

This Boston bombing story is getting sadder and sadder . . #GodBlessAmerica

In some pics/visuals u can see #Boston ppl comforting injured . Something for us to learn after the #Jaipur shocker .

Before you guys go to sleep , remember to say a prayer for those effected in Boston today . #prayforboston

Boston , you 're in my prayers tonight #staystrong

I can not get over what happened at the Boston marathon today so sad

Photos From Boston Marathon Explosions we all live in a shitty society and unfortunately it 's only getting worse #sad

funny , already found someone on there ! looking for someone in boston area though !

Businesses should n't capitalize on t/Boston tragedy by offering to donate based on RT 's likes or sales . Just donate , be selfless not selfish

I 'm a little weepy | 12 Examples Of People Being Awesome After The Attack On The Boston Marathon

Prayers go out to Boston , but it amazes me that people make up fake sob stories just for RT and favorites #HaveSome

I have absolutely no respect for people who make something up about the bombings in Boston just to get retweets . Y' all

Instagram cares about Boston , Facebook cares about Boston , but all Twitter seems to care about today is gaining followers DMing celebs .

While I complain about work , people in #boston have experienced a tragedy today . I ca n't seem to comprehend what the world is coming too

#Portland runner at Boston Marathon : ` I was praying it was a gas leak ' - A #Portland man said finishing the Bost

While horrific , what happened in Boston just does not surprise me . 9/11 changed everything . We should expect the unexpected , sadly .

Timeline : Tragedy at the Boston Marathon : Two deadly bomb blasts , seconds apart , turned the 117th Boston Marat

The Boston bombing was planned feel free to thank illuminati folks

Our thoughts and prayers are with those that were affected by the bombings in Boston today #prayingforBoston

Rip to those lost in the The Boston Marathon bombing , our hearts and prayers go out to the families of the lost and to those who are in . .

why does that have to deal with revolution and the Boston marathon news hahaha

there was a terrorist attack in boston massachusetts today . i never thought i would say that on account of the fact that i live there .

Boston Globe editorial cartoonist cartoon reaction to today 's #BostonMarathon attacks :

Sending all of our Aloha , Love , Light , Thoughts and Prayers to those affected in Boston . #prayforBoston

To everyone in Boston , you are in our prayers .

Go to school gets shot , go to the movies get shot , run a marathon gets bombedno where is safe except my bed #PrayForBoston

Boston is packed full of them . It 's like Dearborn East .

Thinking of everyone in Boston . Very sad

It 's sad to think of how cruel people are keep the people from boston in your prayers #bostonmarathon

Footage of the bombs at the Boston marathon . This video is real !

Latest in the Boston bomb explosions ? May as well catch up on that . : - /

Please keep the people of Boston in your prayer .

Bomb blasts rock Boston Marathon ; 3 killed , over 100 injured

Please tell me where on her number it says Boston or Marathon . That race was in VA. . You guys are idiots .

Cant even run outside for a good cause . #prayfortheworld Boston u r n my prayers .

Hope everyone straps on the shoes tomrorrow and goes #Running . Running communities way of saying eff you and you 'll never beat us !! #boston

Fuck these people who think Muslims caused the bombing at Boston . Think before you let your anger get the better of you .

NBA cancels Boston Celtics game against Indiana Pacers as a result of Boston - New York Daily News

See Events In Boston :-LRB- we all have #prayforboston

4/15 : Boston Bombing . 4/16 : VT shooting . Planned or coincidence is the question of the hour . . .

I 've been so wrapped in my own stresses of the day that I did n't even know about Boston till my cousin Yani told

Honestly the shit that Happened in Boston is really getting to me . It 's so sad man .

My thoughts prayers are with those in Boston . Truly a tragedy at the Boston Marathon

What a terrible news to wake up to . . To the people affected by the bombing , my prayers go out to you . #PrayForBoston :-LRB-

Watching the news hurts so much , God Bless , Boston .

Prayers for those affected in the incident that happened in boston

praise the Lord ! Praying with you for Boston !

I just found out that Boston got bombed ! : o

Bombs kill people cause horrific injuries.This is true no matter who does the bombing . #Boston did n't deserve

I really wish the media would stop posting bloody horrific pics of the victims in Boston . #praying #bostonyourmyhome #bostonmarathon

#ALSOinNEWS 3 dead in Boston Marathon blasts , White House claims ` act of terror ' - Hindustan Times : #FollowUs

Is the Boston bombing a staged event to make us forget about gun control ?

Our first live from #Boston tonight

#Boston #BostonHELP I dont but will tweet if I find also keep checking

I 'm not about this pray for Boston shit . Does nothing . #DonateToBoston instead , nah

Release of immigration bill delayed because of Boston marathon tragedy

In support of all the runners in Boston who went straight to local hospitals to donate blood for those in need ,

Praying for the city of #Boston , in this difficult time . To those who lost their loved ones , the injured let healing flow .

Ca n't believe what happened in Boston It 's just one thing after another in this country

To the douchebag that bombed Boston , get a fucking life you killed an eight year old #FuckYou

Just learning about Boston . On top of along day when I felt ok-just needing sleep-this has pushed me into sad mode . Be well , friends .

After repeatedly watching the deadly attack on runners in Boston , I am filled not only with sorrow -LRB- cont -RRB-

Finished my tour in protecting the city of NY . got the OT God Bless the victims in Boston and all around the globe suffering

Prayers for peace , answers , and healing for all involved in the Boston bombings today . God we trust You , and put

Boston Marathon and Janine Tugonon 's guesting sa kris tv . Affected ako pareho .

| I ca n't even begin to express how sad I am about what happened in Boston today . We as a nation have experienced

Its amazing how unsensative ppl can be ppl are blaming the Boston bombing on he is so sweet jst leave him alone #weloveyouzayn 3

Never in my wildest thoughts did I ever think this could happen to Boston . #PrayersForBoston

We 'll be greeted as liberators . Expecting Dick Cheney to declare the city of Boston ripe for an invasion tomorrow .

Praying does nothing , I feel entitled to do something for the people of Boston . .

I unbelievable tragedy in Boston . My heart goes out to all the victims and my thanks go to all the heros #Boston #bostonmarathon

Boston does n't deserve this . It 's more than a feeling .

Praying for all Bostonians tonight #Boston Stay Strong

A full powerful image of NYC 's message to Boston projected on the side of BAM tonight . -LSB- via FB cc

My heart is so heavy w / the bombing at Boston Marathon . I 'm hugging my family tighter tonight . Praying 4 peace and comfort 4 those impacted

Please visit the Facebook to donate to the victims of today 's tragedy in Boston . Visit here --

Watching the news in the Boston marathon makes me sick to my stomach . #prayforboston

The Boston police commissioner looks exactly what you 'd expect a Boston police commissioner to look like .

The video about bomb explosion at the Boston marathon finish line

Sad news this morning :-LRB- pray for Boston

im from boston : / But i love youuuuu and your a amazing mom

Me no good with words , but I tried to write something in honor of Boston today .

Eyewitnesses reveal horror of aftermath of Boston Marathon bomb blasts

i do n't know what 's worse , the bombing itself or a plagiarist like Mike Barnicle reporting live from the scene #Boston

If prayer changes things I pray for Boston and the ones responsible .

RT #boston marathon friends families - prayers are going up for you all tonight .

Why are people butt hurt about Boston ? I 'm pretty sure if some shit exploded here , Boston honestly would n't give a fuck .

RT Boston John Forger is safe and sound and just got home ! Thank you Jesus but plz keep all those people in Boston in your prayers !

Video : BREAKING : Explosions at Boston Marathon ! Gold Plunges 140 Dollars in 1 Day -LRB- by DEMCAD -RRB-

Prayers go out to everyone affected by the bombing in Boston . God is still in control , and He has a plan . #PrayersFo

The News From Boston - LA LEGGERS

This Boston stuff makes me sick to my stomach . #prayforboston

Boston you where here for us so we are here for you ! #BostonMarathon #newtown #Boston

So proud of the doctors , first responders , nurses , and civilians who undoubtedly saved numerous lives today . #Boston

To the bitchs that bombed Boston , you can bet your ass your callin it war !!

While you 're praying for Boston , pray for the people in the middle east and Africa who experience this everyday . #prayf

R.I.P. to the 8 yr old boy who died in Boston 's explosions , while running for the Sandy Hook kids .

This event in Boston is a reminder of how we all should be thankful for those we 're still blessed to have in our lives #Pr

I WISH THAT EXPLOSION WASNT GOING TO HIT BUT IT DID RIP BOSTON MARATHON RUNNERS WE PRAY FOR YOU

Wear Purple for Boston Tomorrow people #prayforboston

What are your thoughts on the tragic Boston Marathon ? Was terrorist

My heart goes out to Boston and those who were hurt and killed

Coming up at 11 : How the tragedy at today 's Boston Marathon is affecting safety procedures at the Lansing Marathon , nex

Prayers to all the families in Boston today

Praying for Boston victims . So tragic and unnecessary ! #brokenworld

The Dr. Mark Foster Show : Terrorism at the Boston Maranathon : via

Tired of seeing this Boston stuff . Makes me sick

Thank you ! =-RRB- A bit spooked that I wrote this right before Boston . =|

I 'm actually disgusted being apart this this time in life , that Boston stuff was fuckin ridiculous

Pagi-pagi ada kabar bom boston . . #GODblessAmerica

Ya , got bombing at the boston marathon , at the finishing there .

Should I wear maroon and orange because of the VT shooting or purple for the Boston bombing incident #hmm #asktwitter

3 2 all hurt directly touched by horrible act of terrorism in Boston today U R in my t

My prayers go out to those affected by the bombing at the Boston Marathon today .

I am good , thank you ^_^ And you ? Honestly I was shocked by the new from Boston . Any of your family or friends in the area ?

Just saw unedited pics from the Boston Marathon Bombing . Evil exists . The people or person that did it needs to die .

The leftie media speculations on the Boston bombings : Russert : Boston Bombing May Be Connected to Waco , Texas

Staring to get emotional seeing that across NYC there are banners going up on buildings in support of Boston . This is the

Because praying for the Boston Bombing is better than donating money .

oh shiiettt , the guy on the roof during the boston bombing . He must 've done it .

These pictures of the aftermath of the explosion in Boston are devastating . A time to pray . Check out this photo gallery from

Saddened by the news coming from #Boston today . Sad thing is that things like this happen everyday just somewhere else in the world .

Westborough baptist church plans to picket funerals for victims in Boston , lets fucking kill them

Praying that God will be with all the people in Boston tonight . Such a tragedy . #prayforboston

Prayers go out to Boston and the families and friends of those affected by the tragedy .

sigh Go to school get killed go watch a movie get killed run a marathon get killed No ones safe nowadays ? #prayforboston

this is another prime example of someone using the Boston bombing to get retweets . You 're a fucking embarrassment

FBI is running the massive multi agency investigation . CIA , State Dept. , Boston Police also in the mix . #Boston

A sombre night in Boston -LRB- Via PlanetAtheism -RRB- #Atheism : Chris Hadfield tweeted the above pictu

I 'm sending prayers out to the people in Boston !!

Look at this rockin price on a hotel in Boston for only $ 29 at RT Please ;--RRB-

Anyone who thinks they can terrorize Boston does n't know Boston .

Rip to the woman who died in Boston today who 's boyfriend was at the finish line waiting to prepose to her

They fact that an 8 year old girl died in the Boston Marathon for Sandy Hook kids kills me . There is just sick people out there .

You think that tragedies like the Boston bombing would bring us closer as a nation , some ways it does , but really we just try to blame others

Explosions at Boston Marathon viaIs that Steven Spielberg ? Sure looks like it

all we are saying is give peace a Change - John Lennon / / My prayers go out to Boston #PrayForBoston

ummm greta this tragedy happened in Boston . . not Baltimore ! Get it right if you 're going to report it .

Heart and prayers go out to the families and people effected by the terrible bombing in #Boston . #bostonmarathon #prayersforboston #peace

My heart dropped when I heard about what took place in Boston . United we stand ! I 'm praying for all that were hurt

Community is a Marathon -- my newest piece #BostonMarathon

I think my heart just broke over the people who died in Boston today , I pray The Lord keeps his arm around everyone effected #BostonMarathon

Absolutely devastated to find out that one of the people that died today in Boston was a kid . Lord , please bring healing to those affected .

ThanksA sad day for us people of Boston :-LRB-

whats this world coming to . explosion at Boston marathon .

People are so inconsiderate . There 's a special place in hell for those making a joke out of the Boston Marathon bombing . #Sickening

Idk what to wear ?! Blue for Boston or purple for Boston ?!?!? HELPPPP #prayforboston

Boston needs our prayers the most right now .

I think my life troubles are problems . Today , in Boston , reminds me that my life is very blessed . #PrayersForBoston

that 's fake as fuck . . idiots that girl was n't even in boston that was a 5k last may and a made up story at bottom .

Photoset : 10000steps : usatodaysports : Examples of overwhelming kindness following the Boston Marathon

We all got ta stick together , love and prayers to the people of Boston #GodsHands

My citymy sportmy family and friends . My heart is with you Boston !

Ima pray for people in Boston I would hate to live in fear . And I pray for the family that lost someone special

Thanks to for seeing what i saw in the videos and writing what I needed to read about it . #Boston http

Since when did terrorists go to Boston to bomb ish anyway ??? #wewantanswers

Once againWe are all Patriots -- Former Patriot helps injured woman at Boston Marathon

RT S/O to whoever did the bombing in Boston . I truly hope you are inflected with so much pain .

This Boston marathon footage is just terrifying . Prayers go out to the victims . #catchthatSOB

Another Explosion was reported at JFK Presidential Library in Boston and then immediately Extinguish

prayers to everyone effected by that Boston bombing.I just do n't understand

Our thoughts and prayers are going out to those affected by the tragedy in Boston .

Pray for the Boston victims but also the one who had planted the bomb cause he needs help for what he 's done to the many incidence citizens

You live in Boston , do n't you ? How are things there ? Is everything ok with you and your family ? #prayforboston

Thoughts and prayers to all affected by the Boston Marathon bombing . Will this senseless violence never end ?

I do n't see how people can be making jokes about the Boston marathon . Have some respect #SeriouslyTho

4 Critical Things to Remember After the Boston Bombings via |

Photo : Trash can , business heavily damaged following bomb blast in Boston -LRB- AP -RRB- -

Ca n't stop thinking about the people in Boston , watching the news all day in shock . I think I might take a

Watching Terror In Boston on NBC This bombing is still surreal to me . So sad . Just a senseless act .

Cdn . Maritime provinces Boston share a special connection . I grew up going to Boston - very sad tonight .

A day like today makes me await eternity that much more . . this world is filled w / injustice , corruption , deceit - I 've had my fill #boston

Pray for Boston ! May God 's grace and mercy falls upon Boston ! Expecting miracles from God !

God bless the victims in Boston . Sadly , we are reminded the war against terrorism is a marathon we never get to stop

The first people arrested after Boston Bombings should be for incitement to violence .

u know I 'm on chill . But shid u know I want Boston to win anyway but I 'm talking about because of that shit that happen today . !

Today , runners were the like the firefighters of # 911 . Risking their lives for people they did n't know . #Boston #USA .

So sickened over today 's events . Stay strong . You 're beautiful Boston .

there were bombs at the finish line at the Boston marathon and there were a few people killed and a bunch injured .

I went to college in Boston and then stayed there for six more years . I hope your friend Sally 's brother is OK .

Praying for the people suffering after what happened in Boston today . #PrayForBoston

Such a sad day : Boston Marathon Explosions

Runners World magazine has asked that runners wear a race shirt in honor of Boston tmrw . Proudly wear mine #GRMarathon

It 's amazing how many live tweets went out during the events , not only from victims , but also authorities and helping organizations #Boston

Photos show more blood puddles Six wounded in Boston Marathon blasts : reports

Boston to Deploy Mass-Casualty Tablet Device During Marathon -LRB- Posted April 12th -RRB-

This makes me feel sick . #abcmobile Terror in Boston as deadly blasts hit marathon via

Let 's give a moment to pray for those people who are wounded and died at the Boston Marathon Bombing

I just wan na know how a damn RETWEET gone help Boston ?

Interfaith Prayer Vigil for Boston tomorrow at 6 pm at Dar al Islam .

Looking for a Facebook that was showing respect for Boston and found one that was created at 7 am this morning that like 8 hrs b4 it happened

Whoever did the bombing should hang for it in the center of Boston !

Definitely read !! Patton Oswalt 's Powerful Boston Marathon Post Inspires on Facebook via

Live video bomb attack by : #Explosion at #Boston #Marathon - 3 Dead people ! - #America expects more #attacks - WHY ?

hey Jo sounds good and Brett ill find and follow u. Watching Boston info , so awful

On the blog : Former NFL offensive lineman Joe Andruzzi lends a hand -LRB- two , actually -RRB- in Boston

Takes one person to make a fake photo about what happened in boston and everybody is believeing it smh

So thankful that my boy is safe and was n't affected by today 's tragedies in Boston . Once again , #prayforboston

Child among 3 killed in Boston bombings - Apr 15 PM ET

My heart really goes out to those affected by the Boston Explosions . Some people do n't realize how fragile life can be . #lovetoboston

Do n't forget to pray for the people in Boston

Why It Is Obvious That The Boston Marathon Attack Is Islamic Terrorism

Laying in bed , looking at my running medals , thinking about those who did did n't finish Boston today . #prayforboston

So Sorry for Boston -RRB- : xx #PrayForBoston -LRB- : xx

I love the Boston Marathon and will keep watching it

Do you have family in Boston ?

The Boston Marathon Bombing : Keep Calm and Carry On - Atlantic Mobile

tweet 11.9 k goes out to my fantastic boyfriend whom I love so dearly , as well as all the people in and affected by the attack in Boston .

The shit in boston just seem fishy to meI just do n't understand -LRB- Dinka from barbershop voice -RRB-

Its wear purple day tomorrow for the Boston bombing ! #SpreadTheWord #ReTweet

So wait the little boy who was killed is now a little girl that was running for the sandy hook kids in the Boston marathons Anything for RTs

My thoughts prayers go out to everyone who was affected by the tragedy in Boston today . #prayforboston

The Boston massacre is making me sick to my stomach #prayforboston

I send all my love to Boston

Boston marathon attack kills three and injures dozens in double explosion - The Guardian

Jokes about the Boston marathon are simply not funny #learnsomerespect

Sad day again for the USA . Sending love to Boston xx

Seeing needless violence in my Boston stomping grounds is chilling . My thoughts are with friends and family still livi

I do n't see anything about the Boston situation funnySome of y' all need to grow up.Lord have mercy on em .

100 + people injured in a bombing today and people still tweeting about their stupid problems . #shutup #boston

The messages about hotline and web methods of finding Boston runners were timely and well executed . Nice work BAA and Dave McG .

My thought and prayers are with those affected by the bombings in Boston . -LRB- I ca n't believe I said that -RRB-

. So long since a done a tweet but wear purple tomorrow to show support for the people in boston . #prayforboston

My heart goes out to Boston . Praying for the community and our nation . #heavyhearted

trolls have left troubled watters and trolling the highway.Boston is an excuse

Prayers go out the victims affected by the explosion in Boston . Sad to see what the world is coming to #prayforboston

- I feel sick to my stomach for the people of boston , what else is going to happen ? This is the last straw for me Americ

Prayers for all affected by the tragedy that occurred in Boston .

That raw footage from the attack is damn near too intense to watchmuch love to Boston

Fox reporting officials looking into 20 year old Saudi national in Boston bombing . Trusted Traveler Programmee ?

I 'm not a smart man but I know what love is as Forrest Gump would say . I wish those responsible for the bombs in Boston knew what love is !

all good here where I am at in the Boston area townie is your fam ok

To think , these big acts of terror actually come fr small things of hatepain ; through time those unresolved issues have gotten worse #Boston

My prayers are with all the people in Boston tonight , thank god it happened in a city with so many heros .

Boston - Best Buys in SOUTH BOSTON -LRB- Boston - SOUTH BOSTON -RRB- 5bd

No matter where , how , or what the damage is , such incidents remind you that the world is not a safe place today be your last . #Boston

Prayers to those affected by the bombing in Boston today

Runners with Atlanta ties react to Boston Marathon explosions - Atlanta Journal Constitution

What happened in Boston is terrible it breaks my heart #prayforboston

I do n't get this whole Boston thing .

Shocked by the terrible news from the Boston Marathon . BBC News - Boston Marathon rocked by twin explosions

Bombing tragedy in marathon festival in Boston , deep condolence to all of the victim , pray for

Appalled by the news today30 killed in wedding by US bomb , 8 year old and uncounted more in Boston , ca n't help but blastsome #RageAgainst

The best news I got today was hearing that a good friend in Boston was safe . Prayers go out to all of those affected .

America wont stop the race . To the people of #Boston , I extend my condolences to the deceased and my prayers to the injured .

Thoughts to all in Boston and hope that one day these types of evil are behind us

That 's really sad what happen in Boston #prayforboston

Watching these videos on the Boston bombing reminds me that no day is guaranteed . Blessed for what I have #PrayersforBoston

please RT , Boston Police are asking anyone that took photos/videos during today 's #bostonmarathon to call BPD 800-949-TIPS .

Besides the terrible boston news smh , hope everyone had a good day . Cherish every moment ur blessed to have ! #CarpeDiem

I just ca n't believe what happened earlier . The fact that I was in Boston when that happened sends shivers down my spine .

I feel so bad for the Boston victims and their families :-LRB- #prayforBoston

Prayers go to everyone in Boston . Especially the woman who was the bride to be .

Interesting post : Timeline of U.S. bombings : From Boston Marathon to Chicago Haymarket riots

It 's actually kinda of amazing and even beautiful how our country all comes together after incidents like what happened in Boston today

Wow . Such a tragedy in Boston !!!! This makes me going back this summer mean even more !!! Going to hug the hell out of my friends .

Found signs on Newbury Street just blocks away from Copley Square where the bombs detonated #BostonMarathon #Boston

Boston Marathon explosions attract an outpouring of help from city 's residents : Thousands of Boston residents

RT What a horrifying and fascinating day . Sadness about Boston . Our security always changes perspective .

First Responders : Police officers react to 2nd Boston explosion . Man on ground is fine , interviewed on TV tonight .

My heart goes out to the families people effected by the bombing in Boston today . my thoughts prayers are with u guys #PrayForBoston

Please make dua for all those affected by the events in Boston !

We at MCG Textiles have all of those affected by today 's events in Boston in our hearts and prayers .

How long b4 gun grabbers blame #NRA , wanting to take attention from #Newtown , for #Boston terrorism ? #LooneyLeft

Boston is right around the corner from NY , it 's pretty scary

HOLY FUCK THE BOSTON BOMBING WAS PLANNED .

This is the little boy who actually died in Boston today . Poor thing . So young and beautiful . Rest in peace angel . http

Ca n't watch The Voice because of the bombing in Boston . _ .

Our thoughts and prayers go to Boston families affected with such a tragedy ! 3 Prayers 3

Please give blood if you can this week ! Keep the folks in Boston on your radar .

As grateful as I am that my cousin skipped the #Boston Marathon , I 'm sadder that the relief was a consideration . #prayforboston

So let them bomb us in Boston oh then try take our guns away great place we live in

Man , the number of posts about the Boston bombings have exploded !

Prayers and thoughts are with everyone in #Boston today . You do n't deserve this . #GetThePerps #TimeForAHanging

Theres a special place in hell for people who disrespect the lost lives of people from Boston today

DAMN seeing all of the injuries of the explosion in Boston really breaks my heart

Pray for the people in Boston , God be with us !

To all the runners , organisers , spectators and emergency services involved with the Boston Marathon , you are all in our thoughts .

Hard to watch everything unfold in Boston .

Hoping my man in uniform does n't get called away . :-LRB- #Boston #prayforboston #marines #military

Praying for the people in Boston . What is wrong with mankind ? How can someone believe in a cause which aims to hurt innoc

#Asian #shares selloff on US losses , news of Boston explosions . Nikkei leads losses down 1 % Kospi lower 0.9 % #markets

Prayers to the family who lost there 8 year old in the bombing in Boston

Terrorist attacks in Boston ! Crazy , ca n't believe that there is still room for this in the world . When is enough gon na be enough ????

Is my mom really not trynna let me go to the carnival because what happened in boston ? Oh god , I ca n't even .

On with following Piston 's post We will talk about the horrific day in Boston , best bio pics , and more

Doubtful the boston explosions were North Korea related .

Lets not just pray for Boston lets pray for humanity in this world #thisisdiscusting

My heart is breaking for Boston . There are no words . #prayforboston #isaiah40 : 29-31

Deadly bombs strike Boston Marathon . . Please tell me this is not Joe Andruzzi from the Pats ? #patriots #marathon

Our hearts go out to the victims of the senseless violence in Boston today .

praying for the families that have been affected by the demonic malicious bombing at the Boston Marathon # bonafide talk

Keeping the City of Boston , the and all the injured/killed in my thoughts/prayers ! #cowardly #act

I 'm just sick to my stomach from Boston and the northview tweet . Lord help us see the good in life and not get distracted by evil .

Please please know that love conquers ALL . Let 's send our energy of loving Heart Resonance to Boston right NOW !

Found out about the terrible events in #Boston when woke up in Hong Kong during a business trip . Ran this greatest #marathon 3 times . My

Prayers for everyone in Boston , also beware of donations scammers

Boston has n't seen this much excitement since the boston tea party

The news from Boston -- another joytainted by evil . Why do people do this to each other ? We 're all we have .

My cousin sarah jones was there in boston at the finishing line at 2 pm . Luckily she had to go #feelforboston

May i know ? What happen with boston ?

The fact people are jumping to assume that Muslims are to blame for the bombings in Boston , let 's see how you like it when I say :

Sad things in Boston . Why things like this keep happening ? What 's wrong with people ?!? I wish all the best for victims and their families !

We can catch the perpetrators of the bomb , but how will we defeat the murderous spirit of those like them who hate us ? #

My heart goes out to Boston.It was heartbreaking to hear about.Prayers go out to everyone there who are hurt suffering . 3 #prayforboston

Our hearts go out to the spectators and participants of the Boston Marathon . So much courage followed the

news conferences from two Boston hospitals saying no ball bearings . Street shrapnel only .

Any timeany one suffers . . it 's ` humanity ' that takes the hit . Prayers for all those suffering :'-LRB- #BostonMarathon #Boston

You 're the best , Harry . Thanks for sharing the love and thoughts to those in Boston . 3 #prayforboston

Praying for those affected by the Boston Marathon bombings !!

So rattled by today 's Boston bombings . Why is our world so messed up ? #PrayforBoston

Talked to our xc coach this pm . Said she had just crossed finish in Boston when 1st bomb went off . She is ok . God was looking after her .

This is a really sad day for the United States and for the people of Boston and the whole of Massachusetts . #prayforboston

Spoke to two people at the grocery store who had no idea anything happened in Boston .

I just have to say this . The Brother so conscious he did n't even pay attention to that Illusions in Boston and Won his Race LMAO

Boston you welcomed my immigrant Grandparents.They rest within your soil.I love exploring your beautiful streets U welcome

My heart goes out to those injured / killed via the Boston terrorism act Prayers ascend . People , let 's have peace . .

DTN USA : Timeline : Tragedy at the Boston Marathon : Two deadly bomb blasts , seconds apart , turned the 117th Bos

I went to Boston in 8th grade . Just realized I am wearing the sweatshirt I got from their as well . #PrayForBoston

Boston blasts prompt UK review of London Marathon : source :

I cant even watch this stuff about the Boston Marathon . It gets under my skin . #SoSad

I ca n't watch this anymore . Prays go out to #Boston

Law enforcement in Boston have a # of active leads , and some good early progress in the forensics analysis !!!

Our thoughts go out to Boston marathoners , spectators and emerg services personnel . So tragic ! Hopeing for speedy answ

Rest in paradise to the little 8 year old girl that died today in the Boston bombin . #Prayers

Do n't worry . you are not the only one . I 've many friends in Boston . I 'm worried sick ` bout 'em and I hope they 're okay .

do n't know one person from Boston who is n't proud to be #KeepBostonRunning

this Boston thing is crazy , really shows how fucked up society is .

In the wake of devastating explosions at the Boston Marathon , the NBA canceled Tuesday 's game between the Boston

Boston Marathon Bombing : Evidence of False Flag , Sandy Hook Connection : via Military movin/SH/Boston

My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Boston . Seriously , contributing to the goodness of mankind should be an every day goal .

Boston blasts show two sides of social media , reports #twitter #facebook #bostonma

I am a Muslim . I am shocked and saddened by the Boston bombings .

I liked a video from Hitler is Informed About the Explosion in the Boston Marathon

My thoughts are with those in Boston . Take care of yourselves and each other .

Just saw the real time video of the explosions in Boston shit just pisses me the fuck off Makes me sick

I heard about the Boston Marathon bombing . So sad man , i 'm in tears .

social media and the Boston Marathon bombing a few observations : #smem #crisiscomms

Why would you even do that ? Prayers and thoughts out to those injured or killed in the Boston Marathon .

im glad you did ! im from the boston area and i appreciate it . . youre hot :-RRB-

Prayers for those who were injured today in Boston :-LRB- #tragedies

OMG ! Boston , my heart prayers go out to those that hurt and lost ! We all just need to stay in prayer !

Wear blue and yellow tomorrow for Boston . #blueandyellow #bostonmarathon #prayersforboston

All these pictures from boston are making me sick to my stomach . . :'-LRB-

I do n't want to see what happened in Boston today politicized . Now is not the time for that

I swear , the US does everything to hide things from us , while all of this boston tragedy was going on , this happened

Our hearts are with all of those affected by the tragic events in Boston today #PrayForBoston

Photo of the year from the Boston Globe . first responders .

Hearts and prayers go out to the victims affected by the Boston Marathon tragedy . The city of Boston and the United States will prevail .

Dancing with the Stars : Who Earned the First 10s of the Season ? : The show acknowledges the tragedy in Boston but moves ahead with the

Fuck whoever the fuck bombed the Boston marathon . Fucking assholes need to get beat to death .

Boston area taxpayers will get an extension on filing . #irs #bostonmarathon

My heart breaks for those affected by the horrible acts of violence in Boston . I pray for God 's arms to comfort

` Pandemonium ' : Witness accounts of the Boston Marathon bombing - U.S. News via

So sorry to see what happened in Boston today . My thoughts and prayers with everyone who was affected .

Boy aged 8 among AT LEAST 3 dead in Boston bombings that have left another 141 . . #tcot #p2 / / I 'm just so mad . .

I was NEVER one of u who said eff Boston . . Boston 's wacc ! Soon as we go through heartache hmm hummm welcome bacc !!

Let 's Pray For Boston ! 1 Like = 1 Pray1 Share = 10 PrayAdminbryan ^ ^ ,

I keep thinking about how dramatically things can change in an instant . Boston , and the Columbine and Murrah bombing anniversaries so close .

Out thoughts and prayers are with everyone in Boston 3

Your Demise break up and Boston gets bombed , why are people comparing which ones worse ? Wtf

Prayers to Boston !!! God please be with all the families .

Ron Walls on CNN : 31 victims so far , 2 of them very critical and 9 require operation . #BostonMarathon #boston

CTV spoke with several Ottawa residents in Boston . They are n't injured , but are shaken by today 's horrific events . More at 11:30

Times Record editorial : Terror in Boston -LRB- April 16 , 2013 -RRB-

This is probably the worst day in history . Not only the Boston bombing , but everything here too . Goodnight cruel world . See you tomorrow .

Seriously what the fuck is wrong with people . What happened today in boston is just wrong . My prays go out to the vic

31 killed + 200 injured in Iraq , 25 killed in air strike in Syria and 3 dead + at least 134 injured in Boston #TheFu

Pray for my friends mom ! She was one of the volunteers for the race in Boston #PrayForBoston

I pray for all the people that were injured and effected by the cowards in Boston today .

That last Boston retweet was just horrible . I hate stories like that .

Sickening news coming out of Boston . Thoughts and best wishes go out to all the people families effected ! #Bost

Absoloutely heartbreaking news coming from Boston . Thoughts prayers are with the victims #prayforboston

the people of Boston are historically resilient . They will grieve together and then they will rise together , too .

moment of silence for the victims of the boston marathon bombing . there are some sick people in this world #prayforboston

Former New England Patriot carries woman to safety after Boston Marathon explosion

Three dead , over 100 hurt in Boston Marathon blasts : BOSTON -LRB- Massachusetts -RRB- : Two explosions str

Some good advice if you 're still trying to reach someone who attended the Boston Marathon :

Everyone wear red tomorrow for the ones who died in Boston . #repost #Boston #died

Lord please hug Boston with peace .

I hope they catch the cowardly bastard that attacked the Boston Marathon today . My heart goes out to the victims and their families !

horrible what happened in Boston but still more terrible events in Palestine !!!!

I have been praying since I found out ! #prayforboston My prayers go to Boston tonight !

Boston and Morphicon - -LRB- GS -RRB- -LRB- FA -RRB- -LRB- DA -RRB- -LRB- WYL -RRB-

The scariest church in America , Westboro baptist , is at it again . Now they 're protesting the funerals of the Boston victims .

Dear violent criminals of Boston : How about you take the night off and give everyone a break . Do it for your city .

our deepest condolence to every victims in Boston Bombing accident . #BostonMarathon #prayforBoston

If the Westboro Baptist Church actually shows up in Boston they 're going to be butchered

Woke up -LRB- late -RRB- to a disturbing news about the Boston Marathon . #prayforboston

Praying for the people in Boston and hoping that everyone 's families and friends are safe

Something just aint right about this Boston Bombing .

let 's keep the prayers going for Boston

In the wake of the Boston marathon tragedy , turn off the tv , hug your family , read Psalm 94 look to Jesus peace and the sword .

The Bomb at Boston does n't add up to me . .

This happens everyday in Iraq , what makes this Boston bombing more important than all the Iraq bombings .

Hope all in Boston are alright.Terrible scenes . We in Singapore are with you .

Phoenix Coyotes defenseman Boston native Keith Yandle 's skates tonight , via #PrayForBoston

#prayforboston terrible it is bombs guns are horrible people go to far hope whoevers done this gets found and gets what he desevres !

I 'm condemning both the heat and the Boston Marathon bombing . Both are manmade and cruel .

pray for the human race , not just boston

I would wear a purple shirt for boston tomorrow but I have a uniform . .

Wow . This whole Boston thing is breaking my heart . Why are some people so heartless

Did you see/hear the Boston explosions ? Speak to us at France 24 . Please tweet me .

Watching NBC right now . There was a group of people who were running in Boston today the 26 miles for the 26 victims from Newton .

Brooklyn Loves Boston -- beautifully projected on the wall of Brooklyn Academy of Music : from

Prayers for the people of Boston and Prayers for Saeed Abedini as well !

Just heard about what happened in boston ! All I can do , is just pray now

Trying to get together a benefit event for the victims today in Boston . Pray I can get this all worked out for this week

Its so sad to think the world is so messed up that they would bomb inoccent people my heart goes out to Boston . #prayforboston

This is all that really needs to be said R Mr wrote something very thoughtful about Boston . h

So sad for the people of Boston . God will redeem even in this . Thankful this is not where I belong , I am not home yet . #prayingforboston

Join me n praying 4 Boston after 2 explosions at the Boston marathon ! Lord limit the damage 2 life ; send your Power & am

I really hope they find whose responsible for the bombing in Boston

What happened in Boston was sickening . Rest In Peace to all the innocent lives taken .

Prayers towards Boston tonight . What a crazy world . I 've trained for races like that . An attack would be the last thing on my mind #sad

Sean Hannity Set A Boston Marathon Disaster Montage To Dr. Who Music

Terrorists attacked the U.S. city of #Boston . VIDEO : #US #USA #terror

I 'm wearing purple tomorrow in honor of the Boston people .

Hotels evacuated after Boston Marathon bomb blastTuesday , 16 April 2013 Two bombs exploded in Boston , United

Fuck that shit scary af what happened in Boston

The fact that the Boston Marathon was in memory of the Sandy Hook victims and someone had the nerve to bomb it is so sickening .

I am fiercely hoping your friends in Boston are safe .

Thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected by the Boston marathon incident . Unbelievable . #prayforboston

My dads friend finished the Boston Marathon 15 min before the bombs went off !

What if one of them was your relative ? Prayers for the #fams in the Boston tragedy

All the people that blame zayn of the bombing from Boston just shut up people u guys do n't know nothing he is amazing

Ever since they say about that stuff about Boston I Caint sleep and I git scared of everything - . -

8-Year-Old Boy One Of 3 Killed In Boston Marathon Bombings , Person Of Interest Being Questioned

It 's a dream of mine to run the Boston marathon . What happened was terrible ; my thoughts are with everyone affected . #PrayersForBoston

sad what happened to boston , those involved and guilty should be - bostoned to death God help d victims and will get d perpetrators

Beautiful West Coast sunset . Honoring those affected in Boston .

Wear purple for boston tomorrow . Retweet to spread the word . #prayforboston

The pursuit of liberty is a marathon : Nothing will be quite the same in Boston or in America after #tcot #tgdn

Sharing a friend 's post : Whenever a tragedy happens , especially something like what happened at the Boston

Tune in tonight at 10 for the latest details in the Terror at the Boston Marathon and two Region 8 runners who saw the

At least 144 injured and 17 in critical condition in Boston Marathon explosions

What happened to Boston ? I heard there was a bomb or two

Cowboy Team Roping , Praying for Boston

All these people saying pray for Boston when you do n't even go to church or have a relationship with God.stop , just stop

Washington : Update : At least 3 people killed in over 100 injured BostonMarathon explosions , Boston police commissioner says .

Goodnight y' all ! Hope everyone keeps the people of Boston in their thoughts and prayers xx

Not to trivialize the bombing in Boston , but this shit is an everyday occurrence in some places . Things could be way worse #keepthatinmind

Woman on CNN a short while ago was saying security was tight at Boston Marathon . I always thought marathon security was crap .

My mom just told me that a teacher from Gilmore was supposed to be running in the Boston marathon today #prayingforher

. on NBC talking about how OKC bombing lead to a stronger city -- an example to the people of Boston . #proudofOKC #PrayforBoston

Our thoughts and prayers are going out to all the people in Boston , Massachusetts , especially friends , families

Today is a reminder to me and my wife that we should make each day together with our kids count . Thoughts and prayers to all in Boston .

An 8 year old girl died today from the bombing in Boston i 'm praying for her family and friends .

Oh no . An 8-year old boy was one of the Boston blasts casualties . ='-LRB-

Nobody needs to be extremely religious to care about the Boston incident In fact i think its sad how 3 are dead and all i

I 'm new to blogging but here are my thoughts on the #Boston #Marathon incident : #peace #Jesus #Kingdom #God

No matter where I go and how far away I am , Boston will always be home . #staystrong #praying #greatestcity

I 'm actually sick to my stomach over this Boston thing . #prayingforboston

The volunteers at the Boston Marathon gave medals to the survivors as they helped them . I know there is evil , but ther

Our hearts are heavy for Boston tonight .

I sleep at night because god lets me I wake up for the same reason . I can not explain the brutality of what happened in Boston . #muchlove

The Boston Marathon 's one of the greatest things in the sport of running , and for it to be ruined by a terrorist at

To who ever set off bombs on the people in Boston . . Kiss my Texan Country Ass !!!! #protectedbythegoodLord #protectedbymyguns

Boston Marathon Blasts : 85 runners from greater China , 2 Taiwanese missing

Just realized that when I drove car in Boston , it was just one block away from where the explosions are . #wow

Stay strong , Boston . United we stand . #prayforboston

Thoughts and prayers go out to my family and big sister Erin out in Boston #prayforboston

Reasons I love Craig Ferguson : celeb reactions to Boston tragedy .

Heart goes out to Boston . When we find the person -LRB- s -RRB- , put him/her to justice as a nation we must pay attention to the victims .

We are praying for all of those impacted by the incident in Boston today .

every little picture or comment makes me teary-eyed imagine if u or a loved one was in the marathon . . #prayforboston #sosorryboston :-LRB-

From Newtown to Boston to Wars to homeless to everything else we really just live in a broken and hurting world and it 's just sad to see .

Pretty awesome , A message from NY to Boston projected on BAM

Thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and families affected by the cowardly act in Boston today . May vengeance

Before you go to sleep tonight , please keep the victims and families of the Boston Marathon tragedy in your thoughts . #PrayForBoston

My story on Les Potapczyk , a well-known Niagara Falls man who was working security in Boston Monday between 2 blasts

I know what Archers lecture is going to be about tomorrow !!!!! #boston

SIGNAL BOOST THIS ! - thegirlwhocriedfoxface : mcgonnevilles : Boston is shutting down cell service in the city

My heart n prayers I give to those in Boston . . what a tragety .

This Boston bomb thing is getting to me like how 9/11 did this world is sooooo sick

My family 's thoughts and prayers go out to those who were affected by today 's tragedy in Boston .

give them timeRemember today , tax day , and boston

i think some of these Boston marathon stories are fake

` All Filipino runners in Boston Marathon safe '

Fucked up what happened in Boston today . Let 's all say a prayer for them tonight

God bless Boston and everyone else in this world ! #Amen

This video about the Boston marathon on the news right now is too scary for me to even watch

what 's almost as sickening as tragedies such as the bombing in boston ? the manipulation of the actual event that took

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected by today 's tragic events in Boston .

What is happening to us as human beings.Terrorising Boston is a strike at the very heart of America

This whole Boston thing is really sad , like who the fuck would think to do this ? We live in one messed up world

April 15th : Abe Lincoln Murdered April 15th : Titanic sunk April 15th : Hillsborough Disaster April 15th : Boston Explosion #PrayForBoston

Thoughts and prayers are with all those affected by the terrible events in Boston today --

Boston Marathon Blasts : Authorities Questioning Saudi National , Denies Involvement #Anonymous #

Extraordinary tragedy in Boston . Hard to imagine the thinking and twisted thought of the perpetrators . Is anyone safe ?

My prays go out to all the families in Boston today !

Obviously there was major news coming out of Boston today . I 'll do a Boston set , but it 's still the day when taxes are due .

Let 's be honest , The #Habs knew the city of Boston needed a pick me up and have it to them .

Just as a reminder : About 8X as many people were murdered in Newtown as were were murdered in #Boston . Let 's not for

StarsSoft Boston Marathon blasts : 3 dead , over 100 hurt as White House calls it an ` act of - Hindustan Tim

As someone here , who was really close to the finish when this happened , I must say all Boston is devastated . But . Som

Out of the ashes of the explosions in Boston we 're seeing humanity and kindness rise . #BostonPride

Thru almost 400 years old and a revolution that birthed America , Boston has survived and thrived . Thoughts are with that great American city

My heart is shattered with the devastating situation of Boston Lord i pray for protection and comfort to the people affected by this .

Did the WaPo 's Jennifer Rubin Use the Boston Explosions to Make a Point About Abortion ? -

Our thoughts are with all of Boston and the running community around the United States . We know many people

Our thoughts and prayers are with all the runners affected by the explosions at Boston Marathon . We run for good

Prays go out to family , friends , and loved ones that are affected from the incident in Boston !

I still ca n't believe what has happened in Boston . . it brings me to tears at the fact that their are people who have no conscious .

My heart n prayers go out to my home city of Boston . IT seems mans willingness to slaughter his fellow beings wont stop

Good stuff from Boston boy : Keith Yandle Cool picture of Keith 's skates

I wish I could help rebuild Boston with my heart :--RRB-

Pathetic how many people believed how the 8 year old girl was the one who died just because you saw a picture and a pray for Boston hashtag

Woah RT : BREAKING : Federal , State and #Boston Police searching a #Revere apartment building #bostonmarathon

Apparently the last mile of the Boston Marathon was dedicated to the Newton -LRB- Sandy Hook -RRB- families

My heart and my prayers go to the people of Boston . So horrible that happened . Stay strong . #Bostonmarathon

Prayers to all of Boston , there is no color or party lines in this tragedy . We must stand together and find the creatures responsible

The Boston Marathon is getting restarted by courageous runners this Sunday . Same start , same time . #BostonRedux #PrayForBoston

Omg people are still talking about 51 exes.how about the bombing in Boston !!!!!!!!!!!!! Smh

Reading these stories about the ones who lost their lives today in Boston is absolutely heartbreaking . People are so sic

please senator , dont let the congress use the Boston incident as an excuse to delay the immigration reform , we deserve respect

Our deepest thoughts and prayers go out to all of those affected by the tragic events in Boston today

Best of wishes to everyone in Boston . Hope things get better .

Sadden by the devastation that occurred in Boston today The world we live in today makes me so sad . #sendinglovetoboston #weloveyou

let us pray for those who hurt in boston 's booming

hearing about the tragedy in Boston breaks my heart . #prayersforboston

AUDIO INTERVIEW : Graduate Witnesses Boston Marathon Bombings :

Breaking News : #Camden Blast injuries like those in Boston difficult to treat

Glad my family and friends in Boston are ok , but my thoughts are with those who were not as fortunate . #BostonMarathon #senseless

Heard too much bad news today . First a lost loved one and then the Boston tragedy . Thankful that I was home today to heal .

Its sad to hear about Boston #prayforboston

So glad jerm got to Boston safe after everything today !!

Deep condolences for the victim of the Boston and Iraq bombing today . Let 's pray !

Update - My friend is OK . He finished the race before the bombs went off . Thank you for your prayers . #prayforboston 3

A former NFL player saved a victim from the explosions of this afternoon 's Boston Marathon .

My heart goes out to my hometown of Boston after the horrible tragedy that occurred there today . #thoughtsandprayers

That Boston sht really crazy doee : -LRB- #prayersforboston

I am just so saddened by such an evil act today in Boston . . There are no words to describe this grief . .

The Boston Globe and the Hartford Courant were the only 2013 Pulitzer Prize finalists from New England :

-LRB- Free Talk Live -RRB- Bomb Goes off in Boston - What will government crackdown upon as a resul -LRB- not an endorsement -RRB-

Shockingly disturbing scenes on tonight 's news Boston in turmoil the poor innocent people injured by absolute fruit cakes

What kind of sick minded people bomb the Boston marathon . . #prayforboston

Well said . That time said what we 're all thinking about Boston . -LRB- via

If you make jokes about the bombing in Boston , in my eyes you are a heartless asshole . #SorryNotSorry

Lake Stevens runner knocked down by Boston Marathon blast #seattle

Out thoughts are with all the people of Boston and their families .

Anyways , prayers to the families of the Boston tragedy today . #keepfaith

Prayers and Resolve to the Great City of Boston .

#BREAKING : Federal , State and #Boston Police searching a Revere apartment building

Our thoughts and prayers for all those who were affected by the tragic events in Boston earlier today .

Sending thoughts , love and prayers to Boston .3 #prayforboston

My heart goes out to all the family and loved ones of those affected by the bombings today ! #PrayForBoston

aurora , sandy hook , and boston all within the same year . what is wrong with our society . #PrayForBetterDays

Oh no !! :--LRB- :--LRB- My heart goes out to Boston Marathon victims sad sad sad day ... .

RIP to those who lost their lives in Botson today . Keeping the city of Boston and all those injured in my prayers

The real Boston Marathon account is Fake Twitter accounts :

Time to think about what you are thankful for pray for Boston . My heart goes out to all of you hurt . #Boston

I thank God for keeping my family members in Boston safe

That montage you just ran on the Boston report was a symbol for everything wrong with today 's media . Gratuitous in every sense .

No more bodies strewn across any street . Take care of everyone . God bless . I ran Boston in 2009 . Can not believe the senseless act

I just woke up and saw some terrible news . . Smth happened in boston and Hyeri -LRB- Girls Day -RRB- dating Tony An ????!!!! wtf

My prayers go out to the people n Boston

Boston , I love you and June 28th ca n't come soon enough ! Praying

I 'm saddened with the events that occurred in Boston today . My thoughts are with everyone affected by it .

Have any of you guys heard what happened in Boston?It hase n't happened since 9/11 -LRB- hint -RRB-

Left for the game with the world being alright , came home to the Boston news . It 's pretty sad how fast things can happen . #PrayForBoston

good morning everyone . our thoughts and prayers to the victims of the explosion in the boston marathon .

#bostonmarathon I was on lunch when I saw the news . Broke down in tears and started texting and face booking family and friends in Boston .

I know I 'm late but what happen in Boston ? : /

The latest on the Boston Marathon explosions now on Hear from Minnesotans who were there when tragedy struck .

#running is #freedom - whoever caused the tradgedy in #Boston - you will never take away our #Freedom !!!

Tragic : Boston Marathon Blasts Kill 3

Seriously now that this Boston incident happened , it makes me not wan na do shit and just stay in my house 24/7 ! Shit is n't regular outcheya .

Thoughts are with Boston friends and colleagues all those affected by today 's tragedy . Prayers love from the

Boston Marathon bombings on the day i arrive in NYC . My condolences and prayers goes out to the victims .

Boston Marathon finishers from Virginia : 1485 , Michael J. Davi , Richmond 7967 , Barry M Young , Ruckersville

Boston Bengazi / / #benghazi was Reagan 's old buddy , in US hospital now . Boston too ?

Such cowardly and senseless act in Boston May the God help in this time

Seriously praying for Boston . These attacks are getting ridiculous .

My thoughts are w / the people of #Boston . A glimmer of good news has enough blood 4 now . Runners ran from the race 2 donate

My prayers go out to the victims and families of the Boston marathon bombings . Truly a sad day

From Bali Accident , to Boston Accident #Prayforthisworld :-RRB-

Please Pray for the Victims and their families of the Tragic Event that happened at the Boston Marathon Today

If you post a picture about Boston on Instagram just to gain likes I 'm seriously judging you

Deepest condolences for #Boston and #BostonMarathon and all the loved onesMy heart , my prayers , my thoughts #AMomentOfSilence

Seeing all these pictures from the Boston Marathon bombing is ridiculous . I wake up every morning and not knowing what to expect .

Those bombings were an act of terrorism ? #wow #prayforboston

Praying for Boston . God bless them .

One beautiful girl entering heaven today . I hope whoever caused the Boston Explosion knows the pain they 've caused . h

The ppl who blew up Boston need to get a fuckin life . Thy killed 3 ppl includin an 8 yr old kid . Hope yah fucking proud u low life cunts !!!

Witness Speaks on Boston Marathon Explosion

Some of my best friends in NYC are from Boston . They have enriched my life beyond words . My heart hurts for you , and all involved tonight .

Normally I post in the morning . But I felt like I could n't wait tonight : Boston is in my blood and i

I 've been following what 's been said by and what others are saying about him now . Truly disturbing on both sides . #boston

explosions at the boston marathon -LRB- street level -RRB- .

Watching this coverage on Boston sickens me .

What 's up with April and tragedies ? Branch Davidian , Oklahoma City bombing . Columbine massacre , Virginia Tech , Boston Marathon Bombing .

Today I simply say to #LoveBoston in my heart , Boston is my home , Boston will stay strong . #LOVE

so i saw what happened up at Boston , and it was heartbreaking and sad . So many people were injured and some even died . #prayforboston

My coach ran in the Boston Marathon . . fortunatly she came out okay . God Bless .

We are all shocked by the events in Boston today . We hold everyone in our prayers .

They actin like boston is 9/11 3 people died .

Photo from Harker Heights ' own Brigette Sparks , who was at the Boston Marathon on Monday during the bombings . A

Sending prayers to the world #Boston #BostonMararthon victims familes God Bless responders #Revenge is 4 T

Boston Marathon Blasts Kill 3 Here is NY Time 's extra

Via Boston bombing , late-night thread : FBI takes over investigation as Boston #twisters #teaparty

Former FBI agent : Boston bombing suspect might not get Miranda warning

Im so sad about the Boston bombingwhy do people do the things they do ?! No regard for others lives

i 'm thinking of u all day long . i knew that you 're from Boston . how r u monster ?

My prayers go out to all affected by today 's tragedy in Boston .

Pinoy runner : Second Boston Marathon explosion caused ` greater panic ' than first

If you make jokes about this whole bombing in Boston , you 're a douchebag and I hope you go to hell .

In tomorrow 's Enterprise : Lake Placid residents running Boston Marathon describe bomb blasts , ensuing chaos

watchn tha news about tha bombing in Boston .

The Boston marathon was in honor of the Sandy Hook shooting . Shows just how sick this world can be . #prayforboston

Our hearts and well wishes go out to all those affected by today 's tragic events in our beloved Boston . This is a

That shit in Boston is so fucked up

Prayers go out to the ppl in Boston get well

From NYC to #Boston with all my heart #BostonMarathon

May loving memories bring the people of #boston comfort , strength and peace in the days ahead . #BostonMarathon #cometogether

April 15 : Titanic Sunk . April 15 : Hillsborough Disaster . April 15 : Lincons assassination . April 15 : Boston Bom

I just want to hug everyone who was affected by the bombing in Boston .

Is New England in the USA ???? I 'm so confused . Where is Boston at ? #GeoIsNotMyThing

God bless Boston , USA . Wishing quick recovery to the victims of the 2 explosions . And to the bereaved , God 's grace and comfort .

It was honestly a tragedy what happened in Boston , but do n't upload fake pictures about it to make it seem worse .

My thoughts are definitely with Boston during this dire time . Friends , stay safe !

Was busy earlier but goes w/out saying Im shocked and horrified by the bombing in Boston . Thoughts prayers to victims . Just unbelievable .

I just do n't understand . Why would someone ever want to bomb the Boston marathon and JFK library ? It 's disgusting . #iloveyouboston

if boston is a terrorist act , how is sandy hook not a terrorist act ?

Do n't ever be embarrassed to tell someone you love them . Life is too short and can be taken away in an instant . Praying for Boston

What people do n't understand and are making jokes about Boston , is that it could 've been YOU . you would n't want people joking if was right ?

Someone said that Boston should hold another marathon tomorrow . Honestly , that would be amazing .

My heart goes out to #Boston . No-one should have to deal with what has happened today .

Freaks , paranoid frauds and #falseflag - how the conspiracy nuts are already exploiting #Boston bombing . .

The bombings in Boston were terrible but I really wish I did n't have to see it constantly all over everything ya know i

Everybody wear purple tomorrow for the support of Boston !! Please RT

Watching on right now - re-telling his Boston Marathon experience today

What 's wrong with the world god bless boston

Pray for the grieving and suffering in Boston . Pray that our leaders will respond with godly wisdom . Pray that htt

Ex-GBI agent suspects Boston bombing is domestic terrorism #news

To all affected by the horrible attack at Boston today , you have a both the nation and me praying for you . You are not alone #prayforBoston

Yeah , I hear you . The story includes voice from within Edmonton and Boston , though , so it still works . -LRB- I did n't actually write it -RRB-

This boston incedent does remind of Batman 3

When bad thing hpnd to a city that u used to live at w / memory of calm surroundings friendly friends , it just felt awful to watch . #Boston

why the fuck is my sister laughing at the old man falling during the bomb of boston ? she 's stupid af i cant stand her .

Werent you gon na come to Newtown too ? Where were you ? I dare you to come to Boston

Hearts and prayers to the city of Boston though

What disgusts me the most about the Boston bombings was that whoever did this attacked innocent people . . #gobruins #sicktomystomach

The selfish , deceitful side of human nature is present once again . Bombs in Boston and Iraq . Unnecessary evil .

The fact that my mom runs marathons and that could have been her in Boston . #soscary #begrateful #prayforboston

An 8 year old girl who was running in the Boston Marathon was killed today in the bombing . There are some shitty peop

So sad what happened at the marathon my prayers are with everyone effected . keep your head held high ! 3 #prayforboston

Thank you This is so beautiful and right on point . #Boston

thanks for the love Boston loves you

My thoughts and prayers got out to Boston :-LRB- why do people do these things ??? #PrayForBoston #prayersforBoston

Been keeping up with this whole Boston story smh every since that video I do n't believe nothing is real

R.I.P. to the 8 year-old boy and the little girl who he died in Boston 's explosions #prayforboston :'-LRB- #FromEcuador xx

STAYED PRAYED UP.BE ALERTBE SAFE ! KEEP THE GREAT CITY OF BOSTON IN YOUR PRAYERS !

Prayers Going Out For Boston . . Oh How We Need You Lord . .

I feel like I 'm in a bad dream , waiting to wake up and realize it was all just a nightmarebut it 's notit 's real . #SandyHook #Boston

this was the last tweet in my feed before it was over take by Boston news tweets and bad jokes .

Wish all of the Victim from the Boston 's Bomb Rest in Peace and get the best place beside god . #prayforboston

Major US cities on alert after multiple bomb blasts in Boston claim 3 lives

Thoughts and prayers go out to all involved in Boston tragedy and for America . #InGodWeTrust

I called Kyle and cried to him about the bombing in Boston .

No matter who or what you believe in please pray.Pray for those in Boston . Say a prayer for peace tonight . One prayer can go a long way .

Our thoughts go out to those who were affected by the Boston explosion #prayforboston

First news about the Boston Marathon , then news about Keenan ? What else could go wrong ? Anymore bad news anybody would like to share ?

Prayers go out ta Boston fa rep ah mean let the ppm run in peace

Instead of just praying for people that were lost at the Boston marathon . How about as a country we work on not being fat and run for them .

Hopefully when I wake up all of this Boston marathon stuff well just be a nightmare

What happened in Boston is so heart breaking 3

BREAKING : 3 Dead , including 8-year-old boy ; 144 + injured . in Boston reports #OutFront

Much prayers and love going up to those involved in the Boston bombing . #godbless #bostonmarathon

Our hearts are heavy tonightwe send much love and healing to the victims of the Boston Marathon bombings to their friends and families .

Tonight , we all have Boston 's back . #WeAreBoston

Explosions during Boston Marathon leave at least 100 injured , three dead -LRB- updating -RRB- via

I bet you half the people talkin about Boston just doin it for some attention . Marines die everyday . I do n't see any

How is all my fams in Boston Marathon doing !

The people responsible for the explosions should have to run the marathon as many times as the number of people they hurt . #prayforboston

Like NEW Nikon D-100 w/lens , filter , cover , batteries -LRB- Newton -RRB- $ 310 #boston #photo #ads

Man . That was my dentist . Dr. Bargainer Makers , who was running the race in Boston and just interviewed on WSFA .

So sad to hear about everything in Boston ! :-LRB-

NBA players react , express concern after marathon tragedy in Boston | ProBasketballTalk #NBA #Sports #Hypeit

It makes me sick seeing people take the Boston Marathon #prayforboston and the people who died as an advantage to get retweets sick bastards

Wear purple , wear red , wear a polka dot shirt , wear stripes for Boston What ? Shit is sad as hell but come on people .

Prayers for Boston victims go out .

My deepest condolences to the victims of the Boston Marathon explosions . May God bless the families left behind and give them comfort . RIP

My heart is with people that died and are hurt from the boston explosion today .

It 's really awful . We all express our condolences to Boston .

FBI : ` Potential terrorist investigation ' in Boston via

my heart hurts for all the sweet people injured in Boston today , and all I can do is pray and pray and pray and pray and

3 Dead , Over 100 Injured After Explosions Near Boston Marathon Finish Line

I am so glad that I did not go to boston today

Fear is what these coward , heartless terrorist want . American People have to be better than that . Be strong #Boston #pray

The year a lady from our church goes to Boston for the race , this happens . #GladShesOkay #PrayerForBoston

it is sports news . It happened at the Boston marathon .

Today proved that the real heroes in the world do n't wear capes . #Boston

Appreciation respect 2 #FirstResponders in #Boston who rushed 2 danger 2 save lives , treat wounded , comfort mourning , protect innocent .

If you cripin , idgaf wear red for Boston

Idk about you but ik I 'll never travel to Boston to see the Boston marathon ever . I 've never seen is and I never will .

Fox Contributor Erik Rush Tweets ` Let 's Kill Them All ' After Accusing Muslims of Boston Attack - Ame

Bang boston ancur tuh . What do you think ?? :D

baseball was a great distraction after 9/11 and it will be again . Keep playing hard for all those in Boston .

SoN Korea was supposed to bomb us today and coincidentally a couple bombs go off during a Boston marathon with 20

Our thoughts are with those affected by today 's tragedy in Boston . Special thanks to the first responders . Let

RT What happened in Boston happens everyday in my city killing a dozen . That too by CIA paid terrorists . #Pakistan

Prayers for those who were affected by the Boston explosions #Boston #pray #respect

#prayforboston the US should n't do anymore drone bombings . Same same same .

Numerous runners in Boston were running for the Sandy Hook victims yet today there are more wounds and heartbreak . #Peopl

My heart goes out to Boston , a beautiful town filled with wonderful people . We lived on the Cape for four years I co

#Boston a giant hug my friends and classmates . very strong !!

Sum up of the week : justin bieber wrote in anne franks journal , two boys kill a homeless man as a dare , bombing in boston during a marathon

Although its fuck the Boston redsox My prayers go out to the two lost ones taken on this day on that tragedy blessings to the loved ones

Runners r uniting tmrw by wearing running shirts or Boston blue/yellow . Think I can get away with it at work ? #RunChat

she made fun of the bombing in Boston got dragged .

My thoughts to the people of Boston , and all those affected . I simply can not fathom why these violent acts keep hap

Heavy heart for Boston and the local boy , Wesley , tonight #prayersgoingup

My heart breaks with the families who lost loved ones in Boston today . My prayers are with the severely injured and eve

Shooting at a bowling alley in Lexington , and a bombing in Boston Can we just live in peace ?

May the dead rest in peace Prayers for all #Boston #marathon #explosion

My heart is with my second home tonight and with all the Boston journalists who covered a joyous day turned tragic . #prayforboston

This Boston shyt was a set up low key

Was doing ok during , helping a friend in LA find a friend in Boston . Not so good now . This helps . Thanks .

My cousin ran in the Boston Marathon and finally heard he is okay ! He crossed the finish line at 2:41 and the bomb went off at 2:58 . #whew

RT It 's April 15 . See all those police , firefighters , EMTs helping people in Boston ? This is why we pay tax

Everyone is Boston is so nice haha . And they 're all so sad about today , I feel terrible

Atleast 10 Filipino runners in that marathon ?! OMFG #PrayForBoston

Pray for Boston ? How bout pray for everybody ? Y' all got ta wait till niggas get bombed to get religious and love eac

The footage from Boston breaks my heart . I pray for comfort for the families of the deceased and healing for the injured . #PrayForBoston

Hope Boston PD catches the asshole first .

While my full sympathies for those that 're injured those that were killed at Boston , the point is we in India have s

Sending out our prayers for all of those affected by the terrible bombings in Boston

Does anyone know if the Professor from Southern that was running in Boston is okay ? #fb

Somewhere out there is a man who is proud of what he has done to not only the city of Boston , but to every one of us around the country .

Very Ironic that the Girl that died at the Boston marathon was running for Sandy Hook

Dan Kennedy says until Monday , the Boston Marathon marked a day of patriotism , baseball and Spring 's return , @

People taking this Boston stuff to seriously

My heart goes out to the dead , injured , and others in Boston .

yeah forget about all those people who got injured In Boston today .

5.3 goes out to all the family 's who were affected by this terrible tragedy today in Boston #StayStrong

Pray for Boston ! So sad ! So horrific !

Just ca n't wrap my head around all this . . #horrifying #Boston

I hate the reason for this but Boston has shown the world what a special place it is and what special people inhabit it .

This Boston tragedy makes me seriously sick to my stomach . My thoughts are w / the victims , everyone who ran today all the first responders

My heart goes out to the people of Boston my fists are raised to the cowards that committed this act

* omg zayn is the one that bombed Boston . I know that because he 's Muslim * Me :

Do what you can . How you can help #Boston -LRB- please RT -RRB-

26 ppl shot in 1 weekend in Chicago . . bombs in Boston . . wtf is going on America . Seriously so depressed every morning wh

After what so many people went through today in Boston how dare you even complain about your problems you have it pretty damn good

-LRB- H -RRB- Boston marathon bombing happened on same day as ` controlled explosion ' drill by Boston bomb squadRead

My deepest condolences to the victims of today 's tragedy in Boston.Prayers are being lifted for all of the families tonight . #BostonMarathon

Bill Iffrig , The Man Knocked Down By Blast In Boston , Discusses Fi #billiffrig #BostonMarathon #news #Running # s

My heart goes out to anyone affected by the Boston bombings . That is a horrible thing to have experienced . #sad #depressing

Murcia got 4th in the Boston Marathon.North Korea has n't even crossed the starting line yet . #bostonmarathon

Still sad for the tragedy . Pray for Boston .

MARATHON MADNESS : Prince Edward Island residents rocked by bombs detonated at Boston Marathon including one wo

From the excitement of yesterday 's Masters , now the horrific attack in Boston . God Bless those affected , they are in our thoughts prayers

Do n't change your way of life because of what happened in Boston today . Do n't ever let cowards dictate the way you live

The things people do disgust me , I hope those behind the bombings in Boston are found and suffer a painfully long death

Devastated by today 's events . Bless #boston and all those affected by this terrible tragedy

Boston is John Kerry 's hometown and we 've heard nothing from him .

My prayers go out to the two victims of the Boston marathon bombing . May they heal from this horrifying experience . #prayforboston

I ca n't get over what happened in Boston . That makes me sick that innocent people died . Poor innocent people .

Actually praying for Boston was such a good feeling

11:11 #makeawish Tonight I wish for a restful night for those affected in Boston . #prayforboston

UM Coach : Bomb Sniffing Dogs , Spotters on Roofs Before Boston Marathon Explosions #ows

Maybe the person did that to Boston as a warning butwhat ever happened to a kind threatening note . That 's effective too : S

I sit here and think about how bad my day was and then see lives were lost in Boston today . Really puts things in perspec

FYI my cousin finished her race 5 mins before the explosions . She is safe . Prayers for the others in Boston .

I do n't think cowards who attack us on our own soil realize it just makes us stronger . Proud to be an American . Prayers with #Boston .

Anyone else think the Tin Foil Hat Brigade is already putting in overtime for the Boston tragedy ?

All my prayers to the city of Boston and all the injured and killed and their families

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and first responders responding to explosions at the Boston Marathon

Boston was my home , it 's very special to me and I 'm sad I do n't live there anymore . My heart hurts for everyone affecte

Omg . . R The final mile of the Boston Marathon was dedicated to Newtown shooting victims #bostonmarathon

The government made the Boston bombing today . #sorrynotsorry

My prayers go to Boston What was the point of this bombing there was no reason and it is sick and Disgusting #PrayforBoston . :-LRB-

Boston Marathon Jokes Curated by Sickipedia

A pastoral reflection on today 's tragic events in Boston .

Reading and I ca n't help but laugh at their stupidity about Boston . Their logic is flawed beyond reason . Get a life you idiots .

Words can not express how terrible this tragedy was today in our city . Our thoughts and prayers are with all those affected . #boston #home

#tgdn please stop murdering and terrorizing Americans . #boston #bostonmarathon

All love to the victims and their families who are affected by the Boston marathon explosions #bostonmarathon

Continued prayers for Boston . Grateful for Good Samaritans .

Ran 9.1 kilometers . This was an emotional run as the events earlier today in Boston stayed in my mind . It was punc

The whole thing that happened in Boston is crazy , this world is crazy . But keep them in your prayers . #PrayforBoston

To whoever planted the bombs in Boston today

Boston marathon explosion : just a thought

Just saw on that 521 Coloradans were registered to run in the Boston Marathon today . Hope they 're all safe . #Boston

I have many . You can :-RRB- . I obviously have many Boston ones . The official marathon colors are blue yellow , too .

Thank you to people of Boston . I 've heard many stories of locals offering there homes to displaced runners . There 's

Do n't drive through boston , do n't take the subway , get home , donate blood if you are able . We 're praying for you all

New AVI Spread the support for Boston

So sad for those precious people in Boston . Praying .

People want 2 harm others for their own sick reason I hope the people that set those bombs off n Boston get that ass locked up forever

We are deeply saddened to hear about the news from the Boston Marathon today . We send our deepest thoughts and prayers . #prayersforboston

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all the victims , family members , and first responders in Boston

#RIP to those who lost their lives in #boston , #iraq and #afghanistan . May god give their wellwishers the strength to bear their loss

Okay so I understand the incident in Boston was terrible , but does no one realize this happens EVERYDAY in other countries . Pray for earth .

my prayers go to the Boston Marathon Victims #Peace #Love #Unity

DHS , FBI , Boston PD , etc. are all doing exactly what any proper professional terrorist wants : clamping down , focusing on certain things .

So proud of how Boston responded to today 's tragedy , from those who ran to help , to journalists ' fast , responsible reporting .

Boston marathon bombings : US intelligence budget grew 250 % since 9/11and foiled some attacks

what is tomorrow ? dress like your date or wear blue for boston ? ive seen both

Wear something purple tomorrow for the Boston Bombing #PrayersForBoston

maybe if americans dont want to be bombed by the middle east they should just stop bombing the middle east ? #justatho

Goodnight everybody . Again , surprised they did n't mention it tonight , thoughts and prayers with all affected in Boston . #prayforboston

R.I.P to the 8 year old girl who died today at the #Boston Marathon . #BostonMarathon #bostonbomb

This Boston bombing is disgustingwhy would someone do something like this . . the children are among the deceased . . they were running charity

Many #Myanmar people #prayforboston which was rare a couple of years ago . And we feel exact same as when bombs blasted in 2010 #Thingyan .

heart goes out to boston esp the victim 's families and the loved ones . . its no place to die especially when ure out on a s

keeping boston in my thoughts and prayers and thankful my cousin is alright

Boston Bombing tip line : 1800-494-8477 . CALL IF YOU HAVE ANY INFORMATION NO MATTER HOW BIG OR SMALL IT IS ! 1 TIP CAN HELP FIND WHO DID IT !

omg boston marathon bombings so scary :-LRB-

I 'm sick over this Boston shit

The Boston marathon is a perfect example why I do n't run

That 's what most of us feel , we all want to help out in some small way . #Boston

your a class act , and great player Boston . Playing hard will keep Boston sports up ! #PrayForBoston #WeLoveBoston

My dad lives in Boston I 'm still waiting to hear back from him . Hoping everything is okay . Keeping him in my thoughts until then !

My thoughts and prayers go out to the lovely people and beautiful city of Boston . You will prevail . #prayforboston

. . I really a hope a muslim is NOT responsible for the explosions in Boston . Ya ALLAH please .

Grabee nangyari sa Boston :-LRB- lalo na may 8 - year-old boy na nadamay SHET ! #prayforboston

This is what those dumbass -LRB- s -RRB- did when the set off bombs during a Boston Marathon run !

So when will CNN and Fox News start blaming the whole Boston ordeal on video games

if u want to get in touch with anyone use text messaging , face time , Facebook or twitter boston has shudder down cell service

Do n't use what happened in Boston today as the subject of your FB statuses to get likes . As if you really cared .

Sending lovingkindnes to all those suffering in Boston and elsewhere as a consequence of today 's violence .

Sad news out of Boston today . People are sick .

FUCK THE PEOPLE WHO BOMBED BOSTON !! GO TO HELL MOTHERFUCKERS !!!

The US markets saw a selloff after news of explosions at the Boston Marathon . Housing recovery in US has lost -

So there was a drill today in Boston . assumes it was to cover a false flag op instead of an opportunity to train while every1 's

This city 's really special . Moving to Boston two years ago was what I always wanted to do as a kid . Best decision ive made . I love this city

Let 's pray for Boston Counter shocks

As a runner myself , such acts on Boston Marathon can not be condoned . Prayers to the injured victims .

So thankful my friends are safe in Boston But have such a heavy heart for all of those effected by today 's tragedy

-LSB- Conde Nast -RSB- Explosions at Boston Marathon Finish Line -LSB- Updated -RSB-

NEW : Video shows runner 's perspective of first explosion at Boston Marathon - ht :

Strong prayers to victims and their families of the Boston bombing , our hearts feel for all of you . #prayingmakesadiff

This Boston police feed is butt ever since the feds took over .

Spoiled rich sends a #bigshoutout to people hurt in #boston #StaySafeBoston

Boston marathon bombing four days before the 18th anniversary of the OKC bombing #scary

Our hearts go out to the people of the great city of Boston in the wake of this tragedy . Sending love from NJ . #ForBoston #ECFU

The amount of support Boston has gotten from the entire sporting world is overwhelming and puts everything in perspective #PrayForBoston

This bombing stuff is so depressing . I wish there was something we could do besides #PrayForBoston

if you do n't follow me I will be like the people in Boston . Dead .

Sportscenter can I please see some baseball highlights . You been talking about Boston all day .

Boston in the spring is the most glorious place on earth . No one can ever take that away from me .

Obama Vows Justice for Those Responsible for Boston Attacks -LRB- Voice Of America -RRB- : Share With Friends : | | Reli

Believe that they will find the person responsible for the bombs in Boston #YouCantGetAway

Races bring us together to be and do our best . I hope Patriot 's Day 2014 inspires a record number of qualifiers lining up to run Boston .

I ca n't even bear the thought of losing someone so close to my heart in an accident like in Boston .

R.I.P to all 3 of the people who died today in boston , and my prayers go out to the injured . god is with you the hole step of the way !

My prayers go to the people that were injured at Boston .

wear purple undies for boston tomorrow

I 'm pretty sure there 's going to be a conspiracy on the Boston bombing .

Poor little girl getting killed while watching the Boston marathon . How can a human being kill innocent people ? Horrible

Good night twitter world do n't forget to pray tonight my heart goes out to the victims in boston

Just saw the pictures of the Boston Bombing . I know it 's cheesy , but my heart goes out to all of the victims .

Small Acts of Heroism After Boston Marathon Bombings #grabvideo

Thank you guys for the love and support ! We will be there when the injured Boston athletes are

A terrible tragedyOur thoughts and prayers go out to the runners , spectators , and families impacted today in Boston .

fuck boston , niggas dying every day in my hood innocent niggas at that

#bostonmarathon for my brothers and sisters in Boston . GOD be with you ! Shared via TweetCaster

Fox 11 at 9 , Tucson couple in Boston reunites after the blasts . KOLD News 13 at 10 , Tucson runner finds herself between the explosions .

Boston marathon explosions already being blamed on the right : submitted by mayonesa -LSB- link -RSB- -LSB- comment -RSB-

My heart breaks for the victims in Boston Marathon . Many prayers

This whole Boston thing is so sad . Why are people so crazy ? #prayforboston

Thankful for first responders . Whether on 9/11 , during Sandy , in Newtown , or today in Boston , they signed up to run into danger and help .

My deepest sympathy to the families who lost a loved one in Boston . For the ones that are wounded and looking at

For Boston you have to be 18 years old and qualify by running 26.2 miles in 3:35 or less . Not

Oh you 're talking about Boston for retweets , favorites , likes etc. ? Go away . You 're a shit person .

People are crazy . I do n't know why anyone would do that . Those are innocent people just running a marathon enjoying l

that 's the man who was goin to propose to his girlfriend before she died in Boston

#PrayForBoston #BostonMarathon god bless everyone who was killed or injured at the boston marathon

Today our thoughts are with all those affected by the events in Boston .

Keep praying for victims who got hurt in the explosion in Boston Marathon . #prayforboston

I heard u live in boston hope ur safe

Absolutely sick and depressing . Just a reminder to Always be thankful for Everyone and never take for granted . My heart goes out to #Boston

I still think the Koreans had something to do with the Boston marathon bombing .

Boston Marathon ` terrorist ' explosions kill 3 , injure up to 132

Local Runners React to Boston Bombings

The medical response team at the scene at the terror attack at the Boston Marathon are all heroes . #Amazing #LifeSavers

Prayers go out to those affected by the attack at the Boston marathon . So hard to see these images .

Mfs worrying bout a fake bomb in Boston n its kids still hungry in Africa

Another report with perspective from a south bend runner who ran in his first ever Boston marathon now on wndutv

But I do feel sorry for those injured and even dead from the bombing in Boston .

Boston bombing : Obama says culprits will feel ` weight of justice '

I did not know that it was that bad in Boston not only did 1 bomb go off but 2 , my prayers goes out too them

Every life is equally important . Not just in Boston or Iraq , let 's come together and pray for the people who suffered

Just read the New York Times Boston Marathon story smh . So sad .

Live updates : Three killed in Boston Marathon explosions - Sydney Morning Herald : Live updates : Three killed i

I thought it was really sweet how and dedicated their first 10s of the season to the victims of Boston . 3 #prayforboston

With the boys in Boston . . Love that city . . The people there are tough they will get through this !

DTN Bangladesh : Boston blasts prompt UK review of London Marathon : LONDON : British police are reviewing securi

I feel really sad for the girl who died in the Boston 's explosions .

I started sobbing when i heard about Boston #PrayForBoston

I ca n't wait for all of these Boston bomb conspiracy videos !

Michael Savage PISSED OFF Over Boston Marathon Bombing and Dumb Police S : via

Oh OK . So sad about what happened in Boston . :--LRB-

R.I.P to those victims today . You should n't pray just for Boston , but all of us . We all in deep shit .

Seeing The Boston Marathon on the news and hearing some of the stories from people they is making me cry ! Seriously Praying .

Prayers and thoughts to everyone in Boston and all involved in the #bostonmarathon

Twilio helps you call your family in Boston Thanks

America and Americans are not safe with a coward in the Oval Office That 's a fact ! #Boston

The place where you receive an education becomes sacred.There are multitudes in India who studied in Boston.We stand

New whip arrived in mail today ; afraid to take it out and make loud noises near Boston , start whole new twitter rumors .

People care more about the bombing in Boston because it happened on our soil .

The final 100 yard stretch at the Boston Marathon was already a shrine to human courage . More so now

Seeing the bombs going off in Boston is so scary my heart goes out to everyone that was affected by it

I wan na thank those who reached out to me about my family when they heard about the Boston tragedy . My fam is in Rhode Island thank God

Tell Dan to talk about jibbitting again . It 's what Boston wants .

It 's scary how I was literally just in Boston for the e3concert I would be petrified of a bomb threat #prayforboston

Dear Boston , I miss you .

BREAKING : North Korea finally launches nuke at Boston , kills 3

Boston.Columbus , Ga stands with you . Cowards , attack one American you attack all 320 million of us . Those odds ar

Tbh I we find out who ever did this to boston and put them through hell

Finally home . Watching the news . So horrible ! Prayers to those in Boston .

Oh , you blame Zayn for the Boston bombing ? :-RRB- Can I give you a dozen of high fives ? :-RRB- IN YOUR FUCKING FACE ? :-RRB- WITH A FUCKING HUGE ROCK ? :-RRB-

Our thoughts and prayers go out tonight to all those affected by the horrific tragedy at the Boston Marathon .

Profound Sadness regarding today 's event in Boston

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and their families of another senseless act of violence in #Boston

Why am I listening to Downer , who believed in WMD , carping on about Al Quaeda re Boston bombing ?

My heart goes out to the families and the people hurt in Boston today . Proves their are some sick people in this world #PrayersForBoston

Prayers for Boston and the world 's sorrows . Humanity is so unpredictable .

Patriots day , boston , cornerstone of colonial america and american patriots , etc

Sending lots of love to Boston . You guys are in my thoughts and prayers . #prayforboston

There were several bombs which went off after the Boston marathon today . Three were killed 144 were severely injured . :-LRB-

Irrelevant point : I know they 're off , but ca n't believe silence from the The rivalry is great because Boston

But still , the mastermind of the bombing in Boston is sickkk as fuck . Seriously sick . #PrayForBoston

Who is the mastermind of the Boston Marathon Explosion , even Obama wants to know

God Bless Boston and Sandy Hook . Woman Jewelry and Accessories

Boston 's been hit . Pointing finger ke sapose lg pakde Sam ?

Putting a lump in my throat watching the news of the Boston Marathon bombing . Praying for their community for our country . #heartbreaking

Right Fist Raised In The Air , Head Down And Standing Tall . #BOSTON #TheBean #BostonMarathon #MASS

After hearing about Boston I felt the need to be w my family let them know how much they mean to me . Today was heartbreaking !

My thoughts and prayers are with all those involved in the horrific tragedy in Boston . A grateful salute to all the

Before I go to sleep today ima pray for Boston all my family overthere

For Boston , not only will the people held responsible feel the wrath of justice but my God will too deal with them accordingly !

You never know what your random photo or video might reveal.to catch these people #boston via

It makes me want to cry over all the injuries and deaths today in Boston , it 's so heart breaking #praying

Let 's take a minute pray ! Boston my heart soul is with all the families

Their so much evil in this world it 's ridiculous , why so people do the things they do . I will never understand . God bless those in Boston

Wow . Just found out my brother nearly ran at the Boston marathon today and I 'm ill . Ca n't even fathom the pain of those there . #Pray4Boston

Our thoughts are with everyone in Boston tonight . We send our love to everyone affected by today 's terrible events .

Our thoughts and prayers go out to those affected in Boston today , as well as their lived ones .

Hell of a day today . #Boston casualties and their families are going to be in my thoughts for some time .

Praying for the people involved in the Boston Marathon today .

Gosh I hate to say it like this but already seen enough about #Boston today . Such BS that shit like this keeps happening .

There 's been unlimited access since the Boston news broke :

Boston Marathon Explosion : Thanks to Boston Police , Lets Keep Victims in Our Thoughts and Prayers

How horrible about the Boston Marathon :-LRB- #CruelWorld #Crisis #BostonMarathon #sadTimes #Mean #prayforboston #

I 'm really bothered by this Boston incident it 's so sad that someone would purposely hurt innocent people n children

Saddened for what happened in Boston today . My prayer goes out for everyone there .

India stands by the people of Boston . Love compassion in this time for the dead injured and a hunger to find those that did this .

wow now toronto maple leafs has a chance of winning their division they are behind montreal by 4 points and 3 behind boston but that game

Patton Oswalt 's Facebook Post After Boston Bombing Strikes A Nerve , Goes Viral On Social Media

Thank you to all the doctors , nurses , other health care providers and civilian volunteers who helped care for the injured 2day in Boston .

If you blame Muslims for the Boston bombing I will kick you in the teeth

Seeing the video of the Boston Marathon today makes me sick . Whoever did the bombings can rot in hell . #prayforboston

Boston Marathon explosion has left me utterly speechless and disturbed .

Very sad about the tragedy in Boston , but very thankful my friends who were at the event are all safe . My heart goes out to all involved .

Extra prayers tonight for those affected in Boston , and humanity as a whole . People need some Jesus in their lives .

What the fuck is wrong with these sick fucking individuals . Chins up , Boston .

My heart goes out to the families that have lost someone this morning in the Boston bombings : /

and this is why you guys are my heroes . . Boston thanks you .

Woken up to a horrific news . Thoughts go out to people affected in Boston .

Watching CNN getting hip to the Boston Marathon incident .

Waiting to hear from relatives in Boston . The not knowing is the hardest partmy thoughts and prayers go out to those who lost loved ones .

I think Wolf Blitzer and Chris Matthews were in a race , today , to see who could say the most stupid shit abt what happened in Boston .

meanwhile - real niggas dyin , bitch niggas still breathinand now they blowin shit up in Boston . Smh #CrazyWorld

People putting out false or making up fake Boston bombing stories for a like/retweet

But will anyone from Doherty help ? raise money for Boston victims ! made a fund !

Austin runner in Boston tells me she ca n't get into her hotel room tonight and had to cancel her flight home .

Are you guys actually praying for Boston or are you just tweeting it for attention ?

Wear purple tomorrow for Boston . Please , spread the word and support everyone affected by the explosions . #purpleforboston

Anyone with friends/family affected by Boston tragedy ? Hope they 're safe ! If they 're willing to share their story , let us know .

seriously still in shock over the bombing . what is this world we live in . #prayforboston

we got outta school for two hours and fucked around , and nobody was hurt . Not like Boston , we shouldnt blame no one was hurt .

Somebody tell me what happen in Boston ???

Comforting Boston : A Christian Science perspective : The bombings at the Boston Marathon Monday afternoon left

Obama Speech On Boston Bombings : ` We Will Find Out Who Did This ' And Hold Them Accountable -LRB- VIDEO -RRB- via

Running tomorrows track meet in honor of Boston and those involved who may never run again

SJ Examiner News Google helps locate people in wake of Boston tragedy

If there is anything positive to take away from the Boston Marathon it is this

Our prayers sympathies are with those killed or injured at the end of Boston Marathon , their families friends as well as all traumatized

Restrained by terror : A must-read our President on Boston and terror via

The moment one of the bombs in Boston detonates . Notice a person on the roof of the building on the left .

We were sorry to hear about what happened in Boston today . Our thoughts are with those affected .

People are so stupid . That little girl did n't die in the Boston marathon she 's not even from that state !

CNN Breaking News tweeted at 0:07 PM on Mon , Apr 15 , 2013 : Explosion reported near Boston Marathon finish line , CNN affiliate WCVB

My thoughts and prayers go out to the victims families in Boston !! God Bless #PrayForBoston

Honestly what the fuck is wrong with ppl today !?! Prayers and thoughts go out to Boston tonight .

3 people died in a bombing today . . In futurama three people died in the future Boston ?!?! Coincidence !??

Boston blasts prompt security review of London Marathon

Oh God , may the responsible brought to justice RezaaNst ada ledakan bom dkt garis finish marathon di Boston .

My heart is breaking for everyone affected in Boston and its devastating to think people actually do these things . #madworld #prayforboston

Navy bomb unit to assist Boston bombings investigation | Military Times |

Wishing all emergency medical personnel and officials well in responding treating the injured in Boston ! #Bosto

Man I 'm confused do we wear red or purple tomorrow for the people in Boston

Praying for all those families affected by what happened today in Boston

We pray for all of those impacted by the tragedy in Boston today . We know that the healing hand is at work in this tonight .

I 'm fine , I live outside of Boston , but even still it really hits home .

Thoughts going out to everyone in Boston today . Horrific #BostonMarathon

Why does this world have to be so cruel and hateful . It truly is sad . Prayers for Boston / 3

#revolution did not happen tonight thanks moron in #Boston screw it up for everyone

god bless you Amy and all the victims from the marathon in Boston . 4/15/12 let 's all pray for the victims .

We 3 #Boston more than ever . 29 reasons you should too :

What happened in Boston today made me realize some things .

Kindness follows Boston Marathon blast : -LRB- via -RRB-

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims of Boston 's bombing earlier today . #prayforboston

Thankin GOD 4allda GOODPEOPLE that SENT PRAYERS UP FOR BOSTON

Sending all my love to the people of #Boston . I 'm stunned heartbroken by this attack .

I wonder if when #raw went off the air addressed the #WWEUniverse about the bombing in Boston earlier today . #PrayForBoston

Today I played nothing but Scout on #TF2 out of respect for Boston . It was really hard to not play with this though .

The Amico team is deeply moved by the tragic events surrounding the Marathon . #prayforBoston

An awful day/night here in Boston.Just ca n't believe it . #prayforboston

What happened today was terrible but I have alot of faith in Boston , prayers to everyone involved #PrayforBoston

I have a 10 page paper due Thursday , but having my parents come out of the Boston Marathon safe is a pretty good way to curb that bad mood !

sends it 's hearts prayers out to all the victims their families of today 's tragedy in Boston #prayforboston #USA #boston

Wear a Race Shirt TomorrowIn Honor of Boston #tcot

So sorry for the pain Boston has to ensure tonight while their friends and family are hurt #boston #prayforboston .

Boston Officials Allegedly Shut Down Mobile Service In Boston 2 Prevent Remote Detonation Update Or Not

Do n't just post the Pray for Boston pictures because everyone else is doing it . Post it because you truly care and actu

F that hater ! Glad to hear you 're okay in Boston ! Prayers to all involved !

My love and prayers to all those in Boston . Thank you to ALL the HERO 's . God Bless You ALL

Prayers go out to all those who lost lives today in Boston and those whose lives are forever changed after the Boston Ma

Pray for Boston and the families who lost their loved ones !

We 're probably on the verge of WW3 . N. Korea nuke threats ? Boston bombing ? Iraqi car bombs ? Yeah , the world is fucked . #LetsHavePeaceForOnce

The way Crawford is playing the Boston trade was a steal :p

prayers go out to the families and people who were affected in the boston bombing.i hope they find the cowards that did this #gutless

Boston Marathon Attack Boosts Security in Orange County : The bombing at the Boston Marathon have law enforcement

Not necessarily an Obama supporter , but to blame the Boston attacks on him is absurd . . Some people are just haters

Sick to my stomach ! My prayers are out to Boston !! #PrayForBoston #heartbreaking #sad

Good Golly , Bengahzi !! FBI Refuses To Call Boston Marathon Bombing A Terror Attack , Shocking

Horrific day for the Boston marathon runners , bystanders , and family members I feel for those who have lost #prayforboston

So thankful my aunt decided not to run in the marathon in Boston considering the time the Bomb happened was her time she finishes !

Boston Mayor 's Hotline for families of victims : 617-635-4500

Our hearts are with the victims -LRB- and their families -RRB- of today 's tragedy at the Boston Marathon . May those who passed

Our hearts are broken for the survivors and families of those hurt and killed in Boston today . So much sadness

Boston Marathon explosion : On cable , the same footage , best behavior via

It 's only in Boston , what about Syria , Palestine , they got bomb almost everyday . .

My heart goes out to those victim to the bombing of the Boston Marathon : /

A list of what the media IS NOT telling you about the Boston TERROR attack - U.s. - Catholic Online

Saudi in custody for Boston bombing had burn injury : He had a burn injury and yet ran , such that people had to http

Boston , you know we love you madlyhear the crowd roar to your sounddo n't blame us if we ever doubt yayou know we could n't live without ya

May those who lost their lives today in the Boston Marathon Bombings Rest in Peace . #PrayforBoston

Dozens of Charlotteans were in Boston when the bombs exploded : WBTV Anchor Molly Grantham spoke with a half-dozen

was n't able to watch #Battles tonight bro cause of attacks here in Boston . Heard you did great . So proud of you ! Love you !

And then stuff like the Boston bombings happen and I realize that no one is really safe from anything .

Its sad what happebed at the Boston Marathon today .

Crazy news today : bombing in Bostoncat here in Dallas killed his girl who was 8mos pregnant then had 5 hr standoff w

BREAKING NEWS : Police searching apartment in Revere , MA - Possibly linked to the Boston Marathon Bombings #PrayForB

well how about Australia leaving next week hope all is good my man from a sad day I 'm boston but we will bounce back

Bomb goes off in Boston everybody be like #prayforboston bombs go off in Israel daily Not to many people prayin Or for bombs in afghan

where do u live in Boston

Read this - We Always Win - written in honor of Boston - via

hey Ben all the very best my man , thinking of Boston .

If your gon na pray for Boston why you got ta tell everyone

My heart is breaking thinking about Boston . My heart just sinks knowing there are that terrible of people in our everyday loves . #pray #love

For everyone in the Boston area down to reclaim the last 5 for everyone who did n't get to cross the finish line ! http

Running boston marathon next year is good goal to show resilience and strength , but is not a solution for events like #bostonbombing

I grew up in Boston , its unfair for me 2 say that u messed w / the wrong citybut instead u messed with the wrong country . .2 gether we stand

So sad #Bostonmarathon #Boston #PrayingforBoston disgusting someone could do that to innocent people !!! WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO THE WORLD

Please pray for the people in Boston ! Who can do such stupid sh*t !

Interesting . Syrian Electronic Army seems to have hacked all of NPR 's Boston Marathon stories .

Though all these pictures of praying for Boston are good , still pray , but take action where is also needed . If needed , give blood . Etc

Thousands continue die in Syria , out of the media in a few months . 3 Die in Boston bombing , we 'll talk about it until the next election . #no

my prayers go out to the people who were affected from the boston bombing

I wonder if the bombs in Boston had anything to do with North Korea ? Coincidence . ? I think so

Im donating blood this week for all those injured in Boston . Please consider doing the same . Or make donation to Red

Whoever makes a single joke about the Boston tragedy is a literal meaning of human scum . #boston

for those affected by todays tragic events in Boston , you are in our thoughts and prayers . Lord please provide

Dear God - Once again we are tested . Yesterday in Boston with the sun high and our joy even higher , in an

Boston , NYC is with you and has your back .

~ pls retweet my last post . Needs help #boston #lost

-LSB- Boston Biz Jrnl -RSB- Did Thermo Fisher pay too much for #Life Technologies ?

LOL What the . Boston spelled backwards is No Stop , please stop the violense in Boston .

Saw all the blood splattered on the concrete after that bomb in Boston Praying for all the victims and injured .

Word has come that all #MissionBC Boston Marathon competitors are safe .

Senseless acts of violence today at the Boston Marathon . God be with the victims and all affected . #PrayForBoston

#PhNews PHL stocks plunge in knee-jerk reaction to Boston Marathon bombing

There were a total of 18 entrants from Singapore at the Boston Marathon on Monday , where twin explosions near th

A runner who was knocked over by a bomb blast at the #Boston Marathon talks about shock waves going through his body : http

I liked a video What the Boston Marathon means to me

Did the WaPo 's Jennifer Rubin Use the Boston Explosions to Make a Point About Abortion ? : That 's what New York Magazine 's Dan Amira su

More reliable than NYPost . At least 132 injuries reported in #Boston terror attack , at least 17 are critical ;

Hey tweeters when Boston happend I was upset cause u sprained my wrist while closing my locker well to the people in Boston CALIFORNIA LOVES

Just heard about the Boston incident . My heart goes out to all those affected :-LRB-

I have a customer I see everyday that ran the Boston . Found out he 's okay called my Starbucks -- his drink 's on the house for a while

We 're praying for all those who were affected by the tragedy in Boston today .

The athletes train and prepare for this . Boston marathon is the Mecca of races . How tragic that one person/group can do something like this

WhatGodWantsForYou : Boston Bombing : In Times of Crisis

My heart is heavy for Boston but my faith is strong ! Terrorist can not change my belief in the good of man-kind .

Tomorrow I 'm puttin the girls in my stroller , and then I 'm going to run my heart out in honor of Boston . Who is with me ?

The picture of the girl in Boston is fake . That girl was n't killed and no eight year old girl was killed . It was an 8

Boston Marathon explosion caught on camera via Tragic and disturbing news :'-LRB-

Story about the runner at Boston Marathon that was by finish line during blast everyone saw his legs buckle .

Footage of Boston Marathon Explosion -LRB- Raw Footage -RRB- : via - Stop killing the innocent

Can anyone tell me wht happened in Boston ? #PrayerForBoston xx

Im not only praying 4 Boston the people involvd but Im praying 4 our WORLDwe r ALL n this togetherwhen we destroy/hurt 1 we hurt ALL

If we ca n't feel safe at schools , movie theatres , or even marathons , what are we to do praying for everybody in Boston t

Shout out to for donating the proceeds of their Boston show to the victims , great musicians and even better

I hope the people responsible for the Boston attack get dick cancer #RealTalk #HaveFunWithThat

#PrayForBostonMarathonRunners #PrayForBoston #BostonMararthon #PrayingForBostonA strange feeling Boston is somewhere that I used to be .

lets us all stand strong as we have before . Unexpected event of #boston #ourhopes #wepray #asonetogether

I 'm wondering if Tax Day had anything to do with the Boston Marathon bombing today #latenightthoughts

I 'm still shook about this Boston thing because I was literally right at the exact spot where the bomb set off 48

Just heard about Boston . My heart goes out to all its people .

No reports of Canadians being among the dead or injured in Boston , according to federal government officials

Wish I was in world history still so we could discuss the boston marathon all period eh

I 'm sorry but shame on the people who are trying to seek publicity with this Boston marathon bombing . Stop lying and trying to get attention

Deep condolences from us for the boston bombing victim .

I was expecting terror from them today actuallythe Boston Marathon was the last thing on my mind

Does Philadelphia have a Counterterrorism Unit ? NYC 's went right into mobilization right after the Boston

Man . . Watchin dis Boston video . Like why even do something like that ? You 'd be betta off jus murda 'n ya self den 2 decide the faith of others

Montreal but I hope to get down to Boston at the end of the summer as well !! So excited !! How 've you been though hun ?

I know you 're from Boston : Westboro Baptist is going to picket the #bostonmarathon funerals .

ca n't stop thinking ab wat happen in boston :'-LRB-

What is up wit this bombing in Boston

What an unfortunate news . Prayers for the Boston bombing victims .

To continue bringing our viewers ongoing coverage of the tragic attacks at the Boston Marathon , NBC4 # 039 ; s on-a

Who 's Boston ? Why do n't they pray for me ?

There 's a lady from the Boston marathon on my plane . I really want to approach her . . but speechless .

Please do not say that Boston are in your prayers if you do n't pray .

So sickened still about today love this city #tough #resilient #boston

People in Boston still looking to party we getting Bombed On

Just saw the most gruesome picture from the Boston tragedy #fuckedup

My heart goes out to the family of the victims of the Boston Marathon . . especially the 8 yr old boys family .

Seeing the footage from the Boston Globe on Sports Center is justwow.Idk what to feel.sadness , anger , confusion , all in one

My son was working a tenth of a mile from the blast today in Boston . #MoreWorriedThanEver

Sending lots of love , good thoughts and positive energy your way and the way of the people of #Boston !

you aite just saw on the news what happened in boston

Diversity Leaders ' Voice Top story : Blasts at Boston Marathon Kill 2 see more

Could it have something to do with the Newtown , Connecticut , school shooting ? #Boston

#PrayForBoston in social studies we were just discussing bombs before this happenedso sad . . hope things get better for those in Boston ! 3

Investigators scour video , photos for Boston Marathon bomb clues : WASHINGTON/BOSTON - U.S. investigators led b

Sometimes it 's hard to really let things sink in when you 're trying to get the story . But we will overcome . #boston

Newtown couple shocked again at Boston Marathon

My heart goes out to anyone affected from the Boston marathon , what is wrong with people these days #PrayerForBoston

I 'd like 2 express my heartfelt condolences 2 all the families n Boston affected by this cowardly attack . #sad

Twin bombings at Boston marathon kill three , more than 100 injured - Zee News - Zee News : Zee NewsTwin bombing

The fact that there was an explosion Boston Marathon the marathon was dedicated for Sandy Hook makes me B

6:15 pm ET - Local Radio Host Paul Westcott7 : 00 pm ET - Boston police commissioner Ed Davis will hold second press

Prayers go out to the ones affected in Boston today #prayforboston

Photoset : psychoticnekomata : usatodaysports : Examples of overwhelming kindness following the Boston Marathon

Who is that ?? Possible suspect of boston bombing ??

Our Lord , let those who came from all over to run Boston 's streets do so again let not those who lack compassion triumph #PrayforBoston

I just assisted two old ladies in the elevator with their geography when I overheard ` Boston is in Manhattan I think ' .

I 've witnessed : -9 / 11 - Virginia TechFort WorthAurora , CO TheaterSandy Hook , shootings-Boston Marathon Bombing.And I

Thoughts and prayers to Boston . Goodnite Twitter

Tryin to make it in this crazy world . Heart goes out to the people in boston . #crazyworld #needshelp

This goes to all arabs , before yu start crying about happend in boston , take a look at whats happrning in syria . #disgrace #whatafuckingshame

Prayers got out to the families in Boston who lost someone today . Seriously fuck this world . #humanityisdead

every ethnic/religious group in boston is probably sitting at home right now praying to their god it was n't one of their people who did this

My thoughts are with the people of Boston and all those affected .

My heart wth #boston tonight . My 2nd hometown . Thinking of friends and #bostonians on this awful day . #BostonMararthon

We live in a messed up world . . And its only getting worse . . I send out my condolences to everybody in Boston who was effected by this today

The pictures from #Boston are not looking gud.Hope no South African is injured

Feds : Why were you running away ? Saudi man : Because the bomb set my ass on fire ?

Starting my day wid the sickening news about Boston Marathon Blast . Wht is happening in this world ?! Prayers for the ppl in Boston . Be safe .

Our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in Boston . Please keep safe

NYTimes : Graphics and Map : Site of the Boston Marathon Explosions

Our hearts and prayers go out to the people of Boston and the families of those injured and who lost loved ones !

There 's a Boston Explosion Facebook page that was made two days ago . The same thing happened with Sandy Hookthat 's to

I 'm praying for all those affected by the Boston bombing . It 's difficult to hear about the horrific actions -LRB- cont -RRB-

Keep Boston in your prayers today guys ! What a sad day . .

Do n't just say #PrayForBoston actually get off of twitter and pray for Boston .

today i was shock to heard about that bomb in Boston .

2 Killed And Scores Critically Injured As 2 Bombs Explode At Boston Marathon

I do n't * try * to be anti-cop , but Is it me , or do the Boston cops look * clueless * about what to do and just useless in all the videos ?

wow just saw what happened in Boston on the news . :-LRB-

Cleveland Tower Lights Up In Red White and Blue for Boston and for the Nation Photo by harmongreg - #uniteblue #p2

Ohio runners recall Boston Marathon blasts : Several Ohioans who ran in the Boston Marathon on Monday h #toledo

Everyone posting about Boston makes me tear up . So sad

sadly no . Some black bitch from Boston spoke too soon to be cool for twitter

Dam shit like this makes me wan na thank god everyday for having the life I live Prayers go to Boston and everyone

Of course the Boston bombing is blamed on the Arabs #typical

Praying for Boston . Acts like these are becoming too common . #pray #worldneedslove #worldneedsjesus

Emerson Pres. Lee Pelton announces no classes on Tuesday so students can ponder and reflect on the Boston bomb tragedy . #leadership #crisis

all these people useing the boston accedent to get likes or retweetsno bueno smh

Much respect . How about a Robin song to Boston 's More Than A Feeling

Am I The Only One Who Do n't Know What Everybody Talking Bout Boston For ???

its a national disgrace that we have no idea who cause the bomb in boston and that S.O.B is on the loose

Pray for the families who hav experienced a deadful loss nd whose loved ones r seriously injured in dis senseless act of violation . #Boston

Our thoughts are with the victims in #Boston and their families today . #TheseColorsDon ` tRun

Fuck #Boston 30 people died yesterday in #Somalia I dont see people crying about that

Praying for the families and everyone affected by the tragedies in Boston today .

Praying for you Boston !! God bless you all !

Just heard about the marathon tragedy at boston a couple of hours ago #prayforboston . Hope the suspects get what th

Thoughts go out to those in Boston . Port Elgin Josh Cassidy tweeted he is okay and was across the street at his hot

April 15th , in Boston , home of the Boston Tea Party , an act against taxation . Coincidence ? #BostonMarathon #prayforboston

Im prayin for BOSTON tonight3Stay Strong !!

DFA Asec . Raul Hermandez : No Filipino was reported injured in the boston explosion #prayforboston

My heart and soul ache for those who lost their lives and ALL those who were injured in Boston today . Prayers Peace Tolerance

Boston Marathon blasts : The 78-year-old runner who was knocked down by the blasts via

Thoughts and prayers to Boston and everyone affected by today 's tragic events

People ca n't even go outside and run without getting bombed . What the hell is happening to America ? #prayforboston

#Indian #India Despite Boston blasts , London 's Sunday marathon on : Thousands of people , #SuryaRay

our prayers go out to everyone in Boston and ALL AMERICANS

Let me just say , hearing about the Boston Marathon bombing today , it sent those same spine chilling sick feelings again

Prayers for those injured in the Boston Marathon Bombing .

I hope whoever is responsible for this terrible act in Boston , no matter where they 're from , get mad as hell when we b

The finishing mile of the Boston marathon this year was dedicated to the victims of Newton .

Our Prayers Hearts go out to Boston and others affected by today 's bombs

yeah basically , Do n't get me wrong , Boston is still super tragic though

A somber Spring night in Boston from the #ISS . Condolences to everyone affected . #BostonMarathon

Dang , that 's crazy what happen in Boston .

Newtown couple shocked again at Boston Marathon : After the school shooting in their hometown , a couple looked

And to think other countries experience this weekly !! My heart aches for them and Boston right now .

#marathonofprayer RT this Let 's show extra solidarityThis is for our Boston Family !!!!! God bless them !!!

I understand what happened in boston was fucked up but come on its sc now world newswhere the sports at ?

It makes me so mad that the Boston Marathon was for the 26 brave soles from Sandy Hook and some wacko had to ruin it all and bomb it .

My heart goes out to the poor souls in Boston and their family members who did n't know the last time they saw them wo

Our thoughts and prayers to everyone affected by the Boston Marathon bombing and a really strong prayer that

The Dustaleros abhor the acts of cowardice today in Boston ! Our prayers are with families/friends of the injured and dead.God help us all !

President Obama Offers Cautious Response to Boston Bomb Blasts : President Obama Offers Cautious Response to Bo

So one of my friends told me sum horrible news about one of her friends i ca n't stop thinking about it . . that the boston explosion . .

Love and prayers for those who lost loved ones or were injured today in Boston . So horrific . #prayforboston #bostonmarathon #dilishi

I do n't get how people can just bomb and kill insist people . You must be absolutely fucked to do that to people #prayforboston

Thanx for the bday love . Much appreciated . Gracias por las felicidades . Muy agradecido . Especially in light of Boston

I feel like some people do n't even really care about the bombings in Boston yet post about it to get likes and seem heart

Thanks America for supporting Boston in this dark time . We need you ! Come visit Beantown , walk the freedom trail , please give blood .

To all our friends in #Boston affected by the tragic #Bostonmarathon #explosion our thoughts are with you .

Heavy heart today . My thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected by the Boston Marathon explosions . #PrayForBoston

They have leads that the bombs from Boston today are from Revere ? Aka , my hometown ? Like . Really ? Fuck man . Not ok .

Let 's all keep Boston in our prayers tonight .

Thoughts are with Boston and Baghdad today xo

People bombing Boston like wtf is going on

I hope they find the person that bombed Boston today , put him in an iron box with a bomb and let it blow up . #getwhatyoudeserve #kramasabitch

Today will forever be remembered as the day the Boston Marathon was stained with innocent blood that will never wash away . #prayersforboston

The latest updates on the Boston Marathon attack tonight :

Ca n't stop thinking of what happened in Boston today . . This world is so fucked up

CNN 'S EXPE SHEER DEMAGOGUERY Farah wallops talker raising specter of right-wing attack in Boston #PjNET

Bedtime prayers for those affected by the tragedy in Boston #prayforboston #GodBlessBoston

40,000 Causes 8k - now wishing recovery to those who were hurt at the Boston Marathon 2013 .

Smooth 's Starting Five was pushed to tomorrow because of the tragedy in Boston . It will run in the morning at

My thoughts and prayers go to Boston . Also i hope the conspiracy theorists do n't go overboard .

Boston is a part of all of us who live in New England , love our city , love our teams . But most importantly , love each other . #prayforboston

Where are we safe anymore in this world ? My heart bleeds in sorrow for Boston .

So , how long it will take before CNN produces a Photoshopped pic of Sarah Palin at Boston Marathon holding a suspicious l

Tonight , our thoughts and prayers are with the Boston marathon victims , first responders , and their families . #BostonMararthon God Bless

Boston Marathon explosions attract an outpouring of help from city 's residents via #greatstory

Dabs out to Boston in hopes of good fortune .

My prayers go out to the family and friends of the people who lost their life today in Boston #prayforboston #wearblueforboston

I 'm Shipping Up To Boston - Dropkick Murphys #prayersforboston

-LSB- OFFTOPIC -RSB- #prayforboston so many people died and were injured bcz of bombing in Boston Marathon . . and let 's pray for all t

Not trying to down play what happened in Boston by no means but why is it that people but I see a very disturbing

ABC News reporting at least 86 people injured in Boston explosions

What are the Sandy Hook leftwing Ambulance chasers saying caused boston Terror ? A gun ? #obama #tcot #nra

So sad to hear about #Boston , it will be a city close to my heart forever .

A great memorial library/museum to JFK and family , essential to any visit to Boston . The fire is apparently not

All I can think of is the poor families of those involved in Boston today . I ca n't even imagine . My prayers are with you . #PrayForBoston

RIP for Joe Cassella , 8y.o who died in the Boston Marathon O :-RRB-

8-year-old confirmed among dead in Boston ; mixed reports on arrests , suspects

People talking about the Boston bombing and using the Essendon hashtag should be banned from twitter . Disgrace .

dawg we appreciate the prayers . I 'm close to Boston and its scary that something like this happened . -RRB- :

My thoughts are in Boston today with my friends at the #bostonmarathon and all of those affected .

You 've seen the pictures . Blue yellow Adidas jackets running around after the Boston tragedy . Papa says that 's on Donut Dan Blockhead .

Boston people on my prayers to night .

DTN China : Security beefed up worldwide after Boston blasts : FROM the World Trade Center and Times Square in N

The Boston bombings are fucked . I hope you get caught and hung publicly . Piece of shit .

Our BELOVED Boston attacked on our PATRIOTS DAY at the finish line of our INTERNATIONAL BOSTON MARATHON . God BLESS

oh people of twitter , tonight nobody really gives a damn about your memes and restaurant experiences #boston

god bless all the families involved in the boston accident

Shit like todays Boston explosion happens and all you fuckers want is RT 's and likes wtf gtfo .

Reports of Marathon Runners that crossed finish line continued to Mass General Hospital to give blo

What is happening to our country ?! What will happen next ? #America #boston #breakingnews #bostonblast

This is a photo of the 8 year old who unfortunately was killed in todays horrific Boston Marathon tragedy . My God :-LRB-

Crazy fun.Long.Tiring.Emotional surreal weekend . Tomorrows a new day :-RRB- take it one day at a time . #boston we r here w you ! #PrayForBoston

Pray for the 3 dead and the 8 year old child , and 1441 people that were injured in the Boston Massacre

Why Ppl Droppin Bombs In Boston , They Need 2 Drop Some In Harlan I Can Merch I Get Out That Jam

I still do n't know the story with that Boston thing

I think its hilarious that people are posting pics on Instagram about the Boston marathon like they found out who did it . #Areyouserious

There was a horrible disaster in Boston and yall worried about an 8th grader

IMAGENES NO PUBLICADAS LAS BOMBAS EN BOSTON

Muslims have no intention on killing people WE DID NOT PLAN THE BOMBING IN BOSTON Muslims are n't terrorists ! Terrorists claim theyre muslims

Heavy eyes and a heavy heart . #goodnight , world . #boston

HATS OFF TO BOSTON . - From Everyone at

Poor Boston . Prayers are being sent . :-LRB-

Boston blast being approached as terrorist attack : The two bomb blasts in Boston , that killed at least three p

#BOSTON 8 years old girl dead , that 's horrible . Prayers goes to families of dead and injured !!

Loved ones seek word on Boston runners after blasts

Confirmed that the bombings at the Boston Marathon were a terrorist attack .

Muslims praise Boston Marathon terrorist bombing . Shame !

Really impressed by work the outreach team did today to make sure #CoMO runners were safe in #Boston : htt

The more and more I read about the Boston Marathon Bombing.the more I want to do everything in my power to promote peace among people .

Even though what happened in Boston today does n't affect me I get upset and wan na find these assholes hurting innocent people .

That picture of that 8 yr girl is NOT from the Boston Marathon bombing !! The 8 yr old that passed away was a BOY !!

My heartfelt prayers to the victims and families of Boston Marathon bombing . May grace be with you .

SONEs , lets RT and pray together for the explosion in Boston . Sigh #PrayForBoston

I Need Thee is playing on Pandora , which has me thinking about Boston . #prayingforBoston #beautifulsong

To blame the terrible event that occurred Boston on Obama just because you think he sucks is so wrong on so many levels .

My thoughts and prayers go out to all the runners that took part in the Boston Marathon today , all the spectators

Good evening all ! i want to first set a second and say Lil Mrz Knitz Alot sends prayers out to Boston for

While we wait to learn more about exactly what happened in Boston today , let 's try to love more and hate less . We all

So sad to hear what happened to Boston ! all my prayers for the victims and families #PrayForBoston

Prayers for the people affected by the Boston blasts.hope the culprits are found quickly and justice served #BostonMarathon

Prayers for my hometown of Boston everyone affected from the Marathon bombing ! So Tragic ! #prayforboston #stoptheviolence

Video : Selinsgrove man a Boston Marathon regular

Crazy day todayanother day in my life that I 'll prob never forget where I was when I heard the knewsThinking of you #Boston

My Prayers are with everyone affected by todays tragedy . I love you Boston ! We will get through this ! #Boston #BostonMarathon #Survivors

GRAPHIC pics sorry just want you know about the Boston Tragedy online scams

Boston Marathon : Ethiopia 's Desisa , Kenya 's Jeptoo win in Boston - San Jose Mercury News #Ethiopia

Yeah the Boston Massacre was fucked up I did n't make a joke about it . I

I like how we say pray for boston but we dont pray at all . .

If you 're complaining about something dumb , I want you to take a moment to think about all those in Boston and realize how lucky you are

I get it , you are hurt because some Boston fans laughed at Kobe , but this is another matter . . peoples lives were lost .

Will Crowdsourcing Help Catch the Boston Marathon Bomber ?

#Boston My love , prayers and good vibes !

I just came home from school when I heard about the Boston Marathon.Heart goes out to all the people who were affected #PrayersForBoston

Our hearts go out to Boston . Luxxe - Brentwood

RIP to poeple who died on Boston Marathon . And get well soon to the injured . Very deppressing tragedy . =-LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB-

A view up high of Copley Square no shortage of flashing lights hours after the explosions at the Boston Marathon

Local runners give first hand accounts of explosions in Boston : Local runners give first hand accounts of

Lacing up for Boston tomorrow night . #GameDay #LaceUp #PrayForBoston

Boston bombing and now SS5 dates . Why today so exciting ? : /

Soit looks like Westboro will be picketing in Boston . Let me say this , very loudly : FUCKYOUASSHOLES . #BostonMarathon

Absolutely heartbreaking and humbling images from the Boston Marathon blast -LRB- via Getty Images , some very graphic -RRB- :

Prayers for Boston . Thank God for first responders -- both those whose job it is especially those who take selfles

So angry about what happened in Boston ! Those poor people

yea it makes since to talk bout boston all day #growup I feel for all the familys n ill pray but my life goes on too

O.M.G Photos that the media wo n't show you of the Boston Marathon Bombing #PrayForBoston

Solidarity with #Boston all the way from Bombay

Prayers To The Victims Of The Boston Marathon , It Could Have Been Worse , Thank God For The First Response , Please Watch Over Them Lord !!

Seems very apt for tonight . My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the events in #boston

MT Big Picture collection of Globe photographs from Boston Massacre bombings . Some difficult to view .

So sad plz keep Boston in your prayers !

Hold Barack Hussein Obama accountable 4 Benghazi 4 ; They were as innocent Americans as the ones in Boston

Good night Boston ! Keep not only the city in your prayers , but the whole world . For we all know we need it .

Humans are the biggest predators . We kill our own kind in mass numbers almost everyday ! We need to do something 2 stop the madness ! #boston

When I was in Boston today I dint realize how bad it was until I saw the news #thankful

Explosions in Boston . . I do n't want to live in this world

Heartbroken by the news from Boston . Stay strong and safe #PrayForBoston #BostonMarathon

If the westboro baptist church thinks they are not going to physically get beat down in Boston , they simply do n't know

Our prayers go out to the people of Boston and all the families affected by the events of today .

we are okthe people we know who are in Boston are accounted for , and they accounted for the sailors on the USS Constitution

I needa be in Boston I needa do a few things .

ECE would like to offer our condolences to those who lost loved ones in the tragedy in Boston our prayers to all of the injured . #Faith

I 'm so sorry for everyone in Boston . It 's sad to see people do that for the stupidest reasons #PrayerForBoston

First Boston and now this little girl from Provo . I hope they find her soon .

Praying Helps . . Spiritual Fit Tip . . Pray !!! Last update 3 died and 140 were injured in Boston . Please Pray !!!

We post this with Boston in our thoughts

my heart breaks for Boston today . sending our prayers and love their way . #prayforboston

glad to remember that people made fun of the boston bombing when they got to know about it in school . . #ignorant

Y ! Sports ' details the remarkable outpouring of support from Boston residents for marathon bomb victims

An 8 year old girl died running in the Boston marathon . She was running for her friend who died in sandy hook . Wow . #prayforboston

This boston shit is so messed up . Forreal who would do that

Today was stressful . I ca n't even imagine how stressful it has been for the families and citizens of Boston .

Seemed like as good of a night as any to watch Boondock Saints for first time . Wo n't lie , jacked up with some Boston pride .

I hate that anyone ever felt the need to invent a bomb , gun or any weapon #prayforboston

Today was the first day I thought I could get hurt/killed at work . Thankfully I 'm still alive . And now I hear about Boston . Prayers for all .

What happened in Boston has really hit me and made me realize the petty shit I 've dealt with here is irrelevant ! Mind refocused ! Ready to go

This dude was gon na propose to his girlfriend after she got done with the Boston marathon and she was one of the people to die in it . .

awww larry tweeted about boston , :-LRB-

It 's great to see that in times of tragedy like the Boston Marathon bombing , we as Americans can all come together and

My prayers go out to all the families who lost someone or had somebody injured to in Boston

LOL just watching CNN on the Boston Marathon . First off why is he on ? Second , lmfao for mentioning Wayans

Making a big fuss about Boston while ignoring the fact that that scenery takes place everyday in Palestine , Syria , Pakis

Pray For Boston . All my prayers go out to the families of the victims and the victims themselves .

Must Read The Boston Marathon Bombing : Keep Calm and Carry On - Bruce Schneier - The Atlantic

Damn random ? But anyone else has the song Boston stuck in their head ?

My thoughts and prayers go out to the victims of the Boston Marathon and to their families who need all the support the

bomb in the city of boston is n't as severe as U.S. destroys Iraqso dont panic

Cant believe that happened in Boston today It honestly makes me sick to my stomach

Boston Marathon blasts : Major US cities on alert

Keith Yandle showing his support for Boston . Class act

Does anyone know why the NY Post is reporting 12 dead in Boston , and has all day ?

Hearing about what happened in Boston reminded me about my morning prayer.important that you pray for you and your surroundings everyday

On a bit more serious note , sad to hear bout the Boston bombing , those little kids on marathon :-LRB- sick anyone could do th

Congratulations Pete -LRB- Group Instructor -RRB- on completing the Boston Marathon today in 3:31 . We are proud of you and glad you are safe !

Have seen some of these pictures from #Boston and it 's fucking shocking . Cunts that do this are the lowest of the low . #prayforboston

is it bad that this boston bombing thing didnt take me at all by surprise ?

I strongly condemn the terrorist attack on innocent people of Boston . The culprits should be brought to justice . #prayfor

For the bomber in Boston , have fun in hell champ

My thoughts go out to all in Boston who had to be part of such a catastrophic event . I wish you the best in recovery . #BostonMarathon

Just completed a 5.59 mi run - Run for Boston #RunKeeper

Moment of silence for the victims and the injured in the Boston tradjedy #Boston

Are you sad about The Boston bombs ? I am . :'-LRB- #Iamprayingforboston

GOD Bless the VICTIMS Families of Boston Bombings The RESPONDERS MILITARY . Blessed Be New Old Followers U are appreciated . Nite Waves

RIP to the 3 people who died at the explosion at the Boston marathon today .

Humans are capable of good and bad things . That 's what we saw today . God Bless the second city I call home , Boston .

Dear friends , spread the word to everyonewear purple tmrw for Boston . Show your support ! #PrayForBoston

I 've been freaking out all day because I 'm scared for my family in Boston . To the guy behind all of this , fuck you , you putrid piece of shit

Boston Marathon explosions : hundreds of Oregon runners on hand - Portland Business Journal -LRB- blog -RRB- #oregon

My prayers go out to the people injured in Boston , as well as their families . #whatswrongwithpeople #PrayersForBoston

Report : The number of people injured in Boston Marathon blasts has risen to 144

You go to watch a movie , U get shot . U go to school , U get shot . U run a marathon , U get bombed I hate this world #prayforboston

Look them up and I 'm 100 % you 'll agree with me . They want to picket the Boston Bombing funerals .

Okay . No more tweets on Jaipur or Boston .

should listen to my new new track I just dropped ! #BOA motivated ! And dedicate to #Boston

Such a tragic moment . You 'll never know when its gon na happen . My prayers go out to the victims of Boston Marathon Bombing #PrayersForBoston

Today our thoughts are with the victims of today 's bombing in Boston . Public gatherings and celebrations of life should never be targets .

LOL Boston : got bombed twice today . Israel : Typical morning

so now you 're saying Taylor should be in Boston dying cause she has n't tweeted anything about it ? WELL FUCK YOU

I just watched news on TV.So sad.My thoughts with everyone in Boston #prayforboston

I 'm Boston born and bred . You ca n't take the marathon from me . Game on . #bostonPride

I 'm amazed the Westboro people have n't met with violence yet . If they picket funerals in Boston , I think they might .

My heart is like a raisin right now Boston bombing victims my heart and prayers are with you guys !

People are getting me messed up . Am i suppose to wear red or purple tomorrow ? red for the little girl , but purple for boston . #purposmyfav

Boston Marathon False Flag Attack : Boston Black Flag ! : I just finished spending this evening visiting my #jcot

BOSTON HORROR : LORD HELP US PROTECT OUR AMERICA AND DESTROY OUR VENGEFUL OPPRESSORS !

i thought Kevin Ware leg break was nasty , but seeing some of these pics from Boston today Kevin Ware 's injury nothing compared to that

I could never , ever imagine the feelings the loved ones of the victims of Boston have . #PrayForBoston

Detroit , Ft Hood , Times Sq , Benghazi and now Boston . 1 terrorist attack each year under #ObamaFAIL . Sad

Born in Texas , but my heart was captured by Boston many years ago . That city was attacked by cowards . My heart weeps #prayforboston #justice

But what happened today in Boston is crazy . The world 's too much now . It 's like the violence is non stop . It 's getti

Sending our love to all the runners and citizens of Boston . Our hearts are all with you .

Those who bomb sports events should get burned in hell #prayforboston

Oh my god ! I 've just heard what happened in Boston . . :O

Word of the day : grateful -- what I am after what happen in Boston 3 dead 130 injured !

Boston you all will be in my prayers I 'm so sorry for what happened to you Im a runner and this hits home May God be with you and do justice

So . anyone else hear about the bombing in boston ?

Olympic bomb survivor discusses Boston explosions #news

all my heart and thoughts for Boston . Praying for you . ='-LRB-

Who thinks should donate Parramatta 's 10k fine to the victims of the Boston Marathon ? RT if you agree . Those in

Operation take back Boston is in effect.Ghost rider out #BlueAngels

Might have to fuck around and make #Boston a country lml

Our thoughts , prayers and hope go out to the city of Boston . Sending love and support from the west coast .

Terrorist attacks in Mogadishu and Boston . Observing coverage : 30 dead in Somalia gets few htt

Rihanna cancels show due to illness is trending over Boston on Yahoo . #areyoufuckingkiddingme People are idiots ,

prayers goin out 2 all da people in Boston . . horrific tragedy they suffered 2day

Boston Architectural College will be closed Tuesday , April 16th . Please check the website for the latest

my thoughts and prayers go out to those in Boston everyone dealing with the aftermath . #prayforboston

If you are a Boston Marathon truther , please unfollow me . Have some respect and stop watching Alex Jones/Jesse Ventura .

#Healthcare #Job Research Assistant , Medical Legal Partnership -LRB- Per Diem , Days -RRB- : Boston Med #Massachussets #US

I already prayed , but i 'm about to pray again just for Boston #prayforboston

Prayers go out to all of those affected by the bombing in Boston . Such sad news :-LRB- .

POP QUIZ ! What story will get the most TV coverage ? A. Arizona Shooting B. Colorado Shooting C. Sandy Hook D. Boston Marathon E. Benghazi

President Aquiono personally conveys a message of deep sympathy , concern , and solidarity with the people of Boston - Palace

What happened in Boston seriously broke my heart . #prayforboston

i wonder what creative way the #NRA will claim the use the assault rifles will prevent bombs in the future #Boston

What has this world come to now shooting schools to bombing a marathon #Boston

Best wishes to the injured victims of the cowardly attack in Boston . Let 's ensure that whoever did this will pay for this .

All my thoughts and prayers to those in Boston

Boston Marathon Bombing : Boy aged EIGHT among three dead in Boston Marathon bombings that have left another 144

Mayor Kasim Reed releases a statement on the tragic events today in Boston -

Will Obama try to exploit the Boston Bombing the same way he exploited the Sandy Hook children ?

Those mutha fucka 's responsible for the tragic event in Boston , when found , should be tortured a slow , painful death

County Responds to Boston Marathon Bombing : ` If You See Something , Say Something ' : Patch Centreville , VA -- The . .

thoughts and prayers to those affected by the Boston Marathon bombings . #prayforboston

Local statements regarding Boston Marathon explosions : Las Vegas , NV -LRB- KTNV -RRB- -- The Nevada Departmen #henderson

More empty words for the Boston victims!Just like you took care of Fort Hood victims , Benghazi ! Stop the lies !

I am proud to be an EMT , if duty calls me as it did today for the firefighters EMTs police of Boston then I too will serve til the end .

When I think about the amount of races that I have worked what happened today in Boston hits close to home . No one deserves this .

When will the next tragedy be the last ? Sending my love and thoughts to the people of Boston #prayforboston

Horrified with the Boston Marathon tragedylove to visit your city , history and people . You are in my thoughts .

Sad to hear about the Boston blastshould n't be happening in this day and age

The comments on Boston bombing articles are pretty disturbing . Ca n't we put politics aside for 5 minutes in light of a tragedy ? PLEASE .

I bet half the people who said prayers for Boston , wo n't even pray .

Two explosions near finish line of Boston Marathon - witnesses - Yahoo! News Maktoob via

People who are blaming the Government for the Boston bombing really need to reevaluate their life .

I feel a stronger bond with Boston after today . Just landed at Logan . Feels more like landing at home than ever before .

Wonder if aliens attacked Boston ??!! 0.o

Our thoughts , prayers and love are with Boston . #PrayforBoston

Glad to know all friends are safe in #Boston

My uncle ran the Boston marathon today and luckily finished in 3:20 . What a blessing that he ran fast today . Thoughts to all those there . .

JoePerry : Sending out prayers to everyone in Boston and our Blue Army . Deepest sympathies to those who lost fa

MT The Big Picture collection of Globe photos fr Boston Massacre bombings . Some are difficult to view .

heard some people 's first response to hearing about #Boston bombs was to call their broker with instructions . #differentworldtomine

It makes me so sad to see all of the Pray for Boston pictures . Especially the one about the little girl running for the San

Boston marathon explosion could reshape security at Illinois events - Chicago Tribune

This joke deader than the dead niggas at the finish line TL deader than the Boston marathon

Step aside the Boston police will fine the terrorist Do n't try #orm

Patton Oswald has the words . Thank you ! #boston

Runners in the Boston Marathon continue running to the hospital to give blood after the finish line . . #Legendary #BostonMarathon

Thoughts are with those affected by the horrific acts in Boston today .

My heart and prayers go out to the families of the 3 ppl who died in the Boston explosion , and to those who are injured #prayforboston

Will Obama use the Boston Bombing to attempt to take away more American rights in the name of security and safety ?

Wish people would stop threatening the bomber with the wrath of Boston . Let 's focus our energy on supporting each other #NotWhatBostonsAbout

People keep posting a picture and saying the girl died at the Boston marathon today . They have n't even released names of those who died

Heart and prayers are with all those in Boston !!!!!!

The feelings of shock , sadness , and rage at the senseless Boston bombings are still raw for me , and for many .

watching the video on the boston bombing . . and i saw singapore flag ! this mrathon represent 96 nation !

My thoughts are with the good people of Boston tonight . I 've visited several times . It 's a warm , welcoming city . They do

Did #Revolution get shit canned tonight cause of the Boston Bombings ? I know there had been bombings shit going on in the show recently .

So what does Obama being president have to do with the Boston bombings ? Ignorant people , I tell you .

My thoughts are in Boston tonight . I hope all you lovely followers are well . My hat 's off to every single person stepping up to help .

The only thing you could do is pray for the people at Boston . Damn .

We 're honesty so blessed . My prayers go out to everyone involved in the Boston marathon . It breaks my heart .

Fuckin terrorists settin off bombs in Boston

Taking night off from all other twitter issues - but Boston - heartbroken - and fighting back against the terror

Our hearts go out to victims and family members of the Boston Marathon incident . It is a very sad day for the running

Prayers out for the Boston victims ! Just awful

God Bless you and all those in Boston today

Praying for all the people that were in the boston explosions #prayforboston

Thanks for the love tonight Dolls . Make sure pray for Boston before bed . Have a safe night kiddos xoxo !

Our hearts go out to those affected by the events in Boston today !

What is this world coming to ? RIP to the victims in Boston .

I hope whoever set off those bombs in Boston gets medieval mace shoved up his/her ass

You here about the events that happened in boston ?

She lives in Boston . I had someone text her . She answered the text

The bombings in Boston are just heart wrenchingI know 3 amazing people that finished the race.It is

Time : President Obama Offers Cautious Response to Boston Bomb Blasts

What a sad day in Boston . Lucky to be safe along with many others nearby , and praying for those not as fortunate . Not much more I can say .

How about instead of praying for the victims in Boston you actually do something that makes a difference

R.I.P. to the innocent little boy who lost his life today at the Boston Marathon . #PrayForBoston

Our deepest thoughts and prayers are with all those effected by the tragic events that occurred in Boston todayhttp

Boston on high alert after marathon bombing kills 3 , injures scores this has 2 stop . Prayers going up .

Tonight : at least three dead , more than 144 injured , hotels near Copley Square on lockdown , many things in Boston will be clo

Lots of love headed from NY to Boston :

Soo they are blaming it on muslims . Well done A ** holes well done . #BostonExplosion #Boston

The thoughts and prayers of the entire Second Alpha team go out to the victims in Boston . #prayerforboston

So sad to see all the injuries in Boston.Thoughts and prayers to everyone .

Got Pictures or Videos Before and/or During the Bombing 1-800-CALL-FBI | #Boston #BostonBombing #MSNBC #p2b #TLOT #TCO

I just ca n't get over the whole Boston incident :'-LRB- so sad .

Stop the lies and innuendo . Report : Authorities Detain Saudi National as Suspect in Boston Bombing

prayin for the victims at the boston marathon bombing . .

What happened at the Boston Marathon was severely brutal ! They killed an innocent 8 year old ! How do you live with yourself ?

What happened in Boston is so tragic the fact one of those who died was an 8 yr old running for Sandy Hook victims makes it

Prayers to everyone affected by the tragedy at Boston .

That Boston marathon tragedy really shocked me wtf is wrong with this world ?

If you truly wish the best for the ppl of Boston , pray for them before you lay your head down tonight . Do n't just tweet it . #TrustGod

Our hearts and prayers go out to those who were injured or lost their lives in Boston today !

i offer my sympathies to the victims of the recent bombing as well as their families . may justice be served #prayforboston

R To all CHC members friends studying , working or living in Boston , God 's love peace is upon you . Prayi

At 12:54 there was an explosion here at the finish line of the Boston Marathon . Area being evacuated .

Knp ada tentara ? = Army Troops Boston Fire Dept at Scene BEFORE Explosions . #PrayForBoston

Wrenching photos from Boston today

A friend is still waiting to hear from her friend that ran the marathon . His cell was answered by someone who found it mile away . #Boston

Wear your race shirts tomorrow in support of Boston #BostonMarathon #prayforboston

I have nothing age appropriate to say about the violence in Boston today It makes me sick to think about all

Thinking of everyone in Boston!Hoping for a fast recovery of the injured and thinking of the families of the people who passed away - KjKate

Prayers to the people of Boston , God bless you and God Bless the USA , The cowards who did this will never win !

Boston Marathon terror attack : Death toll rises to three , dozens injured in two explosions -LRB- with video -RRB-

What a complete waste of life , one of the dead was sadly just 8 years old . Heartbreaking #Boston

FBI and Boston police want info from witnesses . 1-800-CALL-FBI -LRB- 1-800-225-5324 -RRB- , prompt # 3 No piece of information or detail is too small

Any more proof its an inside job ? Boston bomb squad does training on the same day .

More on the Revere , Mass. police activity from the Boston Herald :

Let 's pray for world peace ! Shocked by what happened in Boston .

My thoughts and prayers go out to the victims , friends , and families of the Boston people at this time , I pray

shes partially right but some r caring bout wht hppned to boston like myslf

my first tweet goes out to Boston and everyone affected by this awful event . you are all in my prayers . #prayforboston

Happy to say all my friends family are SAFE #afewpanicattackslater #terribleday #exhausted #bedtime #Boston #lovethatdirtywater

The real cause of the bombing in Boston ! / / t.co / A54SDKszZX

The running community has always been awesome to my family and I. I feel closer to you all tonight . Stay safe . #Boston

Just want to say if you 're from Boston or near there keep safe and we are praying for you . #prayforboston

Ode found some crazy evidence about the Boston bombing .

It 's true that #Boston is the strongest , most loyal , devoted , proud , and united city . Prayers . Boston will get through this #bostonmarathon

Thankfully all Anselmians are being reported safe . May God watch over those in Boston !

God is watching over a lot of people in Boston right now . So glad that a lot of people were saved but its awful what happened . #prayforboston

Doctors amputate limbs after Boston blasts : The full horror of Monday 's bomb attacks in Boston was #sanantonio

Praying for the people in Boston ; may God give them Grace Mercy

God bless America . God bless Boston #PrayForBoston

Thanks to our CFL donors for enabling us to fulfill a Boston hospital 's request for platelets . #bostonmarathon

Sad about wat happened in Boston #prayforboston but glad 2 know 1 of our SPS running is ok!He was raising awareness and this had to happen !

Pls let me know , if anyone needs help/assistance in Boston . Pls RT !

All Boston policemen 's days off have been cancelled are to work twelve hour days until further notice . #godblessbpd #prayforboston

I know Boston is n't technically my home , but fuck it , anyone from Massachusetts can call it home today

Our Heart and Prayer 's goes out to Boston !

The satanic shithole can see everything because of electron thuggery , therefore it could have prevented the Boston bombs , so it did it .

I 'm so sad about the little girl passing away during the bomb in Boston .

Bought this tshirt sweatshirt when my mom I were in #boston on Saturday . Never been more appropriate to wear .

Hammers , today our nation was attacked Boston may be in Massachusetts , but the earth beneath it is sovereign

Those pics of dead people and people missing limbs from Boston today are HORRIBLE

Praying for all the families affected in Boston . 3 all our love goes out to you !

VS12 from Boston is delayed for 24 hours . Why ca n't I check in online ?

I wrote this 1 night after thinking abt 9/11 . Same thoughts keep stirring when reflecting on Boston/Iraq/Afghanistan .

Our thoughts go out to all those affected by the horrific acts in Boston today

I ca n't believe you bitches are complaining about your life right now after what happened in Boston .

Prayers are with the people of Boston . Very proud to see Soldiers in the middle of this tragedy helping out the victims . Go Army !

Boston wouldnt care if new york got bombed deadass

Seeing all the photos of people helping people in Boston Marathon tragedy proves that even though there is some evil , there 's a lot of good !

My prayers and thoughts go out for #Boston .

3 Our Love Prayers go out to Everyone in Boston tonight 3

MIERDA EN BOSTON HUBO MUERTOS

Upset about the Boston bombings . Going to bed now .

We did it for Boston ! Mrs. Fields dodgeball team advances to second round of playoffs !! #startedfromthebottomnowwehere

Breaking News : #Texarkana ArkLaTex runners ' accounts of Boston Marathon bombing - KSLA

RT10 : 43 pm via Twitter for iPad Only on radio for one hour tomorrow . Will discuss Boston at 8 am .

Goodnight everyone . Those affected by the tragedy in Boston will be in my prayers . Be thankful to be healthy and with those you love . Peace

Just confirmed : all of us from Olympia Coffee that were in Boston for SCAA have safely arrived home . Thanks for you

Sorry for this rant but I could post a picture of a baby and say they died in Boston today and you people would retweet cuz ur dumb as fuck

Its soo crazy what happened in Boston today . I 'll remember to keep them in my prayers tonight . #PrayersForBoston #Prayforboston

these fake stories for the Boston Marathon victims ' photos are pissing me off .

One final birthday shout out to my favorite Boston baby praying like crazy for your city , love you forever .

I 've lost all hope for humanity . Please pray for Boston . This world is tearing apart . . it 's one thing after another #PrayForBoston

Many hotels here in Boston are doing security checks upon entrance . Sadly reminiscent of New York after 9/11 attacks

I can not believe the madness in Boston What kind of world are we now living in ?

Stay strong Boston ! X Sending love to the injured ones and those who have lost their lives . #PrayForBoston #GodBlessBoston

I cant see any more of those photos about what happened in Boston . Ill just cry . #SoSad

alright i 'm going to sleep now . praying a lot for boston

So unreal what happened today in Boston . It 's hard to believe that some people can be that disgusting . #runforboston

Love Prayer for the people of boston . . god bless them . :-RRB-

I 'm wearing all Boston tomorrow !

OMG now bomb explosion in the US #prayforboston this is really no joke

#WestboroBaptistChurch plans to picket funerals of bomb victims . WBC , this is Boston . Seriously , rethink that shit .

RIP to the people who died in BOSTON Bomblast #RIP

boston will always be my city and i know that we will recover . we have so many people behind us + even without them , boston is fuckin badass

i still dont know what exactly happened in boston

God bless the people of Boston and the marathon runners as you deal with the aftermath of today 's tragedy .

Ok . No more tweets on Boston firework mishap .

This girl just said pray for Kobe or pray for Boston ? I can slap you now . #AttentionSeekingWhore

Goodnight , my thoughts and prayers are with #Boston , stay strong !

I am so grateful that many of my loved ones and friends who were at the Boston Marathon today are safe .

WHO SAID BOSTON PEOPLE IS DEAD ? IM STILL ALIVE AND FIGHTING FOR BOSTON !

3 people died in Boston and they made a big fuss of it , an act of terrosist say who ?

As you go to bed tonight , be sure to say a prayer for all who were hurt or lost loved ones in Boston today . #prayforboston

Our HEARtS and prayers go out to the victims in Boston . We love you guys !

Bad day for the city of Boston . . Boston Marathon is such a great event too

Woman records first explosion in Boston

We dedicate our Facebook wall today to all of the people in Boston and the marathon .

Wear purple tomorrow for Boston people

Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in Boston today . Senseless violence .

I wish that these senseless killings would stop . I wish people could agree to disagree , and move on . The Boston tragedy is heavy on my mind .

My thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected by the Boston boombing . Prayers coming your way .

wear red tomorrow in order to pay respect to those in the Boston bombing . #prayforboston #bostonmarathon #godblessboston

Another tragic day my thoughts and prayers with #boston #bostonmarathon #bostonmarathon #explosion

Everyones acting normal . . Boston was bombed . Boston not Texas or Cali , Boston . Our home . These tragedies are getting closer . #prayforboston

The Boston Marathon explosions : What we know so far - Yahoo! News via

Leave Europe today . Checked on friends in Boston . 2 blocks from bombs . Did clinic there 2 weeks ago . Chantin

Wow still ca n't believe the bombing in Boston . #bostonmarathon #hometown

My thoughts with everyone in Boston . Senseless violence .

This whole Boston Marathon fiasco has me floored . The amount of idiocy the masses drip is insulting . Please , just stop . #PrayForBoston

They are in my Prayers as well tonight as we all Prayer for the victims of Boston bombing . May God be with all of you .

It wo n't be much , but I will donate all profits from prints for month of April to Boston victims . So if you want to bu

A virtual flagpole has been erected . Boston Pels , please report and state your name and safety or needs . #pelsreportt

After # 911 , I was frightened . After #Boston I 'm very , very mad - lone wolf or organized - its terror - civilization will prevail

Police are everywhere but the streets are calm in Boston tonight

Woke up to news of the Boston blasts . Shocked would be an understatement .

Thanks for sharing , Julie . If you love Boston , you 'll love this as well :

I most definitely will run Boston after I graduate . An idiot with a couple of bombs is n't going to scare me out of it . #

One-Legged Runner Finds Kindness While Training For Boston Marathon

good luck for me to go to boston . . #marathon #explosion

Social media response to Boston Marathon bombings | Video | -

The #Rays get out of Boston after bombs explode near the marathon finish line :

I bet youve all heard about what happened in boston today , and i just want to say my heart goes out to all the families of the dead .

Bombs go off and kill children every day in the middle east , humans just as innocent as that 8 year old girl that died in Boston

I see people 's point saying to pray instead of tweeting for Boston , but there 's nothin wrong w/getting the word out for

We do n't always understand God 's ways and I do n't think we ever will . We should all find a quite place and voice a prayer for Boston .

Westboro Baptist is going to raise cane at the Boston Marathon blast site . These people are nuts .

I liked a video from LIVE BOSTON MARATHON EXPLOSION !!!

Finally heard back from everyone I know that was there today . My heart is heavy for the city of Boston all of the victims . . God bless you

I hope the coward who bombed Boston is put to justice but never named , so he does n't get the satisfaction of being remembered #PrayForBoston

found edible food ! Nicer hotel ! Sad about Boston

I love Boston . That 's all I can say . Good night .

Chambly Can you put it in Montreal terms ? For the uninitiated , Boston : Revere : : Washington D.C. : Wheaton

Thoughts and prayers are with my favorite city tonight , Boston , MA . #prayforboston

Boston Marathon blasts a sign of terrorism rebounding ? - Firstpost : ABC NewsBoston Marathon blasts a sign of t

All runners : wear your race # , medal , race bib , tshirttomorrow from any race you run in honor of Boston #BostonMarathon

12 Examples of People Being Awesome After the Boston Marathon Attack

Solo tengo algo q decir por lo de la maraton de Boston , que malditos e hijos de PU . . It 's the end of the world as we know it ? #onlygodknows

It 's been a long , hard day . I lived in Boston for a while , went to bartending school there , went and sat in

#redditrending r/WTF : A Runner 's Footage of the Boston Marathon Explosion by / u/jbomble -LRB- 24 mins . old -RRB-

2nd podcast went well but I was terribly saddened to see some pics of the carnage that took place today in Boston . #prayforboston

Cleaning up from a tornado , nasty sunburn , the news from Boston and a loss . Tough day . Time for bed . Tomorrow will be better .

I send my deepest sympathy , and prayers to everyone affected by this horrible tragedy in boston , Our hearts go h

Mental health love in this world are what I wish . #BigDreams #Boston

The Pacers / Boston game has been cancelled by the NBA . This is the first time in league history all teams do no play the same # of games .

My thoughts and condolences going out to Boston today as well as anyone affected by this attack .

My condolences and best wishes to those affected in Boston . #bostonmarathon

Boston will always be my one true home . Love ya bean town 3

You know what you 're thinking about Boston attack ! #kjrs #tcot #tlot #teaparty

Instead of thinking of all these conspiracy theories how about you just hope that the people hurt in boston recover .

Yesterday 's tragedy in Boston is heartbreaking ! its also a stark reminder that we are still at war -- no amount of drone will change that .

#prayforboston boston you are in our thoughts tonight . Boston bombing . Hope everyone ends up in safe and in good conditions soon . 3

My thoughts and prayers go out to Boston !! God Bless !!

We living in hell man . Boston will be in my thoughts .

Lupica : Boston Marathon bombs show they want us to run scared

The true Boston : Hundreds hundreds of families offering beds transportation for those impacted #BostonMarathon

Our hearts go out to all those who were completing their goals and dreams today in Boston only to be sidelined by cowards . Stay strong !!!

Boston Marathon bombings could mean more Derby Festival security : The deadly explosions at the Bost #lexington

When praying for those in Boston , do n't forget to also pray that the person -LRB- s -RRB- responsible get caught and brought to justice ! #RT

Prayers go out to all the people who lost there Loved ones during the Boston Massacre !!!!!

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all those impacted by the tragedy in Boston .

#Bombs Took all day 4 Officials 2 Admit their were BOMBS Deadly bombs rock Boston marathon - TerrorAttck

Google Person Finder Activated After Boston Marathon Blast

Our #love and thoughts go to those affected by today 's events in Boston .

Do n't pray for Boston PRAY FOR EVERYONE

Omg I just want to watch sportscenter get this Boston stuff off

Love this ! RT : A message from New York to Boston projected on Brooklyn Academy of Music

the Boston murder count went upits over 140 -LRB- so horrible -RRB-

It is truly sad about what happened in Boston smh #prayforboston

I added a video to a playlist Another media coincidence before a tragic event - Family Guy - Boston

God will punish the Bombers of the Boston Marathon even if National Security does n't catch them #BostonMarathon !!!

The bombings in Boston put North Korean threats in perspective . No one cares .

After watching Olympus Has Fallen , this Boston incident is scary af !!

Glad to be safe and sound in Winnipeg . My heart goes out to Boston tonight . Hotel Winnipeg Downtown -RRB-

Watching video of the explosions at the Boston Marathon legit make me want to cry . Are we safe anywhere ? #prayforboston

Jesus we need you to help those in Boston #PrayForBoston

So on April 15 Lincoln died , the Titanic sunk , the Boston bombing , tax day and to top it off the day I was born . CHEERS TO A GREAT DAY !

God Bless the city of Boston those who experienced this tragedyBeantownWE LOVE YOU ! #SaluteBoston #PrayForBoston # 4evaInOurHearts

That little girl that everyone said died did n't run the Boston marathon she ran the joe cassella race as it says on her number

I feel such sadness and heartache for those affected by the bombing in #Boston

#prayforboston R.I.P for all of them who have died in the boston blastings :-LRB- #BostonMarothon

Prayers to those who were affected in Boston . May those who were affected have full recovery . #prayforboston

Just crazy what happened in Boston today . Prayers go out to all .

STUPID FUCKERS . TEHYRE GOIG TO BOSTON UGH ,

Met #marathon runner at the #hilton in elevator tonight here in Boston . She 's from #Buffalo . Tough day , I said . She jus

My heart goes to people who lost their loved ones and those hurt by the BOSTON bomb explosions #prayforboston #

What exactly happened in Boston who bomb what

Another WTF moment brought to you by someone insane . Yes , we love you Boston , even the

Terror at the Boston Marathon Photojournalism at its bestWarning : graphic images . . via

Very sad to hear about the situation in Boston . Our thoughts go out to everyone who was affected by this horrible event .

Just saw someone say the bombing in Boston as a result of bible/prayer not being allowed in public schools . #bewildered

Praying 4 the injured n recently departed in Boston Marathon tragedy #FuckTheWorld #staystrong

Okay , can everyone stop posting these photos off the victims who suffered losses in Boston . Pray for them let them m

The only injuries you should see at a running event are blisters and muscles aches . Our thoughts are with you , runners supporters #Boston

` Heroic ' acts shine light on #Boston tragedy .

Our hearts and prayers go out to all those affected by what happened in Boston today .

My condolences to loved ones of the injured and deceased in Boston . This is one of the many reasons I 'm a pacifist . What would Ghandi say ?

The image of the beast has been bombed Boston in America the question is who and why?another propaganda !!

Yall pray for boston its just a bad time for them my prayer n love goes out to dem #repost #prayforboston

My #prayers are with the victims , their families , the 1st responders at the scene of the #Boston #Marathon

My prayers go out to the family 's in Boston

To who ever committed these acts in Boston when you are caught they should place you in room with the families of victims and leave .

who cares?there are nore important things tonightslike what happened in Boston .

7 : Thankful for having my family safe and sound . Kiss them every night . Prayers go out to Boston . It 's a sad day for America .

Videos runners and spectators took of the explosion are being released now This whole thing is just unbelievable . #boston #RIP #pray

Wear red to show respect for Boston tomorrow #prayforboston

Who the fuck cares about Boston , worse happens everyday other places . . The US has it easy .

Pray for Boston !! And pray for our children !

thankful god was looking out on my aunt and uncle today who were at the boston marathon . my prayers go out to everyone affected .

Pray for the Boston Bombing the boy 's family who died in a drunk driving accident in San Antonio . The world nee

I thought he was from Boston . He worked for Tip O'Neill , right ?

I added a video to a playlist Boston Marathon Bombing . . Admitted Training and Bomb Sniffing Dogs All

#FoxNews continues to falsely report on ball bearings . just interviewed surgeon who said shrapnel was ambient stuff , stands #Boston

Pray for #Boston One of The Most Recognized City 's In America

Heard the sad news about the bombing in Boston.I hope your family is okay taec :-LRB-

What 's happen with Boston and Boston Marathon ?

Events today at Boston have very sickening , how can people do this to their fellow human beings :-LRB- . #bostonmarathon

The idea that the bombings happened , it was so close to my mom 's overnight hotel , makes me sick ! Glad she was home

I 'm from Argentina . My thoughts are in #Boston

The tennis academy and halfway house in Infinite Jest are located in suburban Boston . #BostonPopCulture

Although none my friends got hurt from Boston 's marathon , #prayforboston

Damn Hella ppl legs and feet was laying around n shit at the Boston bombing Fuck naw Smh

Good evening Nurse Keri . My prayers are with the wounded in Boston tonight .

was really upset that the did n't do something tonight seeing as a lot of you guys are from the Boston area #PrayForBoston

My thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected by the bombing violence in Boston .

The government deff did it This Boston shit I do n't even care

Touching story : Meet Carlos Arredondo , the cowboy hat-wearing hero of the Boston Marathon bombing

if it is random like cell phones then its probably because of that thing at the Boston marathon just figured I 'd answer ur ?

Hey #Boston who else had # A #Blast after the #Marathon #Today

Oh man . I live in Winthrop . We 're bordered by Boston to the west -LRB- yes that 's correct -RRB- Revere to the north .

and the fact that her bib says 5k not Boston marathon

Prayers for Boston and everyone who has been touched by todays tragic events

What happened in Boston today goes to show that life is fragile and that we all need to be more grateful for life . Anything

I hope they find those responsible for this Boston massacre and string them by their balls and let them be stoned to deat

Set de fotos : ro-man-ti-cist : Examples of overwhelming kindness following the Boston Marathon explosions .

To all my peeps in Boston , I know we have been rivals in sports but we put that aside . You r in our hearts prayers

Its upsetting that a positive human act can be targeted in such a cowardly manner #bostonmarathon #Boston

The fake facebook stories and twitter donations about the Boston bombing make me sick . People will do ANYTHING for attention .

I dont know how many times ive seen that post about the guy who wanted to propose to that his girlfriend in boston .

You sniped at another conserv b/c Boston is ur hometown . That 's an attack .

Our prayers go to all the injured and families in Boston . May God comfort , console every heart that are in deep

For Boston : My prayers for the deceased and the injured . You are hero 's that have prompted the World to realise routine

Pray for those in Boston tonight and the rest of this week .

to do with the tragedy in Boston today . All I could do is shake my head and wonder why I got on Facebook and subjected myself to stupidity

While everyone is praying for those in Boston , lets not forget the 37 killed and 140 injured in Iraq today after an expl

Yes , Boston marathon celebrates human endurance , determination drive . Completely apolitical . It was not Washington DC or New York

Photoset : woahitsbecky : usatodaysports : Examples of overwhelming kindness following the Boston Marathon

I liked a video Boston Bombing 04/15/2013

My thoughts to all those in Boston xx

Hi Richard , I work at BBC WM - could we talk to you after Boston Marathon explosions please if possible ? Thanks , S

how exactly does the boston bombings have to do with gay rights ? God could have stopped it when the law was first passed why now ?

My thoughts and prayers for those victims in the Boston Marathon in the USA . Spread love , hope , and faith .

## BOSTON !!! Thats where we #STARTED ' Thats where we

Glad you are still able to do reporting in Boston despite the Colorado trial !

Top news : Boston marathonBoston marathonTerrorismMore about Boston marathonJustin Bieber wishes Anne Frank was a beli

We live in a f ** ed up worldOn days like days I find my little problems insignificant #boston

To all #Anonymous : please lets keep our eyes wide open for any clue on this senseless and COWARD ATTACK #Boston

Praying for all the people that have been affected in Boston . #PrayForBoston #GodBless

Tons of support for Boston all around the country tonight . Here are some of the highlights around sports -

yes lol that shit in boston . that was us pah sack

I hope PPL will still watch STID despite what 's happening in Syria and now in Boston

just found out the incident during the Boston marathon . .

Surreal meeting the charming #DavidBurtka at #PointGala celebrating the best of humanity , while Boston experienced the worst .

I 'm going to call it a nite , too many strong images of today 's tragedy in Boston being posted , my heart ca n't take it ! #prayforBoston / 3

Mass Casualty Mobile Tablet Deployed For Use In Boston Marathon 3 days In Advance - via

To the cowardly bastard that bombed Boston today - we will find you and may God have mercy on you , because He 's the only one who 'll give it .

instead of just tweeting pray for Boston , actually pray . God does n't answer tweets . #PrayForBoston

As we pray for families affected by the Boston bombings , remember to pray for the families of the victims from the VT shootings #neverforget

The horrible images of injuries from the Boston Marathon will stick for awhile , but so will the ones of people rushing headfirst to help .

Wild with Boston marathon explosions . # god bless

If you are in Boston and need a place to stay this Google Doc will help

I feel really bad about Boston . Ca n't stop thinking about it , so unfortunate . This makes me regret not joining the military .

Cartoon of the day Posted ! ` boston ' #Cartoons #boston #crime #war on terror #boston marathon

bombs going off in middle east everyday . no one gives a rat 's ass . bombs go off in boston suddenl

Each life lost anywhere is regrettable especially one that involves children . Our hearts goes to the victims of Boston Massachusetts .

RIP the three people who lost their lives in Boston . . hoping the doctors can save those in critical condition . My condolences for the losses .

We 're all sitting here praying for a snow day . People in Boston are praying that their loved ones are going to be safe .

#boston Some ran straight to Mass Gen Hospital to give blood after crossing the finish line . . Humanity ca n't be dented by

Praying for my cousin , BPD , national guard , and other men and women serving tonight in Boston to keep my city safe #comehomesafe #thankyou

Some of yall tweet some dumb shitI Just read someones tweet that said fuck what happen in Boston they need some abortion money smdh

While I am sympathetic for Boston these kinds of bombings and such happen all over the world daily #WeneedJesus #WorldMissions #Godisgreater

Our prayers thoughts are with those suffered a huge tragedy in Boston !

My heart goes out to all those affected in Boston Marathon.May God give them the strength to deal with this .

Front page of tomorrow 's Boston Globe

My families ' thoughts prayers go out to Boston and all families affected by the senseless tragedy that occurred at today 's race .

Mayday , mayday , Boston has Fallen , Boston has Fallen !

Crazy people in Boston . Obama does n't call it terrorism . He is the crazy one . Watch out for him .

I liked a video from The Boston Bomb Tragedy .

#prayforboston rip but big deal only 3 people , just yesterday 18 people died from a car bomb EVERYDAY

Sending much needed Prayers to Boston !

Now watch America blame this Boston bombing on north Korea so we can go to war with them #Conspiracy smh

Nat Shupe Done with the news social media for the day . . Prayers are with all in Boston after this horrific terrorist attack .

Seems wrong to happily go about life when others are suffering . Wishes to those affected in Boston .

Who blows up a marathon ?!!? How can you be so callous ?? My thoughts and sympathies are with the families of the affect

I pray to God what happened in Boston does n't happen in my city . My thoughts and prayers go out to the families of t

DUNIA - Polisi Boston Kenali Ciri-ciri Tersangka ? #IM

Terrible news coming out of Boston . Condolences to the families of those killed and maimed

Boston Marathon Explosion -LRB- Public Service Announcement -RRB- : | #prayforboston | RETWEET D :

How about u leave them alone ? To my colleague who will track down family of 8 yr-old in Boston : it 's the

#Boston This is one of those painful tragic times when the camera may end up the route to justice . Sad day

wtf happened in boston?can ' t believe itprayers for the victims xo

Dear Boston , We understand . You will always have our hope , support , and prayers . No one deserves it . And we know from experience.Love OKC

My prayers go out to the victims of the Boston bombing and their families . May the soul of those who perished rest in peace .

Tragic happened today , my prayers goes out to the families in Boston . May those people rest in peace . Oh Lord , I pray for forgiveness .

Long , rambling thoughts on the Boston Marathon

My heart is aching for all affected by today 's asinine , senseless , tragic acts . Praying for you Boston .

Im kind of thinking that the bombing in Boston is only the beginning .

In Dec. 2011 , I spent a few days in Boston for a work trip . Aesthetically , the city did n't impress me . But the closeness , accessibility

I just do n't know what to tweet sorry I 've been lacking but today 's just been a bad day with all that Boston stuff everything else

This world is so ugly sometimes . Praying for the boston victims .

Bout to pass out hopefully I wake up to that asshole in Boston getting caught .

Police have left the apartment in Revere , per the Boston Globe :

Me and my aunt trying to take a trip to visit Boston but airfare is so high nowadays , cant remember them being this high when i was younger

And this is the perfect time to talk about this . but continue to fake care about the people in Boston , I 'll let you be great .

Hope the Boston Marathon runners r ok , , , , ,

R.I.P to all of the people who died in Boston its so sad to think the people where running a marathon t raise money for charity but died

Scratch that , praying for Boston , Iraq who had 20 bombs set off today and for the 29 that died in Somalia #prayfortheworld

Children should be reassured . So should friends family in Boston . But most of us should be thinking about how we might stop this next time

Wake Up ! Hold Barack Hussein Obama accountable 4 Benghazi 4 ; They were as innocent Americans as the ones in Boston

Grateful for all the #Love shown towards me today . I never take for granted all the wonderful people in my life . My heart goes out to Boston

why should we care about the niggas in Boston , is the niggas in Boston caring a bout us

KANSAS CITY NOW ON HIGH ALERT !!! BOSTON MARATHON BOMBING RAISES KANSAS CITY SECURITY LEVELS !!! : Kansas City se

Manistee teacher Marcy Huber ran in the Boston Marathon on Monday and crossed the finish line about 15 minutes

Wow ! What a day?All memories return of 911 . Still trying to grasp what a shocker it is . #Boston thinking of all of U there .

terror attack in boston 3 dead . . real stuff

Boston is a great fucking town , tragic man

Boston Marathon explosions : Google sets up Person Finder to aid search | NDTV Gadgets via

sad day , all prayers tonight are for the people of Boston .

Hoping everyone 's okay at the Boston Marathon .

Keep Spirit for all people was injured and also died by boston explosion.May God Bless Them . #prayforboston

A not so good morning , 3 killed and over 100 's of people injured in boston marathon blast . Pray for the deceased and injured .

Prayers and condolences to the Boston Marathon spectators and participants .

Live streaming camera at the Boston Marathon finish line still going . Eerily quiet and empty - looks like a war zone . h

like all your fans , I do n't think I can go to bed tonight until I hear your deep insight on the boston bombing today

Police investigating blasts near Boston Marathon are searching apartment in - Washington Post : TIMEPolice

Justin Bieber hopes that the people responsible for the Boston Marathon bombs were Beliebers , too .

#prayforboston what kind of sick minded person would want to do something like that ? Boston you are in my prayers

Jackie 's lasting impact not lost on Rays : BOSTON -- The Rays wore No. 42 in Boston on Monday in honor of Jacki

Prayers out to the people from Boston And to whoever did that I swear you 'll pay #justsaying #USA

Heartbroken for Boston . This is n't the same world I grew up in .

Also in the morning Boston Globe tweeted that there will be an explosion in the Library as part of a drill . . lo behold . . a real blast !!

Boston Marathon - real sad . Hope they get to the bottom of this soon .

Firstpost editor lists out three things Boston got right after the blasts , and what India can learn

BBC News - #Boston #Marathon hit by deadly twin explosions

fil relieved wen my friend txtd me she 's ok.She 's one of the participant in Boston Marathon.Gud thing she 's at the last line

It 's horrible to hear about Boston , only 3 had lost their lives but still . . its relieving its not the whole city

S/O to tha Boston marathon

I have the feeling that today 's Boston marathon explosion was somewhat of a terrorist attack . #notsure #prayingfortheoneinvolved

Good Night John Boy . PRAYING for the victims families of the Boston Marathon TERRORIST ATTACK , and for the Peace an

Post Boston Marathon bombing looters stealing marathon jackets , while others are just feet away critically inju

Prayers Going Out To Boston Tonight I Couldnt Imagine Being In Their Shoes . GOODNIGHT

Boston incident there are going to be many stories and Hollywood is going to pen the story and become filthy rich off of it . .

I am sure if the Boston police are half as good as the CSI las vegas , miami , New York and NCIS they 'll catch the bastards that did this !

For Boston , let 's all wear a race t-shirt tomorrow ! Let 's run !!

Tonight 's prayer will consist of the terrible tragedy that happened in Boston and the people it involved .

So now there are 3 dead from the bombs in Boston ? Damn

I 'm pretty sure Terrorists from the Middle East did n't cause the bombings in Bostonbut hey ignorance is a bliss

Thoughts and prayers to all those affected in and by the horror in Boston .

I feel like Sandy Hook , Boston Marathon , etc is only the beginning to a lot of upcoming violence in the US unfortunately .

Ca n't even imagine trying to be funny given given what happened in Boston today . My heart goes out to all of us .

put all my wishes and prayers to boston on this 11:11 tonight

Someone who was injured in the Boston bombing was from Snohomish . He was in the blast radius but still managed to fini

And Fox News puts this idiot on TV -- Erik Rush : Kill All Muslims in Response to Boston Marathon Attack Watch

DTN Taiwan : Five Taiwanese runners in Boston Marathon confirmed safe : official : New York , April 15 -LRB- CNA -RRB- Taiwa

realy nasty , Boston is not exactly the usual venue for terrorist attacks

Eyewitnesses tell of race carnage as Boston shuts down - Irish Independent #Google #Malaysia

Prayers go out to those effected by the horrific events in Boston today . #bostonstrong

As a runner and a human being , I am deeply saddened by the Boston Marathon terrorist attack . Love from Chile . #PrayersForBoston

Still having a hard time coming to grips w the Tragedy in Boston . A day of accomplishment and celebration turned in to devastation

As I lay my head tonight , I think about the victims in Boston . This violence has to stop !! Innocent people/children

Breaking News : #New Britain New Britain police chief runs Boston Marathon , feels ground shake near finish line

when will all this violence end ? Pray for #Boston #Iraq #Somalia #PRAYFORWORLDPEACE

today , i went to the flames game and had spaghetti for dinner and didnt whine/argue on twitter about boston . #my #day #was #better

I Was In Copley During The Attack , Thankfully I 'm OK But My Heart Bleeds For All The Beautiful Victims ! Sad Day For Boston 3

My prayers go out to those involved in what happened in Boston . And their family members as well .

Everyone stop saying pray for Boston . Boston was n't affected , America was . We are all a victims of this tragedy

Our thoughts and prayers go out to those who lost their lives , the injured , their friends , and family in Boston

Cowardice has always been easy . God Bless the 1st responders - bravery in action . Pray for the victims of another coward -LRB- s -RRB- . #Boston

I just heard about this boston thing damn that shit be sad

boston marathon bombings : a dastardly act

For hope . People Being Awesome After The Attack On The Boston Marathon :

RT for the people who died and are wounded in Boston from that deadly bombing

#prayingforboston #prayforboston Why Do n't Bombs Just Go Away !!! #BostonMarathon #Boston

I amSaddened what-happened in my home town of boston.Horrified!But I am thankful that my family and friends in boston are safe.I love you

Amen Kate . Went to college in Boston . Sad day . Senseless loss of life . Ps 23 .

I mean boston here is a city not a person . . hehe

No easy answers . David Malet with a personal account of the Boston Marathon bombings .

First edition of The Boston Globe is out . #Boston

So hold your judgements on the Boston marathon bomb blasts . . Like the Sikh Gurudwara shooting there are already doubts being raised

Enormous prays for Boston . The people in this world are sick . . :-LRB- . My love goes out to all the families and people in Boston

Every single post is about Boston and you have to be the one bitch posting about how your Kid looks in a hat #noonecares #prayforboston

All my thoughts go out to Boston :-LRB- so sorry just heard it !

Just saw a picture of a man holding his soon to be wife 's body from today 's explosion in Boston . Take advantage of every day #prayforboston

feel so bad for all the people in boston ! #PrayFoBoston

Is there a conspiracy yet because there were free american slushes at sonic today and then the bombs went off in Boston ?

BREAKING : Police are surrounding a property in Revere , Massachusetts in a possible connection to today 's attacks in Boston . #news

When there is a tragedy like this my eyes are drawn to those running into harms way . God bless the EMTs , police , fire personnel #Boston

R bombs going off in middle east everyday.no one gives a rat 's ass . bombs go off in boston and suddenly #prayforBoston everywhere

It make me mad how they bombed Boston , all those innocent people the thing that really pissed me off . . it was a man ON the roof watching !

6 miles at 7:34 pace for those who could n't finish the Boston Marathon #PrayersForBoston

Have n't tweeted about Boston because I 'm afraid I will go on a huge rant . #why #prayforboston

#prayforboston goes to school , gets shot . Runs a race , gets bombed . Society is fucked up

Oh , Boston MarathonPray for the victims ! R.I.P

And dont beat urself up Funny how I 'm so clueless with regards to this whole Boston Marathon thing going on

Raw video of #Boston Marathon explosions at : 05 and : 31 seconds .

Prayers go out to Boston but wat about our troops who face that fear everyday?Some of them probably have seen or had it ha

People near Boston bombs need to use closed head injury protocol as injury can take hrs to show itself #OPCPhysio

Still shocked watching everything that happened in Boston today .

Ummm wrong spelling Boston . its Boston , not Bouston wth

I ca n't get over the attack in Boston . . I do n't understand why there 's so much hate in this world . that 's coming from a hateful person .

Glad my friend in Boston and his friends are okayapparently they were pretty close to the explosion #relief now I can rest easy

my thoughts go out to the boston marathon victims #bostonmarathon

Errbody wear running shirts tommorow for the occasion of the Boston bombing . #spreadiiiiit .

It 's time we unite in prayer to STOP all hateful acts like the ones in Boston . LIGHT to the authorities , victims p

Innocent people at a wedding in iraq were killed in a bombing , and the death toll was 10x that of boston . I dont see s

Why do people make up stories ? Like all the people involved in the Boston marathon bombing were children cancer victims . Like what .

It 's a double shame that people only seem to care about American tragedies . My prayers are with Boston but there are bigger problems

Saying lots of prayers for Boston tonight .

Our thoughts go out to everyone affected by the tragic events at the Boston Marthon .

Dear #Boston No words can express the sorrow . The is one of the best , and nothing will ever change that !

Awunas ` shebo endlini kodwa you 're worried about Boston what what .

Photo : thelandofwtf : Guy hugging Boston explosion victim

So what exactly happened in Boston ? I 'm really out of the loop in regards to world news .

May the souls of those who passed away from the Boston explosions rest in peace may those who were injured have a healthy recovery .

Oh my god . Praying for everyone home in BOSTON . ?? Hope everyone is okay

Thoughts and prayers for the people in Boston . Such an awful tragedy . #bostonmarathon

I do n't even know what to say my heart goes out to all those affected in the marathon bombing #prayforboston #prayfortheworld

Jackie Robinson day and Griffey Jr. asking to wear 42 , Tax day , Pay day for many , Patriots Day , Boston Marathon , day will never be the same

many healthy injured out-of-town runners will be stranded in Boston .

Omg just Seen The Graphic Pics of Todays Boston Marathon Explosions !

hey would it be wrong to ask if this boston thing hasFALSE FLAG written all over it ?

As crazy as this sounds the Government has something do with the Boston and Connective tragedies , just watch .

Just woke up knowing Boston had a bombing attack . : /

10 . That 's the number being treated at Boston 's Children 's Hospital tonight . God be with those little survivors .

Boston Marathon Explosion - People Looting Merchandise Stand : via

Unless you have loved ones in Boston , best thing to do now is take a break , or better a walk , and wait for actual news

The Boston tragedy is so insane my mind ca n't process what urges someone to take the lives of innocent people

So Newtown families were sitting VIP at the races in Boston . Makes you wonder if someone was trying to get rid of loos

#Obama on Boston Blasts : ` We Will Hold Them Accountable ' : Roll Call News What does that mean to

The deadly bombing at the Boston Marathon that killed at least three and injured more than rt #unemployed_usa

Today is gon na be a living hell !! It just became a million times worse . No sleep , gate all day , along with extra bs cuz of the Boston bomb

Boston was n't bombed by some weak ass Koreans , they were bombed by some clever Americans .

Thoughts and prayers to the city of Boston ! # prayforboston

You know you 're working too hard when there 's an explosion at the Boston Marathon and you do n't hear about it for hours . Prayers .

Yeah this Boston this is sad and all but what about all the troops that die over seas from bombs ? No one makes a big

Are you unaware of what happened in Boston ?

What has happened to society ? I dont understand how ppl dismiss all the sideeffects of their actions -- think first ! Sending prayers to Boston

` Terror ' word debated in Boston blasts : President Barack Obama did not refer to the blasts in Boston as p #P2

My heart goes out to the victims and their families of today 's tragedy in Boston . May they seek comfort in the loving ar

Boston police reinforced my desire to eventually become an officer today #veryproud

I pray for all those killed , injured and traumatized today in Boston . And for their families . God bless them all

This guy was gon na purpose to a girl at the finish line in Boston . . But he had to watch her be a part of the bombing . . T

Authorities ID person of interest as Saudi national in marathon bombings , under guard at Boston hospital -NYPOST.com

Saudi National in Custody in Connection with the Deadly Boston Marathon Bombing . That 's why Obama 's refusing to call this a terrorist attack

Boston PD : No motive no one in custody . Obama : We will find out who did this hold them responsible . #BostonMarathon #PrayForBoston

My thoughts go out to everyone in Boston and to those who have lost a loved one

God knows if this is it !! Who knows maybe they 'll do more ? For sure . Ok I have nothing better to do lets go destroy Boston and kill people !

From a pastoral perspective ministering a to tragedy like Boston requires one to be comfortable with silence while simply being present .

Your tweets about Boston are perfect . Your words are exactly what I ca n't find to say . #ThankYou #PrayForBoston

Praying for Boston had a buddy Ray Beem running this morning but thankful him and his family are safe . #prayforboston

The events that happend today in Boston are another reminder to me of why I choose to live in the moment . #LoveWhatYouHave

3 killed , more than 140 injured in Boston Marathon bombing

Death Toll Up to 3 in Boston Explosions : An 8-year-old child was among the casualties when bom

Oh I love that dirty water , Boston you 're my home #PrayForBoston

What do U think about Boston Bomb Blast ? American thing , just public disturbance , terrorism or cause of Foreign Politic Policy of America ?

2013 Boston Marathon -- Boston 's unique celebration dealt chilling blow - ESPN Boston , Gordon Edes #RedSox

Ca n't sleep . Being consumed by the 24hour news cycle . The bombing in Boston , drone strikes , Gitmo hunger strike Just to name a few .

Woke to horrible news from Boston Marathon . Sickening .

Well good night everyone . Prayers go out to Boston . And hopefully the mood right now will brighten up tomorrow Or soon .

Sad to wake up to the news of a blast at the Boston Marathon finishing line . My prayers go out to all the affected people and their families

the people on the news have boston accents

My prayers go out to all the people in Boston that were injured or died at the race scene :-LRB- #prayforboston

This is no joke . Take your humour some where else . #Boston .

I hope that Boston knows they 're in our prayers , and I hope whoever did this knows that tragedies bring the US closer and

Haha . Thanks for telling me . I 'm speechless at the response . I almost did n't even post it tonight due to the Boston stuff .

My deepest condolences to all victims of Boston Marathon bombing incident last night . All prayers for them :-LRB-

Is anyone gon na tell me wtf happened in Boston !?

I honestly wonder if we will find out who did that today in Boston . Or was it just a warning from someone

All my thoughts and prayers go to the victims of todays bombing in Boston . I 'm so sorry this happened to you . Best wishes #Prayingforboston

Wear purple to support those who died in Boston -RRB- ' :

Bombs kill three , wound more than 100 at Boston Marathon : Worst bombing on US soil since security was tightene

4 . No immediate blamegame by politicians - dignified approach to crisis #boston #tvreporting

Thinking of those hurt in the boston marathon bombings !

ohhh boy those Boston Explosion pictures getcha every time

Please beware of this fake Boston Marathon tweet 1/2 :

Two more bombs found in Boston . both being dismantled . Whether this is domestic or foreign it is important

my prayers goes to all the victim of the boston marathon this was truly a tragic event :'-LRB-

I know my cyclothymia treatment is working when I can watch the news from Boston not feel like my heart is being ripped out #pray4boston

Remembering those in Boston in my prayers tonight

Bomb explosion in Boston . . now shooting in gram ! Smh !! Sad

Can we , as humans , wait at least 24 hours to turn the horrific events in Boston into some sort of attack on politics or Christian bullshit ?

#PrayforBoston but also for #Iraq , where #bombings killed over 50 people - men , women , children . #LoveHumanity #StopRa

News Flash : FBI to take lead in investigating Boston Marathon bombings #AusPol

I 'm so sorry . Thought of you and others from Boston all day . Still am .

My prayers for people in Boston Greater area ; MA , USA , especially for those who injured and their families . Amen .

I do n't like thinking about what happened in Boston because it makes me sad :-LRB-

Back in Boston . Will be available 24/7 is anyone needs something . This is my city , and I 've never been prouder of its people .

Photo : modeska : 3 killed and 140 injured at a marathon is boston , usa .

Did n't realize how many people I knew in Boston until today #StogaAlumni

So sad where is the love now . Even in thai or boston . I can only just pray . #prayforboston

there 's a google doc for people offering places for others to stay in #Boston . it made me tear up . the good is outshining the bad ! #ItsOkay

I 'm not the to judge but why do I see ppl on my TL saying fuck Boston !? Whoever says some shit like that are clowns r/s !

The SunRun Sunday , lets stand together , stand proud , stand for Boston , stand for all runners , we will run we will fi

Did n't know what happened in Boston til the husband told me a hr ago . Prayers go out to everyone in Boston .

These pictures from Boston are blowing my fuckin mind . WTF !

do what you can about it . We ca n't all flood into Boston , what the hell are people supposed to do ? Some people are truly in

Just talked to someone ten minutes ago who did n't know what happened in Boston today . How does one achieve such a thing ? #Ignoranceisbliss

Do n't know what to say about Boston just hoping all injured make it through the night

Vacationing in Key West , but feeling so helpless and far away from home . Prayers Thoughts #Boston

My heart goes out to everyone affected by the events in Boston today . 3

My sister is in fucking Boston right now and I have no idea what kind of state she 's in because I 've heard nothing from her all

My thoughts are with the beautiful people in Boston xxx

Still ca n't believe the bombings . My heart goes out to everyone affected . Much love coming your way . #prayforboston

Our hearts go out to those in Boston and the families and loved ones of those affected by what happened today . 3

Lord , we trust You regardless of what 's happening in Boston . I pray that You show up big there somehow . #PrayForBoston

Before you go to bed remember to say a quick prayer for all of the families that lost loved ones in Boston today . Life is precious

Can anyone find where it is verified that a little girl was killed in Boston ?

Wtf ?! was actually at the Boston Marathon . Good to know he 's okay !

Need a Boston shake in my life .

Night my beautiful followers :-RRB- Sweet dreams 3 . Keeping Boston in my prayers #PrayforBoston

Seeing a lot of federal police vehicles racing eastbound on the mass pike in groups . #mapoli #Boston

About to start spamming the fuck out of these fake Boston stories .

Call it terror ? Of course stop talking abt counter-terrorism as pretext for abuse of power . #Boston

SOME people on twitter now are already blaming Muslims on the Boston tragedy . Sedih . Bila terrorist je , suka hati je

were you running the Boston Marathon Natasha ? Awful what 's happened . Been worried you were there !! x

Our thoughts are with everyone affected by today 's tragedy in Boston . Tragic .

Real estate news Police searching apartment in Boston suburb : Two bombs exploded in the crowded streets near t

Hard to watch the news on the marathon . hoping they figure out who 's responsible soon get justice for those hurt or killed #prayforboston

#Bostonmarathon more of a shameful act . Boston has been a symbol of harmony and liberal minds . Hope harvar

I still ca n't grasp what happened in Boston today it 's all so surreal .

if you think you had a bad day todayIMAGINE THE PEOPLE OF BOSTON THAT WAS AFFECTED BY THE SENSELESS BOSTON TRAG

how are hudson 's family in boston ? Did you get an update ? I 've been trying to calm them all night .

everyone keeps posting pictures of the MIT green building but i ca n't help but wonder what color the pru is right now #boston

boston kenapa gtu ? anyone knows ?

Markets Will Look for Answers on Boston Blasts : That drove an already weak stock market to its lows of the day

Im a runner , i have not qualified this year , or i may have but not run . IM A RUNNER and my heart is in Boston today . Hoy si que me lastimaron

#Pray4Boston #prayforboston #prayforboston if you live in Boston please consider donating blood :-RRB- save a life !

Just got done looking at images from the Boston explosion and there are tears in my eyes . How could people do this ? #PrayforBoston

I ran Boston in '98 ' 99 . Best part : the cheers and encouragement and support from the folks along the road , every step of the 26.2 .

In B4 '' OMG so r00d `` To all the people saying that our Boston jokes are crossing the line ... .

Columbia students safe after Boston Marathon explosions : Several Columbia students who were participating in t

#prayforboston - wow , 8 yr Old boy killed in Boston . If this is an Allah thang , should I be surprised ? If it 's a white guy I 'll be more pissed

Our thanks go to all of those who have helped during this sad time ; the first responders , the citizens of Boston , http

My heart goes out to Boston , know that VanCity is sending its love and support your way #unitedwestand

I 'm wearing my 100th Edition Boston Marathon shirt tomorrow 2 support those injured today . Wear your Boston or favorite run shirt tomorrow

Heard that 3 people died at the Boston marathon and who knows how many got injured . This is horrible news to wake up too . #PrayforBoston

Even those , who normally remained silent on KP/FATA as to them it is spreading negativity about Pak , have condemn Boston Bombing !

ARE YOU SERIOUS !!!!?????!!!! THIS WAS POSTED BEFORE THE BOMBING TODAY IN BOSTON AT THE MARATHON !!! WOWWWWWWW !! IN

I 'm sure Vigilant Citizen will have something to say about boston

How about pray for everybody not just Boston ?

The Boston Marathon , itself , is symbolic in so many ways for so many ppl.Run hide for you have messed with the wrong city . #bostonmarathon

Gon na wear a meet shirt tomorrow in honor of Boston . #PrayForBoston

This shall be very Helpful . Indeed our Thoughts n Prayers goes out to all those affected Boston Marathon .

Did my own private investigation on the Boston Marathon for like 3 hours instead of writing this paper

Canada is sad . Deepest sympathies ? Thank you to all who assist in tragedies . #Boston

Valley native narrowly misses Boston blasts : Keegan Garnsey is all smiles before competing in #coloradosprings

God bless everyone in the horrific tragedy that occurred today in our great city of Boston . My thoughts and prayers go out to all .

HEALING vibes and STRENGTH prayers for the people and their families in Boston . GOD IS WITH YOU 3 .

Was the Boston Marathon really for the victims of the Sandy Hook shooting ? I am way past depressed right now .

I 'm still in shock about the explosion in Boston .

in a bar somewhere , a politician -LRB- or several -RRB- is plotting to make #Boston bombing a platform justifing their #Trapwire surveillance agendas

Hard to comprehend the mindset needed to bomb a mass charity event . Appalling . My thoughts to all affected #prayforboston

Heart felt condolences to all the affected lives in #Boston . Prayers for Innocent Lives and to heal the world

My spirit ls sad my prayers for all the victums in boston .

3 my thoughts with all those in Boston too , such a horrible thing . Billie Joe posted this pic

Everyone 's thoughts in the band go out to the tragic events that happened in Boston . Our prayers are with themselves , f

The Boston Marathon runners , who just kept on running to give blood at the hospital brought tears to my eyes . How excep

Who 's wearing purple tomorrow for boston ?

Sacramentans Among Runners At Boston Marathon - CBS Local

horrible . everybody was fighting and angry over boston

Cincinnati runners , officials react to bombing at Boston Marathon : Several local runners and spectators are am

Three Killed as Bombs Explode at Boston Marathon : Two bombs exploded near the finish of the Bo - from CBN News

#Boston - People , checking on , hugging , helping each other . Wonder if people doing this stuff know how how much love they

MOMENTO ATENTADO TERRORISTAS EN LA MARATON DE BOSTON 15/04/2013

There r some non-Muslims tweeted yesterday that they wished John cena is injured bcuz he 's from Boston and bla bla bla . .

Australians shocked by the Boston marathon bombing : PM

Our heart and prayers go out to the people in Boston . Stay strong ; stay resilient . #prayforboston

Many People Got Damage Because Of The Bomb Happend In Boston . Pls pray for the people who got hurt #PrayForBoston

Do we wear red or purple to show respect for boston

NBA finals be trash . The last good one was Boston VS Lakers

LeVar entire RR family mourns the tragic loss of life in Boston today . Our hearts go out to those who are suff

crazy how the gov ' t planned a bomb test thingy today in boston . it aint terrorists bro . we cant trust our own .

Police searching apartment in Boston suburb -LRB- Yahoo! Sports -RRB- : BOSTON -LRB- AP -RRB- -- Two bombs exploded in the crowded streets near the finish

When I went to bed last night we knew very little about what was happening in Boston . Are there any new developments since ? #prayforboston

but I didnt weak ass boston did lmao nd im lovin it

Saw a picture of a Boston Marathon victim . He was missing his legs . Pretty fucked up world we live in today .

no surprise tht Muslims are unwanted in most parts of the world reason i.e Boston ,

A Journalist 's Guide to Tweeting During a Crisis Like the Boston Bombing

Just found put about Boston . And to think the marathon was honouring the newtown victims .

My heart mourns for all those who llost someone today in the bombing . I ca n't imagine why someone would do this ? #prayforboston

Boston marathon blasts kill three , 144 injured -

love the support . Means alot to me , one of the few colts fans in Boston .

My daughter just found out a friend was at #bostonmarathon when bomb went off . She lost both legs . #prayforboston victims families ! #ccot

We are very saddened by the events today in Boston . My father and his entire family lived and live in or around

This Boston marathon shit is fucking ridiculous . People running ? Seriously ?

Bomb At Boston Marathon . Israel Memorial Day . Wickedness Growing All Ove : via

I am glad and did not come to Boston with me !!! P-CRU !!!

Coincidence ? FEMA was present 2 miles from the Newtown , CT attacks the day of the event . Today , FEMA had training in Boston for terrorism .

Y' all got ta chill with these fake kids dying in Boston . NO KIDS died . Stfu

People saying pray for Boston but I 'm saying pray for this world . . period ! #serioustweet

So how long will they wait this time before letting us know who is responsible ? God bless those poor people :-LRB- #Boston #Benghazi

I still get chills reading about the Boston Marathon . .

#OSINT #Boston Analysis 1 : First news were on #SocialMedia 15 minutes before #TV channels after #BostonMarathon bombi

Good night ;-RRB- # prayers go out to Boston

snowing in CO a great start to the weekuntil Boston :--LRB-

I hope all my friends from boston are ok . I 'm so sad :--LRB-

As a graduate and former resident of Boston , you can probably imagine how I feel about today 's events

Cant wait to go back to Boston

Can not believe the news from Boston ! People , , , innocent people trained for months on end supported by loved ones

Heart and prayers are with everyone affected by the Boston tragedy today #prayforboston

I feel so terrified and sad about what happened in Boston we need Batman now more than ever . #Pray4Boston

Its very sad that kids are hurt in Boston . We totally feel your pain cause our kids also get hurt in bombs and drones .

Heart goes out to the victims and the family and friends of the victims in Boston .

A somber day w our thoughts on Boston . . Still want to recognize and others on r

I have been slow to post on the tragedies that occurred in Boston today . I needed time to process the horrors . Prayers up for Beantown .

Sending all my love and prayers to the people in boston #prayforboston

Do n't people from Boston have an accent ?

Did nobody read my tweet that no little girl died in the Boston explosions today ? Why the fuck am I still seeing this bullshit

Left-handedness is often associated with evil and sinister beings -- The Boston Strangler , Jack the Ripper , and Osama

Gunna wait to go cop boston project . $ upport the Mu $ ic !

All of those affected in Boston are in our thoughts and prayers .

I think the crisis was well handled by the emergency services and they used every tools avl twitter , g finder , text messages #boston

New post : Many injured , cops find more devices as two huge blasts rock Boston Marathon finish line

Large police presence in Revere connected to Boston bombing - Boston News , Weather , Sports | #bostonmarathon

Shoutout to all my Boston peeps pups . Sending u all pawsitive vibes tonight everynight . We will hang soon ! xoxo

North Texans in Boston Marathon describe scene of terror , chaos : More than 300 runners from North Texas #plano

On today 's show with tragedy at the Boston Marathon and the Wallingford woman living in a burnt out flat - from 6 .

Lets for pray for the victims of the Boston Marathon #PrayForBoston

FBI takes the lead in Boston bombing probe via But of Course they are if indeed an Arab was Arrested .

someone sabotaged celebrations in Boston . . SAD

My compassion to the inhabitants of Boston . It is a great tragedy . Do n't even believe that all this happened

I have to add We played extra hard . For Boston . Two of the peeps in the band live in Boston and two others

Patton Oswald on tragedy in Boston -LRB- 1/3 -RRB- : But the vast majority stands against that darkness and , like white blood cells attacking a virus

R.I.P. people who died in the blast . . Terrorism is always unacceptable #Boston blast

#christmas New ! I Am Not Afraid - Here I sit , just hours after what looks to be a terrorist act at the Boston mara

IRS : Boston-area taxpayers will get time on taxes - CBS News : CBS NewsIRS : Boston-area taxpayers will get time

I have a gut feeling that ISLAM has its name all over the Boston Bombing . I would be extremely surprised if otherwise .

IRS : Boston-area taxpayers will get time on taxes - CBS News

Three killed , more than 100 injured in marathon blast - National PostThree killed , more

Love and thoughts from #Detroit to our brothers and sisters in #Boston .

News about the explosions at the Boston Marathon is unsettling . Prayers up for all involved . Hope all are safe and sound .

NO SHE was n't . No children were running in the Boston Marathon . Some folks will believe anything .

Just a horrible and sickening thing that happened at the Boston marathon . Will this ever stop ? #PrayersForBoston

today my whole year group would not shut up about the boston bombing being world war 3

haha yeaa ! Boston is full of Puerto Ricans just like New York so they got that ghetto Spanish accent hahah

#prayingforBoston as we close eyes tonight extras prays go out to city of Boston . God Bless

lot of prayers for the survivors of the boston marathon #fightingspirit

I also believe that should have a moment of silence before all games tomorrow for the tragic events in Boston

Video : Explosions Rock Boston Marathon

A guy was going to propose to his girlfriend after the Boston Marathon but she was one of the ones that unfortunately died / 3

bombings in Boston today . Everyone continue to pray for all the families that lost loved ones Pray that God will h

i 'm really selfish.i havent really thought abt ` boston ' all day.stuck in my own life .

Our hearts beat with Boston . Everyday we are reminded how much our world needs more Good Vibes , so keep it flowing everyone 3

yeah the Boston thing is tragic , but we have that many deaths a week in genesee county . .

Praying 4 boston 3 . . Praying 4 the world ! . . #weneedpeace GOD !

i just saw the video of what happened in Boston prayers to everyone

As with the Boston victims i will keep you all in my prayers !

My thoughts and prayers to everyone affected in this tragedy in Boston . Hard to believe this could happen . I pray h

A race promoter is encouraging people to wear a race tee shirt tomorrow in memory of the Boston marathon victims htt

Prayers for the people of #Boston we know you are resilient do n't let this stop you . NYC fought back and win and so will you . God Bless

Tuesday 's Newspaper Front Pages for Boston Globe , Boston Herald 12 UK Papers incl Daily Mail , Times , Sun , Mirror . .

Thoughts and prayers for the people of Boston , and all of the families affected by this act of terror . God Bless the first responders !

Marathon Runner Claims Drills Performed Before Boston Bombing !

WITNESS : Runner talks Boston bombs : The euphoria of finishing the Boston Marathon had n't even worn off for me

Boston Marathon explosions : world leaders react : Two explosions have rocked the Boston Marathon , killing at le

Terrorism ? Close enough . Pentagon command center kept Hagel , Dempsey updated during Boston bombing | The E-Ring

SKETCH of Boston Marathon Bomber SUSPECT : via

Bostondanga bunch of people run a marathonand some loser plants bombs ? So ridiculous . praying for the families .

More people died in car accidents today in Boston than from a bomb . There were bigger tragedies that happened today elsewhere #realtalk

LT my prayers condolences go out to the families loved ones as well all involved in the Boston Bombing tragedy . #InMyPrayers

Thank God for all he has done for you tonight . Be greatful for the life you have been given . Trust in Him . Pray for all that need it #Boston

The humanity is fading now , peoples become heartless . Pray for Boston and a never ending devastation-invasion in Palestine .

From Boston : Youngest victim is 3 years old , oldest is 71 years old .

Our thoughts go out to all involved in the tragedy in Boston today .

Sometimes can not believe where we are headed after incidents such as in #Boston . What is going on with #HumanValues ?

I 'm still shocked and surprised at the twin Bombs in Boston . Today was a tough day and we hope that the spirit of all Bostonians thrives on !

My 3 to Boston - more love , more light , more compassion , more kindness , more forgiveness , more tolerance , more peace #PrayersForBoston

I was in Boston Down the st from the blast , my mom was at the blast and was splattered in blood . #weareboston spread the word

Lujan Grisham statement on Boston explosions : ALBUQUERQUE -LRB- KRQE -RRB- - Congresswoman Michelle Lujan Grisham rele

It may sound cliche but it 's true , it 's days like today that really make me question my faith and the world we live in #Boston

People please stop with these fake pics and random captions about the Boston bombing damn just pray for them ai n't no need in fake info pics

Obama says to not jump to conclusions on bomb at Boston , wonder if he EVER takes his own advise or are we to do as he says not what he does ?

Man ca n't believe that happened in Boston today . . Pray for those families and people affected by this tragedy . .

What happened in Boston only reassures people need to dwell on the good things in life and not the bad

Seeing that the little girl was killed in Boston today makes me absolutely sick .

My family in #Boston is all fine , but they 're are still so many who are n't . Please , #PRAY4BOSTON

What a devastating news out there in Boston . Hope all okay . #prayforboston

I think its badass a 78 yr old falls after the bomb goes off but gets up and finishes the Boston marathon . In the midst of failure

I want Patton Oswalt 's response to Boston to be as true as it is beautifully written . But it just is n't .

Terrible news from Boston . Terrible . #prayforboston

Zionists Bombed The Boston Marathon : via

what 's your take on the boston bombing

#Boston Marathon bombing brings out liberal DOUCHE-baggery

Spend 1hour on videos and pics on the bombing in Boston trying get reliable source #facts #ugly

With what happened in Boston , and seeing cops everywhere , today was the first time I actually felt a bit concerned taking BART .

It has been a tough day . My thoughts are with everyone in Boston . My condolences to those affected . I 'll catch up here tomorrow . Good night .

8 year old Boy died in Boston 's explosions , while runnin for the Sandy hook kids #prayforboston

So many people maimed , with injuries so gruesome , they looked like victims of war . Seriously . #BAAMarathon #Boston #Marathon #PrayforBoston

Boston Liverpool are my favourite cities in the world . both have had emotional , draining days . much love to both

My prayers go out to everyone in my favorite city.Skeleton , You Are My Friend : For Boston

Bruce Schneier on Boston : listen to this man .

Navy sends EOD team to Boston | Associated Press

Trying and trying and trying to sleep . . So many emotions from the bombing at the Boston marathon . . #PrayersForBoston

Yes , it is sooo good to be home . PV was a perfect gentleman . Shocked by the news on landing ! #Boston

An Emotional Reaction to the Boston Marathon Bombing

Boston Marathon : Deadly blasts shadow Desisa , Jeptoo victories

#Japan steps up security in light of #Boston Marathon bombing -

I just watched the Family Guy that aired on 3/17 and there 's a scene where Peter drives through the Boston Marathon .

I wonder how many of you will actually sit down and pray for Boston

It was sad to hear what happened at the Boston Marathon . My thoughts and prayers go out to whoever was affected . #staystrongboston

I can see winning the Boston Marathon #NaturalRunner #RunsFoDayz

my heart goes out to all in Boston . it 's also sad the level of hate bigotry and ignorance that is being said by the right .

Props to wearing a Sox jersey at the Dodgers game . Ca n't take the Boston out of the man .

Star reporter in Boston : ` A sick feeling went through my body . ' : I woke up from an afternoon nap , r #fortwayne

The Boston shit will pass . How about you shut the fuck up about it . If you actually CARED about them , you would do more than pray .

absolutely not . Boston fire and Boston police are my two favorite twitters today . Only facts , no images .

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and others involved in the Boston Marathon explosion .

Really sad the tragedy that went down in Boston , how can people do such a thing , my heart goes out to the family of the 8 year old girl .

Its two people who died calm down RIP to them . but seriously 4 people were also murdered in boston today . Annnnd no

Thoughts , prayers , vibes going out to everyone affected by the bombing today . #PrayForBoston

Video : Boston first responder : It was flashback to Iraq via

VIDEO : Boston Marathon reaction . talked to Island competitors at 5 . We 'll have the latest info at 10 . http

Jordanian Muslim group stated they were happy for terror in Boston.why ? If your gon na hate , hate yourselves . Human life matters , always

Just wan na clarify that it was an 8 year old BOY that died at the Boston Marathon today . Not a girl . Regardless #prayforboston

@highlight

The NBA has announced that tomorrow 's game between the Pacers Boston Celtics at TD Garden has been canceled

@highlight

The explosions in Boston with victims ages 3-62 , latest from Boston 3 dead , 130 injured in Boston Marathon .

@highlight

8 years old boy died in Boston Bombing

@highlight

At the marathon finish line , two bombs exploded and the third was blown up by the Authorities .

@highlight

Business heavily damaged following bomb blast in Boston

@highlight

Authorities Detain Saudi National as Suspect in Boston Bombing