Take one second out of your day pray for the city of Boston . This is absolutely terrible .

My thoughts go out to everyone in Boston . Hope they find and disable all the devices before anyone else gets hurt . #prayersforboston

Our hearts go out to those affected by the tragedy in #Boston . #bostonmarathon

Fox News reports a suspect has been detained in the Boston Marathon explosion .

Twitter is showing its value -- learning far more details about the Boston bombing from social media than from watchin

Prayers going to those affected by this terrible tragedy in Boston today #PrayersForBoston

Hellooooo 1D World is goinggggggg to Boston ! Opens this weekend !!!!! # 1DWorldBoston

I love you Boston . I always will

My heart goes out to the people of Boston and all those impacted by these explosions .

JUST IN : CBS News Report : Undetonated Bomb Found Under Grandstand At Boston Marathon / /

might not be aloud london cos people bombed the marathon today in boston and london marothons on sunday

internetexplorers : this is so terrible im so sad i hope all my followers living in boston near where the

According to the Boston Marathon 's official website , there were over 30 runners from the Charlottesville area registered to r

Wish I could do more for Boston than keep them in my thoughts . #veinstoosmallfordonating

Horrific scenes in Boston . Absolutely awful . :-LRB-

Runners and families being directed to Boston Common .

BREAKING : Cops guarding a suspect in Boston hospital after explosions . Watch for updates :

What 's happening in Boston is crazy . Whoever behind this clearly needs Jesus .

All of our love and prayers go out to those with loved ones in Boston and those effected by this horrific event . . We love you

Boston EMS/Police want everyone who is stuck in bars/restaurants/etc to know street sweeps are happening now . Please RT. .

Our thoughts are with those affected by the tragic event at the Boston Marathon

Let 's hope everybody in boston is ok

My prayers go out to anyone involved in the Boston explosions .

This is heartbreaking ! My hearts with those in Boston but a huge congrats to those who ran ! God bless and be strong !

holy fuck , my thoughts and prayers are with those in Boston

Innocent sports participants and spectators alike should NEVER be used , targeted or sacrificed for any political or ideological gain #Boston

Not to be rude or anything but people for everyday and nobody complaining but in Boston you want to because of what ?

and 2 people died and 22 injured and there 's still bombs in the area and in other places around boston

Our thoughts are with everyone in Boston today .

My best wishes to all the runners in the Boston marathon . Its such a shame for something like this to ruin your har

get back from work to find out that Boston was bombed and Facebook implemented new Timeline changes #whatisthisworldcomingtoo #PrayforBoston

A total of 5 bombs . I ca n't believe this happened in my city . #prayforboston #prayformycity

I 'm really scared about this whole Boston situation

We 're thinking of our friends at in Boston and hope you are all okay .

People run marathons for such good reasons ; i struggle to get my head around this world sometimes . #prayforboston

what 's happening in Boston scares me so much , ca n't even begin to think what it 's like to be there !

Damn my prayers go out to Boston

Ok , so Ive been out of the loop , and just figured out about the boston bombing , and just wanted to say to my 10 + followers , #prayforboston :-RRB-

Posting pray for Boston on Facebook and no one is even aware or thinking of them.Its just spammed with things like inbox

The Family Meeting Area has been moved to Boston Common . Runners are being directed there to meet friends and htt

My heat goes out to everyone in Boston . Stay safe .

The race was held for the kids killed in Connecticut and someone bombed it ? That 's just not right . #PrayForBoston

DC police also heightening security . Pres Obama has been notified and in contact with Boston mayor Tom Menino and MA governor Deval Patrick .

What is wrong with this world man ?!! thoughts go out to everyone in Boston right now :-LRB- #BostonMarathon

Our thoughts are in Boston today , what should have been a happy day ended sadly . Very Unfortunate .

I know that street - Boston was my home , too . Thought of you friends there . They need angels today .

has been talking to witnesses with ties to local runners at the Boston Marathon -LRB-

I was wondering why all the people I follow from Boston were posting sad stuff . An hour later I see why :-LRB-

Woah woah woah what the fuck has happened in Boston ?!

HOLY SHIT !! BBC News - Boston Marathon hit by explosions

Two people have been killed after two bombs exploded at the Boston Marathon . Live coverage here : #free

Boston PD is saying to get on social media and tell people to stay away from The Boston marathon area AND the JFK libr

Awful news coming from Boston #whatsgoingon

My prayers with all those in Boston !!! #PrayForBoston

Raw footage of immediate response from Boston police , hopping fences and rushing to help

My heart goes out to everyone that was harmed by the explosions in Boston earlier . You are in my thoughts prayer

If the bomber/s end up being white dudes , can we still call them terrorists ? #Boston

I was 6 minutes away from qualifying for the Boston marathon . If I was 6 minutes faster I WOULD have been there today ! #Pr

someone set off a bomb at the end of the Boston marathon

Just woke up to extremely bad news . Never thought something tragic would happen in Boston . R.I.P to those who died in t

There 's absolutely no indication of incidents out side of Boston but as a precaution , Nwk other cities r increasin

Im not even going to look at this boston stuff . its so horrible . it will only make me depressed .

I need to get to work ! Horrible news about Boston ! Who bombs innocent , exhausted runners ? #sickos #boston

My heart is broken for Boston right now . Praying and thinking of everyone affected by today 's tragedies . 3

please pray for those affected by them bomb #bostonmarathon #prayforboston

Hard to have a good day knowing lots of innocent people just trying to run a marathon ca n't even feel safe anymore . Praying for Boston .

Reports of third explosion - at JFK library and museum , Boston . Library has tweeted no injuries and all accounted for .

Sad scenes in Boston . Lets hope security for this Sundays Marathon in London is tight #prayforboston

Some happier news now : the Boston Paralympic Team was happy to announce 23 new members earlier today . #Boston

Just remembering how spent and drained one is after finishing Boston anyway ; the confusion must be so scary .

i ca n't believe it this is happening , is so sad praying for everybody in Boston :-LRB-

Thoughts and prayers to the people and families involved in Boston . There 's some sick and twisted people in this world . #prayforboston

One of Boston 's best days tarnished by tragedy . Thinking of my hometown today . Stay safe .

Reported 2 dead and 28 injured after explosions in Boston marathon . #PrayForBoston

The Boston Marathon is a celebration of life , strength and endurance , why would someone want to plague it with death a

Hillsborough disaster , Titanic sinking and Boston bombings all on the same date . Today is a cursed day .

My thoughts are with those injured in Boston . Details are sill coming in , but we need to not jump to conclusions withou

maybe its fate you did n't nake the Boston Marathon .

Thanks Muirfield-It has been a crazy day ! Was just leaving Boston this afternoon when all of this occurred . So sad . #boston

I got my family from dr calling me to see if im safe . They think the US is only Nueva Yol and Boston lol

In Iowa City for show tonight . Our thoughts are with the people of Boston . Targeting innocent civilians is always wrong .

#BreakingNews 2 killed , 28 injured in explosions near the finish line of the Boston Marathon

Shocked to hear about what happened in Boston . My prayers are with all the families affected by this horrific act of

Praying for the runners and people of Boston ! People are Sick and cruel ! #prayingforboston #bostonmarathon

Boston Tufts hospital in lockdown -LRB- from sister working there -RRB- . Employees can not leave . Theyre treating trauma victim

I still ca n't breath properly . My family in Boston sent an email round saying they werent near the explosion and they 're fine but still -LRB- c -RRB-

Thoughts going out to all those in Boston ! #PrayForBoston

Of you live in/near Boston the hospitals are in desperate need for blood ! Please donate now ! They need +18 people ! #pray4boston

Prayers going out to all of the families effected by the Boston bombing . . #RIP

IF YOU 'RE IN BOSTON RIGHT NOW , CALL 617-222-1212 IF YOU SEE ANYTHING SUSPICIOUS !

Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the city of Boston and all of those affected by this terrible incident .

It would be insulting to have to walk 3 miles back to your hotel after you just ran a marathon #prayforboston

According to -LRB- on air -RRB- Boston PD asking for people to send any photos and video of #BostonMarathon bombing for

Police confirm two people dead , 22 injured following Boston blasts :

You do n't have to be a runner to feel for Boston right now .

Thoughts and prayers go out to those in Boston . So sad . #prayersforboston

I 'm so extremely saddened to hear about the predicament at the Boston Marathon . I will never understand how humans could do such a thing .

EVEN IF YOU DO N'T LIVE IN BOSTON PLEASE / / t.co / GrdNYIcRAR

Well I hope the door do n't hit u in ur ass Howard . See what just happened in Boston . Dumbass .

ET VOILA YA EU UN ATTENTAT AU MARATHON DE BOSTON LA PREMIERE CHOSE QUI VONT DIRE ? C'EST UN MUSULMAN OBLIGER SA VA M'ENERVER SA

I was in Boston less than a year ago . Such a beautiful city what is life

Boston police : At least two people died and 22 others hurt in Boston Marathon explosions .

My thoughts go out to the family and friends of the people who got hurt in Boston #prayforboston

lol its ok cuz if you heard the shit in Boston people say about leb it 's a fucking disgrace

The conspiracy theorist are about to have a field day with this Boston stuff happening smh

RT No fly zone for 3 miles over blast site in Boston .

Blood Donation locations for the Boston area . #BostonMarathon

Packin ' a fat lip for people in Boston . #DBH

When the worst occurs like in Boston and everyone comes together to help one another , it restores my faith in humanity

my thoughts and prayers go out to everyone who is affected by the explosion in boston #prayforboston

2 more devices foun marathon this Shit is crazy

If you know anyone running in Boston , the event 's athlete tracker is working and may help you establish whereabouts h

Two killed in Boston Marathon explosions : Two people have been killed during a double explosion close to the f

Warning graphic images : Kenshin Okubo has posted a Flickr gallery of Boston Marathon pix .

wtf is with these white girls fighting about the Boston Marathon shut the fuck up

BREAKING NEWS : From the Police getting multiple reports of unexploded devices around Boston

Thoughts with all those caught up in the Boston atrocities .

Thoughts go to all the people in Boston tonight who have lost their love ones #RIP

Friends and TurkishWINners in Boston . Holler if you need help . We hope the dead toll will not rise .

reports that #SBHS boys basketball coach and Boston Marathon runner Mile Kennedy has checked in with Jess Cover and is OK .

Boston police are asking for people to stay away from downtown and the Public Library because of another bomb . PLEASE

Keeping all those affected by the Boston Marathon explosions in our prayers .

Come on then.lets see which group of vile cunts is responsible for the bombs in Boston.I fuckin wonder!CUNTS

YOU 'RE A ONE DIRECTION TWITTER ACCOUNT NOT A POLICEMAN OR FIREFIGHTER YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO TELL CITIZENS OF BOSTON AND NYC

if you live near boston please be safe

BREAKING - Boston police reporting a third explosion , this time at the JFK Library

Our thoughts and prayers are with the Boston community . To all affected by today 's tragedy , you are in our hearts .

Boston is only an hour and a half away from me . A place I love to go . That specific area in fact . My #RedSox are right there .

Wow just saw a tweet and she said harry please pray for boston that in it self made me facepalm and what about Middle East ? doublefacepalm !

Are u kidding me !? Bombing the Boston Marathon !!? So sad , my heart goes out to everyone who was injured !! #Disgusting

By complaining about twitter being filled with what happened in Boston is technically you complaining about people complaining .

Our Prayers Go Out To All Affected . Feel free to come discuss it on the chat . #boston

2 bombs were let off at the Boston marathon

Reuters : Attny Gen Holder has directed full resources of Justice Dept to be deployed to boston investigation

Our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected by the tragedy in Boston today . #PrayForBoston

Obama directs government to aid Boston authorities in blast probe

Thoughts and prayers go to those at the Boston marathon

THE NEWS JUST SAID IF U LIVE IN BOSTON THEN PLEASE VISIT A HOSPITAL AND ASK IF THEY NEED A BLOOD DONOR THEY ARE DESPER

Our hearts and prayers go out to those in Boston and everyone affected by the explosions .

Just found out about the explosions in Boston Grieving and praying for all who are affected .

IF YOURE MAKING JOKES ABOUT BOSTON THEN JUST GET OFF TWITTER AND NEVER COME BACK ON

Thoughts and prayers are goin out to everyone in Boston #bostonmarathon

All of our everyday problems seem pitiful when you realise how much evil there is in the world . Spare a moment to think of the Boston people

Prayers for #Boston , prayers for #Iraq , prayers for all those affected by senseless violence every day . Will

damn .2 people died . over 20 injured so far after explosion at Boston Marathon . and according to another s

The spirit of the people of #boston wo n't be flawed by this cowardly act . #BostonMararthon #staystrong

Who has fucking bombed boston someone fucking tell me omfg my tv is offmy phone will only let me on fucking apps fml

My heart aches for the City of Boston its people and all the runners from around the world . 1000 Canadians . . come home safe . #bostonmarathon

Michael van Poppel 2mCBS NEWS : Boston PD has surveillance video of someone bringing multiple backpacks to blast site

you heard about the Boston bombings right ?

Prayers go out to all people affected by the tragedy in Boston and all their family and friends #PrayForBoston

explosions at the finish line of a marathon in Boston . Now there are bomb threats everywhere

Today , we are all from Boston . #PrayForBoston

Keep an eye on #Anonymous news for Boston . So far today , they 've been right on the money the majority of the time .

Deadly blasts near Boston Marathon #prayforboston

What happened in Boston is very sad .

Boston , Massachusetts is my birth city , man . My home . Make jokes about this tragedy all you want . I just hope you all

Concur . MT #Boston MT this Mr. Rogers quote . . I 'm finding it oddly comforting right now htt

prayers are with Boston and the rest of the world . God help us .

Thank God for the 1st responders including Boston PD FD .

As if someone would set off bombs during a marathon !!! #PrayForBoston

Boston marathon Aboriginal runner 30-year-old Emma Cameron from Darwin was demonstrating sport increases health confidence .

Thoughts are with everyone at the Boston marathon x

Wow . Absolute shame on the moron who bombed the finish line of the Boston Marathon . The dumb ppl of this world . #RIP to the fallen #Godbless

Boston Police are asking for your video of the finish line . Please contact them if you have footage .

I really am sorry for the victims and their friends and families in Boston , hope they are all coping well

Just heard about Boston . My prayers to everyone there . . Damn

BREAKING : 2 improvised explosive devices went off near Boston Marathon finish line , several officials tell NBC News

If you 're in the greater metropolitan area of Boston , go donate blood . Now .

So thankful my cousins are ok . Still praying for everyone else up in Boston #prayforbostonmarathonrunners

God is great , please do n't loose site of that . This bad day in Boston could have been worse had it not been for His love for His people

I hope whoever planted the Boston bombs is caught and that he/she/they receive a fair and speedy trial . That 's my terrorist reponse .

Everyone here at Geekhouse is okay . Our thoughts are with everyone that is affected by the events at the Boston Marathon today .

my heart goes out to the families and victims affected in Boston today horrible how people can do such a thing :-LRB- # P

My heart is with everyone in Boston affected by the bombings . #GodBless #prayforboston

Sad news about 2 bombs went off in Boston during the Marathon race . #theworldhasgonemadagain

Is it really necessary to make a twitter account on what happened in Boston ?

called Boston Mayor Tom Menino Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick to express his

What 's all this about Boston ? I just come on to see everyone with #prayforboston I think I 'm late .

Since my little sister is in Boston , she goes to Boston University , I am hoping she is ok Briana Vessells

So who won the Boston marathon ? #TooSoon ?

What the fuck is the matter with people ? Blowing up a marathon , seriously ? Fucking cowards . #boston

Please pray for my sister Catherine who was running the Boston marathon today and we have n't heard from her yet . #pra

Unconfirmed Vine video of explosion in Boston .

instantness of the response in boston is crazy , sad that it has to be . makes you wonder how security measures will escalate

My prayers go out to everyone affected by the blow up in Boston ! This world is crazy man . .

What the hell is going on with all these mass shootings and bombings . How can we stop these things ? #prayforboston

3 people died in Boston and the whole world is in shock . Millions have died in Palestine and no one has ever given them

Our thoughts and prayers are with all those affected by the events in Boston .

Follow Boston Globe reporter for live updates from #BostonMarathon

feeling sick to my stomach for all these people effected by this senseless point of action by a sick , cold hearted human being #Boston

I just do n't understand why such terrible things happen : 2 dead , 23 hurt by Boston Marathon blasts via

Never ever ignore orphaned packages/backpacks ! With all those people around , how did we let this happen in Boston ? WE ALL MUST BE VIGILANT !

Who honestly would set a bomb off at the Boston Marathon ? #comeon #whatisthisworldcomingto ?

Seeing the videos on #CBSNews and the amount of people in one area where not only one but two bombs went off . #crazypeople #PrayForBoston

WOW ! Crazy news video of that first Boston Marathon explosion . #NotHumor

We 're praying for those affected by the explosions at the Boston Marathon . Please pray for the injured , first

Julian lives in Boston , i hope him and his family alright

Can `` t believe what 's just happened in Boston . . What is the world coming to ?

All my prayers are going out to everyone in Boston and anyone effected by this3 #prayforboston

I LOVE YOU ALL I REALLY DO IF YOURE IN BOSTON STAY SAFE

2 bombs set off at the Boston marathonso sad . Praying for all those who are injured !!

Prayers def go out to those affected in the Boston marathon bombings . There 's some sick people in this world .

Our thoughts go out to those affected in #Boston today . STG team , please update Dashboard so we know you are safe .

On a normal day I dislike almost everything about Boston . But today I have nothing but sympathy for anyone affected by this horrible tragedy

because i know emergency room fees are ASTRONOMICAL . if they have to pay ? thats so fucked #boston

WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- -- The FAA is warning pilots that it has created no-fly zone over the site of two explosions at the annual Boston marathon .

I know my sis and are with me in prayer and support for the people of Boston . #prayforBostonMarathon .

Thinking to everyone in Boston affected by this afternoon 's terrible explosions . #boston

explosions at the Boston Marathon . Two people are dead , dozens injured . Braking news #gotrain #gobus #ttc #viva #zum

Boston explosion caught on camera via News

Ground stop in Boston . No flights in or out right now .

Rip to the people who have lost there lives in the terriost attacks in boston , how can people be so vile to take innocent peoples lifes

Wow , video of the second explosion in Boston . via

Praying for all the bomb victims in Boston ! #thisworldjustcantbehappy

Wow . My thoughts and prayers are with all of Boston .

Horrible scenes coming from Boston #prayforboston

I was donating some money to a guy 's charity who died running the brighton marathon on sunday and then Boston WTF is going on ? X

Praying for those affected at the Boston Marathon !!!

4 devices have been found in boston

That 's true , but unrelated of my desire to visit Boston again .

Thoughts are with those in Boston affected by the violence . Awful news x

#PHOTO : Runner John Ounao cries as he finds his friends after explosions rocked the finish of the Boston Marathon

2 killed in Boston marathon explosions . So sad , RIP .

You get some sick fucking people in this world.Those who set the bombs off in Boston dont deserve to be a part of the human race .

Thoughts and prayers go out to all in Boston #prayforboston

My prayers to all the people in Boston right now , and to everybody who have a member of their family in Boston #PrayForBoston

: / BREAKING NEWS : Twitter Documents the Horror of Explosions at Boston Marathon -LSB- GRAPHIC IMAGES -RSB-

Bombing in #Boston , #YDSQUADFORLIFE stops playing . . Talking about one hell of a shitday .

What is wrong with people ? Hoping all of our friends , and friends of friends are alright in Boston .

theres been a terrorist attack in boston , 30 people died

If you live in Boston STAY AWAY from trash cans and unattended back packs , police have confirmed there 's an unexplored

Only a coward performs an act like this one in Boston . And sadly , there are cowards everywhere and it 's so easy to b

Prayers are with Boston and those poor folks hurt and families of those who were killed .

I hope that the IRS will give taxpayers in and around the Boston area an extension to file . It 's a bad time to encourage them to go outside .

Flight restrictions over Boston , but FAA says will not affect Logan #WTOP

#prayers going out to all the people that got hurt/killed in the boston marathon . . #timesarecrazy

And just to clarify , I do think what happened in Boston is appalling

I was n't being uncaring tweeting about football whilst terrible events in Boston happened . I was unaware of it all a

2 killed 23 wounded at the Boston marathon . May God be with them . Pray for them , families . What are we doing killing each

Hey while everyone is praying for Boston pray for Africa , Palestine , Afghanistan etc where people get killed everyday # j

For everyone at the Boston Marathon , and in Boston , I pray for you guys and I send my love to everyone who was effected by it .

God bless all families involved with this Boston massacre and I pray they catch whoever did this #prayforboston

There 's a check-in site for people in the Boston area up , if you want to / / t.co / 8Es6Zo9tb0

Very troubled by the attack on innocent marathon runners in Boston . What a senseless and pointless act of violence .

Boston police confirms another explosion at JFK Library - Reuters

What a sad dayour thoughts are with everyone in Boston .

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all of our friends and family affected by the events at the Boston Marathon .

Explosions Reported at Boston Marathon - itstactical : Our thoughts and prayers go out to those in Boston .

two bomb explosions at the Boston marathon today

Horrible scenes in Boston my thoughts are with them

The Boston Bruins hockey game has been postponed tonight . They were scheduled to play against Ottawa Senators in Boston .

The scenes in Boston look awful . Terrible , terrible news .

Julie , Thanks for concern , watching from home , very sad . The terrible news re Boston Hope you 're ok .

If you do n't know what 's going on in Boston please shut up .

sadly we live in a world where you ca n't even go to school , the cinema , the streets or even a marathon without being s

If its North Korea bombing Boston #helloWW3

Our thoughts and prayers are with the many individuals who were injured or killed in the Boston Marathon today as

those calling for Holborn head , free speech , perpetrators of Boston atrocities link there somewhere

I just hope there wo n't be any more bombs etc. . All my Prayers and Thoughts are going to Boston !

so sorry to hear about the terrible news in Boston . . my thoughts are with all

Boston the Nation -LRB- we -RRB- are praying for you .

My roommate asks gore godiragetseng ko Boston . I honestly have no idea . Anybody ?

Praying for Boston . So sad . People are sick . Just goes to show people kill people , they do n't have to use guns to h

is disgusting already politicizing the tragedy in Boston , great job you all should be ashamed . #idiots

There 's no need to compare the Middle East to the Boston situation

After Iraq was invaded . . Who 's turn ?? #boston #bostonexplosion

can we all thank all the police , swat team , and anyone who helped the people in boston

Thoughts to all those injured and affected in Boston and much praise and gratitude to those helping #staysafe

I 've put two calls in to people with ties to the Waseca area who ran in Boston Marathon . No word yet .

What a horrible day for boston , thoughts and prayers are with you #boston

It 's scary to think that people ca n't even run in a marathon now without having to worry about bombs going off #prayforboston

there was a bombing in Boston and people are associating it with Muslims -LRB- zayn -RRB- it 's so out of order !! Xx

Press Briefing on the #Boston Marathon bombing LIVE -

News conference from Boston starting now . Mass. governor speaking first . WATCH LIVE : #BostonMarathon

Thoughts and prayers to those in Boston , cant wait for these cowards to be found and justice to be served

My prayers go out to all the people in Boston and their families .

Thoughts and prayers go out to the people who are in Boston right now . I mean , what kind of world do we live in these days ?

Prayers for Boston . Hoping my family and friends over there are safe

2 bombs go off in Boston 12 KIA , approx 50 WIA . more bombs have been found and disarmed . info still comming in

i liked it better when the bombs in boston were just people getting confused over adult swim advertisements

President Obama notified of Boston Marathon explosions , directs federal authorities to aid investigation -- WATCH : ht

sending good vibes to boston , heart goes out to the paramedics and everyone helping out and everyone hurt

Boston seap under obligation prolonged narcosis sortition casinos : . JCF

whats going on in boston is sad yo

Praying for those who were hurt in the Boston marathon earlier today

#bostonmarathon hope for no more fatalities . Thoughts are with Boston and families and friends affected .

I wonder if publicists for a certain major summer blockbuster are trying to muzzle their screenwriter before he gets crazy about Boston

No words for what happened in Boston today . #prayers

News , please stop . I ca n't take anymore . Praying for Boston and Dallas . Too close to home .

BREAKING NEWS : A GROUND STOP FOR ARRIVING FLIGHTS TO BOSTON HAS BEEN ISSUED BY THE FAA .

These days , tragedies like Sandy Hook , and now Boston physically exhaust me . My heart aches and I 'm angry . Thankful for the 1st responders .

Friends and family looking for information on Canadian citizens in Boston should call 1-800-387-3124 .

If you 're in Boston and can donate blood , check this , do it and make a change ! #PrayForBoston R

The footage from Boston is horrific . What 's the world coming to . #prayforboston

The truth is this could happen anywhere at any time . We ca n't afford to lock the world down no matter how tragic . #bostonmarathon #boston

Thinking about everyone in Boston . Actually , thinking about people in general .

Suspect in Boston Marathon Bombing In Custody ! Being held at an area Hospital in Boston !

Do n't see how the NHL could play in Boston tonight -- morally , emotionally or logistically .

Praying for Boston man bomb during a marathon thats not right

Only on twitter a minute and everyone 's talking about Boston it 's so sad

Take all of your happy , positive , and uplifting thoughts and send them to Boston , guys

Boston Marathon explosions cause Mass. . Senate candidates to suspend campaigning

Thinking of all the people affected by the bombing in Boston . What is happening to the world !? :-LRB-

It only takes one hate-filled idiot to ruin what otherwise is a great day for #Boston #BostonMarathon

RT : We need to keep LOVING to move the hatred out of this world . Our hearts are with you Boston ! #BostonMarathon

my geometry teacher was running the Boston marathon so please pray for him in case he was one along with everyone else .

Our thoughts go out to those who were affected by the tragic events in Boston today .

DO YOU THINK THAT THEY DONT FUCKING KNOW ? I DONT LIVE IN BOSTON

BREAKING NEWS : At Least 2 Killed , 23 Hurt in Boston Marathon Bombing :

people gan on about boston like they actually care . . fuck off it will be forgotten about by half of the people tweeting tommorow #Truth

Heart goes out to those families in Boston , such a tragedy :-LRB-

Our thoughts and prayers with the good people of Boston and all their guests from around the world who were in

#boston police commissioner just confirmed a third explosion .

Boston Police Comissioner confirm multiple casualities and 3rd incident JFK library and recommend people stay home and do n't congregate

Boston Police Commissioner : multiple casualties from simultaneous explosions .

Rest in peace for those killed in the Boston bombing .

Prayers go out to boston . Hope all of my followers and there families are ok .

Our thoughts are with all the Bostonians and marathon runners in Boston today . Truly shocked .

Prayers go out to everyone who was affected by the explosion in Boston today .

Targets boston , D.C , NY , Cali , Florida , and texas

Officials confirm 3rd explosion at JFK Library , not sure if it 's related to Boston Marathon blasts #fox5atl

Our hearts and prayers goes out to those affected by the incident today at the Boston Marathon . Please rally

Two Bombings At Boston Marathon , At least 2 Dead ,28 Hurt Near Finish Line #BostonTerror

Horrible stuff in Boston . Hard to believe what it must be like . Marathons are great days and some bastard has ruined lives .

aye but there 's a war going on there , not in the middle of Boston

Scary to think that I was supposed to be at the Boston Marathon today . And we always stand near the finish line , which is where it happened .

Wow . Boston officials telling people to stay in their hotel rooms and not congregate in large crowds .

I 'm really trying not to . We both have iPhones and my texts are n't going through . And she goes into Boston ALOT esp that area .

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the City of Boston and all those affected by this unspeakable tragedy .

Link ? I heard the Boston marathon was a blast !

Possible Bomb Threats in parts of America what kind of person would do this #PrayForNYC #PrayForBoston

Ca n't get in contact with my family in Boston Cell towers have been shut down Please God let them be ok . #prayersup for those affected

Explosion at JFK Library in Boston . Police chief tells people to stay home .

the pictures from Boston are so heart breaking , it 's so sad .

Fuck everyone making fun of Boston right now . You 're all dicks .

Patriots Day was always my favorite Holliday in Boston . Early Red Sox game lets out to see the end of the Marathon . I hope

Our hearts are with all of you in Boston . 3 #bostonmarathon

Boston Comic Con Scheduled A Few Blocks Away From Explosions

OMG OMG I DO N'T EVEN LIVE IN BOSTON AND IM SCARED WHAT HAS THE WORLD COME TO

Prayers go out to those harmed by the Boston Marathon Bombing

Boston Police commissioner : ` A 3rd incidentat JFK Library . ' Not certain incidents related , ` treating them as if

Our thoughts are with everyone in Boston !!! Run in peace !!!

Boston PD and speaking live on #CNN w / the latest on the explosions at the marathon . Just confirmed

To report info/tips about Boston bombing 1-800-494-TIPS

Thoughts and prayers for everyone near the explosions in Boston . So awful

Wow I just turned on the News saw what just happened in Boston , my prayers go out to the families of the lost

Our thoughts prayers are with explosion victims in Boston . So sad .

3rd explosion at JFK library now . #boston #PrayersForBoston

Just to let you know is hospital overnight . Nothing connected to Boston I promise . She 's just havi

Boston is one big bobby trap right now first at the marathon now at the JFK library smh #prayforboston

Please rt to let people in Boston know stay home and do n't go to places with large crowds

Man what are your prayers gon na do for Boston ? Get the fuck out there with some water bottles and food and comfort and stuff

On the news they said that 617.635.4500 is a number to call if you 're locating loved ones in Boston .

BPD : If you saw anything at this incident , or no any information that could lead to those responsible call BPD at 1-800-494-TIPS #boston

Praying for the victims in Boston . Too many sick people carrying out evil .

What 's wrong with the world ? Soon enough we 'll not be able to leave the house without the worry of being blown up wherever we go #Boston

I 'm just glad 's dad is okay at the boston marathon .

RIP to the souls in Boston and god bless those who survived

wonder how long it will take until the jokes start flooding through about The Boston explosions #Inevitable

2 explosions in Boston and one at JFK library . everyone stay safe pray because someone has it out for the US .

Just heard that is ok ! Thanks to everyone for tweeting ! Scared for everyone else in Boston . #Prayer

we worry about the little things.oneday something will happen within your life that changes it forever . never take a day for granted #boston

Boston police commish made no mention of suspects

Hold up what happened in Boston ???? #PrayForBoston

Sad day . My prayers go out to those affected by the Boston Marathon bombing .

Some people are so stupid and really fucked up wish The bomb blew up the people who set it up . #prayforboston

Tbh the reaction of some people about whats happened in Boston is like they 've forgoten about whats happening in Iraq , Syria , Palestine etc. .

UPDATE : Multiple casualties reported after two explosions at Boston Marathon #bostonmarathon

DFAT says it 's not aware of any Aust victims in #Boston but the Consulate-General in NY is working urgently to confirm .

Saudi National identified as suspect in Boston Marathon bomb explosions according to the NY Post :

At Boston Marathon , police have found at least 2 more devices , which are being dismantled

Shit ! What is wrong with people these days ! Thoughts go out to all the people involved in the Boston Bombings ! #prayfor

A 3rd explosion has been reported in Boston . You 've got to be kidding me My hearts go out to those who are

If you know anything about the bombings call 1 800 849 TIPS #prayforboston

What happened in the #Boston #Marathon was terrible . Please DO #prayforBoston not just tweet it .

Props to the emergency personnel in Boston working their ass off right now .

Boston Marathon Explosions Kill 2 , Scores injured : -LSB- highlight -RSB- About 22 people were left wound via

To the city of Boston , you are in my thoughts and prayers .

TWO NEW DEVICES HAVE BEEN FOUND AND DISABLED IN BOSTON , MAKE SURE IF YOUR NEAR THE INCIDENT TO EVACUATE

They showing this Boston Bombing and got me missing Judge Judy #ThatsThatShitIDontLike

Our thoughts go out to those affected by the bombings in Boston .

Pray for Boston ! Pray for our Nation !

Thoughts prayers go out to those involved with the Boston Marathon today ! #prayforBoston

it 's the Boston marathon today and someone bombed the finish line

State police , national guard , fire marshal , FBI , all working with Boston police .

Boston marathon is 1 of most celebrated public sport events in world , takes place on Patriots Day which marks 1st battles of US revolution

Boston Mayor : ` Horrific attack ' occurred today ; there are ` multiple ' casualties from blasts ; also an explosion at the JFK Library .

Honestly you people who go straight into saying muslim terrorists are behind the Boston and JFK Bombings , you 're a bunch of pathetic idiots .

Boston Police and Governor 's office asking you get in touch with them if you know anything or saw anything . 800-494-TIPS

Wow there was another bomb that went off . What is wrong with this world ? This is so fucked up . #prayforboston

Principle : your failing every subject . . me : people are exploding in Boston you ignorant bitch . #PrayForBoston

Prayers go out to the people affected by the bombing in Boston !

Let 's see how many RTs we can get in support of the Boston Marathon bomb victims . This nonsense has to come to a stop . #PrayForBoston

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all those in Boston today .

The Boston police and FD are doing a great job getting this situation under control #staysafe

Prayers go out to Boston ! Not fully sure what happened , but that 's horrible

Twin blasts at Boston Marathon finish line

Yes , you saw that right . She is trying to somehow use the Boston bombs to get One Direction to follow her on Twitter . Words fail me .

Four TT citizens registered for the Boston Marathon , three of them are US residents .

I 'm such a douche . It was a bad day in Boston . . My day does n't even compare . Praying for those affected . #humbled

Excited to be a member of the Tampa organization for 2 more years , but thoughts and prayers are with everyone in Boston

MA Gov Patrick DuVal asks people in Boston to stay out of crowds , calmly go home or to hotels .

Our thoughts and prayers go out to those injured in Boston and their families .

Bombings / possible terrorist attacks at the Boston Marathon . It 's a sad day when no one can feel safe anywhere anymore .

Stay Safe Boston , thoughts go out to those affected .

I 've watched an hour of rolling news about Boston now feel like a voyeur . Enough . Empathy to all affected but

Boston cops confirm 3 blasts at #BostonMarathon - 2 simultaneous 3rd approx. 4:30 p.m. Visitors told to stay inside

So absolutely awful to hear about Boston . Words ca n't express how awful it must be for any victims . #PrayersForBoston

I haz a sad 4 Boston peeps - hope they 're OK

BREAKING NEWS : A third bomb has gone off at the JFK Library in Boston , in addition to the two bombs at the Boston

Our crew just heard about the horrible events at the Boston Marathon . We all pass our condolences and thoughts to eve

You go to watch a movie , You get shot You go to school , You get shot You run a marathon , You get bombed.I hate thi

yeah half hour ago another one hit the JFK library in Boston !

via Erik Rush : Kill All Muslims in Response to Boston Marathon #FightingtheRig

Boston Police say two people were killed , 23 more injured during explosions . Story :

Boston Marathon bombs : Eyewitnesses describe ` war zone ' as two die and many lose limbs in explosions

My thoughts and prayers are with everyone in Boston , especially family and friends of the victims heartbreaking #bostonmarathon

Families looking for missing relatives at the #Boston #Marathon can call . 617-635-4500

BOSTON MARATHON : 3rd incident took place 30 mins ago . Treated as related , but can not be confirmed says Boston Police commissio

Either way it sucks . Just glad my sister decided to run in the Chicago and not the Boston marathon this year

Why was I tweeting about idols in the middle of a national crisis ? My thoughts are with you , Boston

New Kids On The Block Singer Joey McIntyre Finished Boston Marathon Minutes Before Explosions -

Images of the explosions in Boston are horrendous . Thoughts for those poor people caught up in it .

RT : Boston Police Commissioner : If anyone saw anything , call 1-800-494-TIPS .

12 dead , nearly 50 injured after 2 explosions rock Boston Marathon , suspect being guarded in hospital

Boston didnt get bombed by north korea . . watch cnn and calm tf down

Oh my lord . Just hearing about the Boston stuff . Holy cow .

Apparently there are rumours about other bombs scattered around Boston as well , fuck . People suck

Grace , Mercy , Healing and Love to All our Brothers and Sisters in Boston !!

There were 3 bombings , 1 at JFK airport and 2 at the boston marathon . It looks like a calculated and methodical attack . #BostonBlasts

Third explosion at JFK Library , according to Boston Police Chief .

BREAKING : are packing up their equipment and getting ready to leave the Boston Gardens . #ottnews

I guess I 'm not going to Boston for a weekend this summer anymore

the boston globe tweeted that was going to happen about a minute before it did .

#PrayForBoston actually pray for boston ! Do n't just say it !

30 minutes ago , another bombing at JFK library in Boston . . SMH . . What 's going on ?!

Appalled by news of explosion at Boston marathon . My thoughts are with everyone affected by it and all those waiting

the people in boston ran for charity and this is what happened to them ? The world is cruel .

Boston Police : We believe 3rd explosion at JFK library is related . #BostonMarathon

I 'm really behind . Can someone please fill me in on what 's happened in Boston ?! x x x x

Unbelievable . Praying for everyone at the Boston marathon today . Such a great event that will forever be changed

Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone at the Boston Marathon . We will provide an update on our team once information i

Puts it all into perspective after today 's events #Boston #JFT96

Dear followers from the US and specifically Boston : please be safe !

My heart is heavy watching the Boston Marathon news . My thoughts are with the athletes , spectators , families a

Please peeps ! This is my lil sister , Vanessa . if anyone in Boston sees her PLEASE let me know . h

617-635-4500 Mayor 's hotlinefor families trying to reach runners Boston Marathon

This world is becoming a really messed up place . Thoughts and prayers to all those in Boston .

Makes me proud that Boston emergency responders got so organized so fast . Total pros .

FAA restricts air space above Boston Marathon blast area by

Do n't pray for Boston . That wo n't help .

like you 're the keeper of Boston . How shut in are these people ?

Horrific news coming in from #Boston Thoughts are with those in the city .

ALL OF BOSTON 'S IN LOCKDOWN , THERE ARE BOMBS BEING FOUND ALL OVER THE CITY . . I 'm going to throw up holy shit but this

Abraham Lincoln shot dead , Titanic sinks , Hillsborough disaster and now Boston bombings . All happened on the 15th of April .

Two of my sisters are former Boston residents ; used to visit a lot . Such a great city .

Damn They Fucking With My Hometown Boston Bihh

i do but is boston east o west thou

This goes out to the people in Boston , Palestine , Iraq , Syria anywhere where terror occurs and innocents die #PrayFor

So saddened to hear of the terrible bombing in Boston . Our thoughts and prayers go out to all . #PrayerForBoston XX

I bet some people saying pray for Boston are some of the same ones that tweet daily they do n't give a fuck , I bet you do now

#BREAKING : A third Boston incident occurred when explosion happened at JFK Library : Boston Police commissioner

Our thoughts are with the city of Boston at this time .

So many people tweet to pray for Boston and I honestly wonder how many if those people actually pray themselves . .

Boston police commissioner : many bags abandoned when blasts occurred . All now treated as suspicious and bomb squad will

CBS News/WBZ TV reporting that third explosion at JFK Library/Boston .

I do n't care what religion you are , if you live near Boston , god bless stay safe I 'm praying for all of you

If you had a relative at the Boston Marathon and have n't heard from them , a hotline is set up , 617-635-4500 to locate runn

Props to the Mayor of Boston . He does n't have much info about the bombing , but at least he 's sharing what he knows . #PR

Crazy to see what happened in Boston . For all the negative talk about Superstorm Sandy : what if the storm saved NYC from

/ / just watch , Obama is going to cover up what happened in Boston the same way he covered up the attacks in Benghazi

SHOCKED !! 2 dead , 23 injured in Boston Marathon explosions / / t.co / YhKWpHA8b2

Yeah we 're all okay just stuck here in Boston for a while

I ca n't believe the news about Boston There are some disgusting people out there .

BBC News - Live : Explosions at Boston marathon

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected by the events today in Boston . safe list here

Someone tell me what English franks done why everyone is praying for Boston ?

Here we go again Breaking : Authorities ID a Saudi national as a suspect in Boston Marathon bombings

I hope your safe in Boston pal 333333 stay safe and my prayers are with you

Thoughts and prayers to and the Chicago crew in Boston . Be safe .

if i have any followers in boston i want you to know that i love you stay safe

my aunt was supposed to be running in the Boston marathon today #HopeTheyAreOk #PrayersForBoston

Prayers go out to Boston and those that were in the marathon .

My heart goes out to those who have been affected by the bombing in Boston .

Horrid-horrid-horrid ! TFN 's condolences to all those Boston victims . Our thoughts prayers are with you .

Prayers to those affected by the Bombs in Boston .

Our thoughts are with all of those affected by the tragic events at the Boston Marathon .

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all those involved with the tragic events in Boston today .

Thoughts and prayers go out to those hurt in the marathon :-LRB- #prayforboston

Obviously what happened in Boston was terrible but would everyone care about it if it was n't a country so linked with UK e.g Peru ?

What has this world come too !! Please pray for Boston !! #Prayforboston

Fire on CTA Red Line in Chicago tunnel was just a rubbish fire and has been extinguished , no relation to Boston bombing .

We have seen a version of Boston before .

shut up about the Middle East is worse okay this is a tragedy in boston right now

We can only pray and hope it ends soon #Boston

So glad those I know in the Boston area are OK . Praying for those who are n't . #BostonMarathon

Damn ! S/o to Boston ! That 's crazy ! We are going to have to have armored police everywhere !

Just now finding about the situation in Boston . Prayers condolences to those affected .

BOSTON : CELLPHONE SERVICE SHUT DOWN IN BOSTON TO PREVENT REMOTE DETONATIONS OF EXPLOSIVES . AP . # 911BUFF

Thoughts and prayers go out to every single person in Boston right now ! #PrayforBoston

What a day ! explosions at the Boston MarathonWe need to get kids into music and the arts and help our own future .

I love Boston and I am always spending time in the Back Bay . It 's heartbreaking to see it like this right now .

If u have any info on bombings -LRB- what u saw or heard -RRB- call #Boston police tip line : 18004948477 #BostonBombing

Finally , their is no such place as ` safe ' on earth anymore and we have lost all that makes us Human . #Boston

Prayers go out to all those affected in Boston bombing .

Next weeks London marathon will be interesting #prayforboston

Awful scenes from Boston . Hope it does not get worse . Those poor people #bostonmarathon

The Boston Marathon was in honor of the victims of the Newtown shooting , and someone set off two bombs . I 'm disgusted

I hate that I live in a world where news like what happened at Boston Marathon does n't shock or surprise anymore .

Seeing what happened in Boston is so scary the fact that these things can happen at any time makes it harder to feel saf

pray for everyone hurt in the boston marathon bombing .

The cautious media reporting of events in #Boston is commendable . The problem will come when known facts level off but co

If you have friends in Boston , text , do not call . Voice gets slammed badly during emergencies , text has better chance of g

Our thoughts and prayers are with all those affected by the tragedy in Boston . #prayforboston

I 'm so upset over the bombings in Boston . Sending love prayers to all those injured , their families friends .

Blasts near Boston Marathon kill 2 ; injury toll rising : 2 dead , 20 injured after explosions at

Poor poor people of Boston :-LRB- so sad . Praying

Total of four devices found in #Boston : three were exploded , another defused . #WPRO

What 's happening in Boston happens in Syria every other day but worse .

Prayers for all the people hurt and killed in Boston . #prayforBoston

Poor people running a marathon for charities and some sick fuck bombs it , smart ! Vile people in this world !! #prayf

Cell-phone service is being turned off in Boston to prevent more explosions from going off #staysafeboston

Boston PD say they believe third explosion at #JFKLibrary is related to two at #BostonMarathon . No injuries reported in third blast .

#PrayForBoston2 bombs exploded at the finish line of the Boston Marathon

Thoughts and prayers for those in Boston . Absolutely terrifying :-LRB- #prayforBoston

Then report that still checking if JFK Library was explosion or an electrical problem - per Boston PD scanner .

do n't you think that by running a marathon those people in Boston have suffered enough for one day ? Horrible #BostonMarathon #prayforboston

my heart goes out to people in Boston . . #prayforBoston

You will know if the explosions in Boston are acts of Islamic terrorism by silence of the media . IF bomber fits narrative WIDESPREAD COVER

Thoughts go out to the people of Boston , Baghdad Bahrain . All hit by a senseless act of violence . Depravity know

People really do n't think !!! it was NOT Korea who bombed Boston !

So people get mad when people say they praying for boston ? What do you want us to say fuck what happened ?

Not the best day to be trekking around Boston with three kids

If you are concerned about a loved one participating in the Boston Marathon , you can see the last time they

Our heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with all those affected by today 's tragedy in Boston .

At the finish line of the Boston marathon explosives went off and killed a buncha ppl now bunch more are going off

#PrayForSomalia I do n't care for #Boston hopefully all is well

why am I looking at the pictures of the Boston marathon explosion because I just wan na cry now

jorgekgonzalez : People in Boston are being urged to stay indoors and not gather in large groups . #fox35

Canadians caught in aftermath of Boston Marathon finish line explosions In the Vancouver Sun .

Explosion at the Boston Marathon . 2 other explosives dismantled . 3rd explosion went off at the library .

Weird , drove by a car completely engulfed in flames near Lynn outside of Boston .

Our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected by this horrific tragedy in Boston . Stay safe . #PrayforBoston

Hope the family are alright over in Boston

Wait wtf bomb explosion at the Boston Marathon ? Man come on people damn

it saddens me , we live in a world where someone bombs an event honoring lost children . what has this world come to ? #pra

Boston-centric homies , please check in : Am sure you 're all fine but give us a shout anyway .

Just watched panorama about that nutter in Korea and now heard about the bombs in Boston - world is fucked up !

hope your family and friends are safe out In Boston . Much love Dad #prayersforboston

Report : Man caught on video dumping backpacks into garbage cans minutes before the Boston Marathon explosions

Yea , the NYPost is like thatoften . Boston police would be the most accurate resource .

Boston Marathon hotlines : If you 're looking for family call 617-635-4500 With tips : 1-800-494-TIPS

okay i just confirmed JFL library is also in Massachusetts just some distance from the boston explosion

Video Explosions At Boston Marathon -LRB- 15/04/2013 -RRB-

My heart goes out to everyone at the Boston Marathon and their families . So sad and disgusted #loveforboston #PrayersForBoston

Our Thoughts and Prayers in Boston , Our Actions Online blog supporting response to

oh i saw the boston thing right before i went to sleep , it 's rather worrying , i do wonder what/why this happened : /

It 's scary knowing that we have fiesta coming up here in SA look what happened today in Boston . You never know wh

God bless those people in Boston .

Prayers go out to the victims and their families involved in the Boston marathon explosions . #prayforboston

Looking for someone in Boston ? Check here -- #BostonMarathon

Dark Knight Rises shooting , Sandy Hook shooting now , Boston Marathon bombing . I am so disappointed at what this cou

I just hope everyone in Boston is okay , and that things do n't get worse . .

Yo it 's fuckin Gotham city in Boston right now . The criminals of the world gettin smarter and more advanced everyday !

For every idiot with a bomb there are thousands of us dedicated to love and kindness they can never win.Hang in

Do n't just pray for Boston . Pray for America !

If you are looking for a loved one , please call Boston police on special line : -LRB-617-RRB-635-4500

Our thoughts are with the Boston Marathon participants and spectators affected in today 's tragedy .

AP just reported that Cell service in parts of #Boston will be cut to prevent possible remote detonation of bombs . #marathon

This situation at the Boston Marathon is a reminder to never take life for granted . Remember that each day is a gift . #PrayForBoston

Our hearts and prayers go out to all affected by the tragic events at the Boston Marathon today . May God comfort them .

My prayers are with the people of Boston , and for the brave folks on the scene helping and finding the ones

Prayers to Boston #BostonMarathon to get info of your loved ones call 6176354500 if you have any tips call 800 494 tips god bless us all

Thoughts and prayers to everyone affected in the terrible explosions in #Boston #BostonMarathon

BREAKING : Boston police commissioner : 3rd explosion at JFK Library , AP reports #bostonmarathon

Thoughts going out to the injured at the Boston Marathon . So Fucked up

God please be with the people of America especially those affected by the bombings #prayforboston

3rd explosion confirmed in Boston Library ! This is so sad . #PrayForBoston

Tryna have a productive day and I hear about this bombing . . #prayforboston

I 'm not seeing any jokes about the Boston Marathon bombing in my timeline . I guess that means I 'm following the right pe

Really sad to hear about the bombings at the Boston Marathon . Prayers and thoughts are with all those affected . #bostonmarathon

Twitter history tells me that most of the social media ` reports ' from Boston will not be fact by days end . Keep that in m

People will hash tag pray for Boston but in reality no such prayer will be made .

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all involved in the Boston attacks this afternoon . God can conquer this

RIP to all the innocent ppl that lost their lives today in the Boston explosion .

R.I.P to the people in Boston . Heart goes out to all those dead and injured 3 x

if youre from boston and over the age of 18 please donate blood . you could save someones life

Thoughts with all in Boston ! Terrible tragedy !

Google , have resources to find friends , family in #Boston after explosions :

Just watch the bomb go off on news #prayforboston

Please pray for the victims of the terrorist attack at the Boston Marathon today .

R.I.P to the runners who were killed by terrorists bombs in the Boston marathon , this should never happen to anyone especially now #respect

#News : Separate explosion hits JFK library in #Boston apart from the #BostonMarathan . No country is immuned from the acts of blood-tasty ones

bomb at JFK library , not known if two incidents are related #PrayForBoston

Prayers for those who were effected by the Boston Marathon

The only useful thing to say right now : I love Boston . Deeply .

I ca n't believe how cruel people can be . My heart goes out to the poor people who were injured in Boston .

Lord bless those ppl and there families in Boston .

Richard Whitehead : Boston Marathon scenes ` horrendous ' via

This boston thing pisses me off so much how could anyone want to do that ?!

so sick , ca n't even describe it #boston

What kind of world do we live in where people decide to bomb other innocent people #prayforboston

All Off-Duty Boston Police Police Ordered To Acrtive Duty : Following two explosions at the Boston Marathon , mu

Chilling scenes in Boston tonight ! There are some seriously sick people in this world

Watching wat happen in boston is devastating

Emerged from tax stuff only to find out about Boston . That 's fucking sickening . I 'm ashamed to share a species with whomever

Senators vs Bruins game has been postponed due to the explosions at the Boston Marathon

people just keep comparing Boston to Your Demise splitting up and war , I do n't understand .

Praying for those affected by the explosions in Boston . -LRB- Developing story -RRB- #umc #umcor

I hope everyone in boston is safe and my heart goes out to you all

Several Columbia runners were competing in the Boston Marathon , and many were confirmed to be safe .

6176354500 if you 're looking for any family who may have been injured . #Boston

Wait what happened in Boston !? Was it the Chinese guy ? #confused #prayforboston

stopp asking what happened in Boston and read the tweets . #annoying

I remember when London was being bombed back in 2005 -LRB- I think -RRB- and I know how scary and horrible it was so my prayers go

Boston going through some thangs , pray for them

This made my day after hearing the bad news from Boston .

Wow . My hearts go out to the families of those affected by the Boston Marathon bombing . Some people are so sick . I hope the

Crazy pic my friend just sent from Boston . Chills . - Cass

JUST IN : Cellphone service shut down in Boston to prevent potential detonations of explosives

Sending our thoughts and prayers to everyone affected at the Boston Marathon today .

reading more and more about boston is making me feel more and more sick at the world . i really dont understand people

You expect to struggle with a lot of things in a marathon . Cramp and exhaustion yes , not explosions . Horrible scenes in Boston

Thoughts and prayers with those at the Boston Marathon . #PrayForBoston

What is wrong with people ??? Such cowards . Exploding marathon finish lines for fun ??!! Awful . Awful . Awful . Boston - my heart is heavy .

#Pray4Boston Oh my goodness!My heart goes out to Boston.Just so upsetting Xxx #bostontradegy

Lakers fans put the Boston/LA rivalry to the side for now . Rivals or not , this is a tragic event that should n't have happen

Footage is horrific . Thoughts are with everyone in Boston . The news tonight sums up what a horrible world we live in .

God be with the people caught in that explosion at the Boston Marathon . . Jesus .

Thinking praying for all those affected by the tragedy in Boston at the #prayforboston #bostonmarathon

We are praying for those who were in the Boston Marathon . Lord , have mercy .

Prays go out to those at the Boston marathon .

Athletics : Two explosions at the finish line of the Boston Marathon are reported to have left people injured

The result of the two explosions at the Boston Marathon . #PrayForBoston

Thanks everything is ok with Kris , in the Boston Marathon . He passed 10 min before the second bom went off on that

Cell service in Boston is choppy . Just sent texts to friends/family in boston now I just got ta wait

terrible news about boston marathon . How sad for everyone involved .

I wake up to some Bombing in Boston ? Wow .

Please , if u are in Boston be careful and be safe ! Love from Switzerland , we 're praying for you .

Oh my . Just heard about Boston . My thoughts are with everyone there .

I just ca n't understand why anyone would be compelled into doing this . My thoughts are with the people of Boston .

For the record it is possible to be sad for those who died in Iraq and those who died in Boston at the same time .

Woah . What 's going down in Boston ?

Boston Police : Not ` Definitive ' On Whether Explosions Were An Attack via

Our thoughts go out to those involved in the Boston Marathon . What a ridiculously tragic set of events today .

heart goes out to the families of people injured in the explosions in boston

No injuries at the JFK Library explosion , Boston authorities say .

- love , love , love to all in boston and everywhere who are victims of hate

My prayers got out to marathon runners and the viewers of Boston Marathon .

Thoughts with people in Boston right now . Just horrifying .

People Die Like this everyday!why are they not Noticed?I do feel sorry for People in boston but what about the ones who are not mentioned !!

My thoughts and prayers to all of the #Boston Marathon victims . :-LRB-

Oh god this boston bombing thing is horrible :-LRB-

BREAKING : DHS Sec . Napolitano notified of Boston explosions ; Dept. of Homeland Security in contact w / state local author

What just happened ! Support goes out to the city of Boston !

Family meeting area on Boston Common apparently never materialized , per BAA .

What has this world come to ? I was literally there yesterday . Could have walked by the victims and/or the one who planned . Its sick . #boston

thoughts and prayers out to everyone in Boston 3 stay safe #prayforboston

Thoughts and prayers going out to those in Boston #BostonMarathon explosion .

BOSTON : POLICE AND FBI URGING ANYONE WITH VIDEO OF THE FINISH LINE AT THE TIME OF THE EXPLOSION SHOULD PLEASE

Wireless phone service has ben interrupted in Boston in order to prevent further detonations . Via

Whoever is responsible for the Boston explosions is DESPICABLE . I 'm ashamed to be a human being right now .

My love goes to all the people injured in the Boston marathon

Thoughts and prayers for the people of Boston today .

NBC , BBC , ABC all covering #BostonMarathon . 2 , possibly 3 explosions plus 1 unconfirmed controlled explosiuon by Boston Police .

Praying for the runners spectators and their families involved in the Boston bombing !

Heart goes out to those involved in the Boston attacks today

Lets hope they find the people behind the Boston attacks ASAP #prayforboston

Brace yourselves , USA is going to invade a new country #boston

R.I.P all the people who died in todays attack on boston .

MT Reports of marathoners who crossed finish line , continued to run to Mass General to give blood to victims #Pray

did you hear what had happened in Boston ?

NWCAVE sends prayers and concerns to everyone on the ground in Boston during bombings today - tune into our

Prayers go out to everyone in Boston and to the families who suffered .

My thoughts and Prayers go out to all in Boston

I WAS JUST ABOUT TO EAT SOME MACARONI CHEESE BUT I FEEL SO SICK BC OF THE BOSTON THING OMG :-LRB- -LRB- -LRB- im so scared

Pictures from Boston are horrendous . For all the terrorists they stop it only takes one to get through to cause death and chaos #Boston

Thoughts and prayers going out to the victims of the Boston Marathon Explosion .

So sad to hear about what happened in Boston . Sometimes this world is just horrid .

Prayers go out to everyone in Boston ! Especially the girl on my team , remain to keep her safe

Horrific news out of Boston today , where bombs rocked the finish of running premier race . To help find the status

RT Lets all take a moment to pray for everyone at the Boston marathon .

Alright people stop trying to gain RT with what happened in Boston stfu they do n't depend on you tweeting about it

Praying for all the runners at the Boston Marathon #PrayForBoston

AP : Cell phone service has been shut down in Boston to prevent any remote detonation .

Live Report : Boston police confirm third explosion at the JFK library , urge people to stay inside

This should help anyone who is still looking for a loved one in Boston

I know Boston folk have a shit accent but c'mon , there 's no need to blow people up !

6 more hours then I get to go help people in Boston

You do n't have to live in Boston to donate blood for the victims of today 's tragedy . Blood centers all over the US will be sending blood .

international phone number for relatives of Boston Marathon runners to call from the UK is : 00 1 6176354500 - pls share

Listening to the Boston police and fire scanner on my phone . #NuckinFuts

#HOPE MT Reports of Marathon Runners that crossed finish line continued to run to Hospital to give blood to victims #PrayforBoston

whoever is near or in Boston stay safe , I love you guys 3 #prayforboston

3 explosions ?! Omg ! JFK library in Boston ! What the fuck world ?!

Wow , these Boston bombings are wild as hell !! Ca n't believe this shit

617-635-4500 THIS NUMBER IS FOR PEOPLE IN BOSTON LOOKING FOR LOVED ONES . RT TO SPREAD THE WORD .

there are enough idlers without anything to do with their lives to keep terrorism in business . it has nothing to do with ideology #Boston

Lets Pray For Everyone that got injured/died at the Boston Marathon !! This is serious !!

I think everyone should pay respects to boston instead of acting like you know everything about racism and terrorism ju

Prayers for my stepmom today , she was running in the Boston Marathon today . Cant get ahold of her .

My thoughts are with all those effected by Boston Bombing . Tragic news we live in a sad sad world :-LRB- x

#Boston #Explosion scene seems to be centered on mail box and trash can .

how sad . prayers to all those involved in helping others in Boston .

This is the most vivid , chaotic and frightening video so far of the Boston explosion , as it happened ht

Guys most people in Boston are probably taking cover and wo n't be on Twitter right now u realise that right

#bostonmarathon cell service shut down in boston . Boston police commissioner telling us to stay out of crowds . Very scary

Getting conflicting reports about the Boston Marathon explosion .

My heart goes out to all the lives and families in Boston . Heartbreaking .

As I finish with my day at school , i just heard the tragic news about boston : / #prayforboston

ALL MOBILE PHONE HAS BEEN SHUT DOWN IN BOSTON FOR SAFETY OF FIRST RESPONDERS . PLEASE RT. .

To all our #EMSfamily working in #Boston we are thinking of you .

My prayers go to all injured in the Boston Marathon explosion / 3

Police Tweet Request for Video From Boston Marathon After Blast : The Boston Police Department tweeted a plea f

This half-arsed terrorist attack though go big or go home , this was just a mini bar-brawl #Boston

Those idiots responsible for this need their kiniko pierced gradually with a ` duwa duwa ' man 's sewing niddle #Boston

This world is just sick , horrible , vile . #pray for Boston .

I ca n't fathom this attack . . Things like this are n't supposed to happen . Not here , not Boston , not home .

reporting that authorities have confirmed they are guarding suspect , a Saudi national at the Boston Hospital .

Authorities confirm a 3rd explosion at the JFK Library in Boston .

Sick immure little fucks making jokes about Boston . #pathetic #wasters get a job and grow the fuck up

Damn y boston tho that weak ass city lbs .

White House Press CorpsSTREAM/BOSTON MARATHON EXPLOSIONS

If you 're in Boston stay inside and do not use your phone . Stay safe . You 're in our prayers #PrayersForBoston

Third explosion at library , Boston police confirm

We all use not to care about things as long as they do n't relate to us . Boston is scaring the shit out , killing thoughts burst off my head .

Our hearts go out to the victims and families at the Boston Marathon . #PrayForBoston

Bloody hell , I ca n't believe the whole Boston situation . It 's just one thing after another

UPDATE : Boston hospitals report more via

How do you not care about Boston ? Imagine if that was you and your family .

He said Boston is too close to Pittsburg ?

FBI has classified Boston Marathon explosions as a terror attack .

Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in Boston . Scary and sad . 3 3 3

Everyone in Boston today was so happy and excited and then this happened . im fucking disgusted . #prayforboston

Guys , if you 're getting mad at a celeb for not tweeting about Boston right now , you need to stop . Not everyone has he

And there 's me thinking I 'd had a shitty day , I see the horrendous and shocking news from Boston . #sickworld #preyforBoston

Everyone saying pray for Boston but I could count in one hand the amount of people that did !

Well my prayers go out to those in Boston #pray for Boston

UPDATE : Boston police say its a possible terrorist attack . Stay safe out there guys .

Thankyou to everyone who has been praying for Boston it means a lot !! 3

Boston Marathon explosion : Social media photos show gruesome scene after explosions near finish line

$ CBS and ABC are extending their evening newscasts to 1 hour tonight due to the bombing in #Boston . $ DIS #tv

bombs went off in Boston during a Marathon . -LRB- And that 's what we do in America -RRB-

Sickened for media friends in #Boston , in #Bruins family , for all touched by this . Horrific beyond words . Senseless , mi

Hearing horrible stories from Boston . This World is a terrible place sometimes . All thoughts with the people of Bosto

Do I have any Boston followers

Multiple reports of unexploded devices around Boston . Devices found are in the process of being dismantled .

Boston Bombs - Cell phone service is shut down in Boston , reports say thats how the bombs went off #boston #bombs

IF YOU ARE MAKING JOKES ON WHATEVER HAPPENED IN BOSTON THEN CONGRATS YOURE THE BIGGEST PRICK ALIVE PLEASE RECONSIDER YOU

Boston Marathon bombing devastating ? Drone missiles kill over twice as much of the people who died today in the middle east . Why always USA ?

cant believe that someone would set off 2 bombs #PrayForBoston

Two bombs just went off in Boston , what are dey doing abt that ?

If you live in Boston they are asking you to unlock your wifi to allow people to text and communicate . Cell

#prayersforBoston my prayers and thoughts to all ppl affected by the marathon explosion on Boston

The Boston Globe -LRB- BostonGlobe -RRB- on Twitter - libraryoftheancients : hunterheroici : The latest from The Boston

Crazy stuff in Boston . This world is fucked . #prayforboston

the thoughts of bombs and terror attacks make me feel physically sick and so so so angry #prayforboston

Stay strong Boston ! Hope everyone is safe , my heart and prayers go out to those who were injured .

Everyone in boston okay ? Hope none of my family felt like being a runner today

Feeling for my brethren out in Boston , Ma .

once again a sad day for the free world . tp the people of boston be strong those responsible will be caught

Hundreds of runners that had finished the Boston Marathon immediately went to the hospital to donate blood for the victims #GodBless

As a runner and a runner with the goal of competing in Boston this is horrifying . Thoughts go out to all involved .

Another sad day in America . . my thoughts and prayers are with the people of Boston #bostonmarathon

Our thoughts and prayers for the city of Boston and all of those affected by this tragic event .

What even happened in Boston ? I should seriously start watching the news

Cell service in Boston is shut down to prevent remote detonations . Hopefully everyone got in contact with their love

ffs if it terrorists that has done this in boston they need to be lined up and shot - end of .

Our thoughts and prayers go out to those in Boston right now .

Hoping our Peace Corps friends in Boston are okay . Members of were staffing a water station at Mile 23 : http

Boston Marathon Explosion : Finish Line Photo

If you do n't believe the explosions in Boston was a terrorist attack , you 've either been living under a rock , OR you are a rock !

Saudi national suspected to be behind Boston bomb . Now we wait for the military op .

The #FAA grounds air traffic into out of #LoganAirport in #Boston in wake of explosions at #BostonMarathon

Prayers too all affected by the Boston explosion . . #bostonmarathon #prayforboston

Cellphone services shutdown in Boston to prevent further devices being detonated . Now even harder to find out if your loved one is ok .

Keep Boston and every1 you can in your prayers . We all need it . #Livingineviltimes

Graphic photo : Victims lay on sidewalk after Boston Marathon blast -LRB- John Tlumacki/Boston Globe/Getty -RRB-

Seeing the man on top of the building in Boston makes you think this is going to escalate ! #scaryshit

did u hear bout wht happened in Boston ?

CONFLICTING NEWS : Police : Explosion at JFK Library may be connected to Boston Marathon 's 2 bombings .

All my best wishes and regards go to the affected victims and loved ones of the deceased and hurt in Boston . You ar

Thoughts and prayers with those in the #Boston area . It seems no peaceful event is completely safe anymore . #bostonmarathon

So whoever was on The Wanted 's band account deleted the tweet about fishing tweeted about Boston . This is why I

. Boston Marathon Bombs - very tragic outcomes , Australian Runners and Spectators appear safe , thoughts go to our American Friends !

Our thoughts and prayers are with the city of Boston and those affected by this tragedy #boston #bostonmarathon

Thinking and praying for all families suffering atm , both in Boston and Poole - both tragedies #prayforboston

OUR THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS GO OUT TO THE ATTENDEES OF THE BOSTON MARATHON , FAMILY , AND FRIENDS OF THOSE KILLED , OR

I have no idea what happened in Boston but I know spreading what a right wing rag says and blaming it on a Muslim makes you a complete ASS !

Trying to contact loved one in Boston-area ? You may have trouble with cellphone service shut down .

Boston Police : If you 're looking for loved ones , call 617-635-4500 . If you saw anything that could lead to an arrest ,

US Airways Flight 4082 delayed at Richmond International due to ground stop in Boston .

My thoughts and prayers are with the people of #Boston . Terror has no boundaries , but neither does the strength of the human spirit .

UPDATE : Cell phone service shut off in Boston area to prevent remote detonations after #BostonMarathon explosions :

#prayforboston my heart goes out to everyone in boston . i have family all around there so please #prayforboston #heartsout

Boston marathon bombing happened on same day as ` controlled explosion ' drill by Boston bomb squad via

Report : Cellphone service shut down in Boston to prevent remote detonations of explosives , official

AP reporting cell service shut down in Boston . . b/c you know that is the only way to remotely detonate a bomb .

you say there 's nothing wrong with u , yet Boston should be on ur mind , but selfies seem more important . SMH , get it together !!!

OMG the news coming out of #Boston this morning !

Did the Boston thing happen like 2 sec ago ?!

Our thoughts are with everyone in Boston tonight and to all those affected by the bombings there this evening x

Apparently a third bomb has been safely detonated in Boston . Awful news on what should have been a great day .

Only just heard about what happened in Boston . I ca n't believe people can be that disgusting . To kill other human beings , possibly with a

Our thoughts are with all those in Boston and their families as well .

Why no cellphone service in Boston ? It 's been blocked for fear someone would use a cell to set off another device .

Endless prayers today from me to Boston . This is so , so wrong and unfortunate .

Feel sorry for people in the Boston explosions

Shed light on this sky pad . Do n't patronise me by informing me where Boston is though .

Devastated by the news from #Boston . My hearts and prayers are with all the people and the runners ! stay safe !

Boston all over my TL . .

Video of the Boston Marathon Explosion - Atlantic Mobile

I used to live in Boston when I was younger . Crazy . Anything can happen but that does n't mean it should . #prayforboston

Cellphone service has been shut down in the Boston area . Families looking for loved ones call hotline : 617-635-4500

thoughts are with you and all your fellow boston people . Stay safe .

No cell phone service in downtown Boston ; shut down to prevent possible remote detonation , WBZ reports .

I wonder if the knobs on #mic even know where Boston is ?

My prayers go out to the victims in Boston . May God be with you all

First the movie shooting , then the school shooting , now the Boston bombing . WHEN DOES IT END !!!

What goes through your mind ? Why bomb a marathon ? Disturbed people out there who ruin innocent lives #BostonMarathon #Breaking #Boston

This Boston shit sickens me Picture your family out for a day doing something together like such Makes me tear up fam

Tonight on The Joe Show we talk with a reporter from the Associated Press about the incident in Boston . Live 10 pm

Praying for the quick recovery of those hurt in the Boston explosions , comfort to the families of those killed , and pea

Update : Cellphone service was shut down in the Boston area to prevent any possible remote detonations of explosives #BostonMarathon

Al says the Boston bombing is a anti gay marriage protest lmfao

MT avg Boston finish time -LRB- when most people are crossing -RRB- was 4:18 last yr . Explosion went off at 4:09:40 . Most people in area

so boston bomb 's . . here we go again lets see what the government say this time .

So sad for the city of Boston.I have so many loved ones there.Hard to see such sadness on this day of joy for the city ; their Patriots Day :-LRB-

This is so close to home ! Stay safe my Boston friends ! My heart goes out to those affected by this tragedy !

Thoughts and prayers out to the Boston Marathon families .

Boston bombings : police on heightened alert in SoCal :

UPDATE : Police are asking everyone in Boston to stay home ; if you do go out , do not travel in large groups .

Boston 's WBZ reporting Mass Gen Hospital treating 19 people - 6 critical and 5 serious .

What happened in Boston is a clear example of why I fucking hate humanity

Prayers go out those in Boston . We ca n't even run in peace . . how sad !

girl I just texted people I know from Boston

Ca n't believe what has happened in Boston today #prayforboston

So tragic whats happening in boston . Horrific :-LRB- heart goes out to everyone . So so sad :-LRB- -LRB- -LRB-

3 bombs just went off in Boston -LRB- an act of terrorism ! -RRB- nd y' all are worried abt Rihanna . . love the priorities guys . .

That is crazy what happened in Boston today my thoughts and prayers go out to the families Man this is crazy

Boston Blasts Spark Security Fears For London

I am in a U.S. Senate basement cafeteria room with 3 cops who are watching their phones CNN 's coverage of Boston expl

Boston did not deserve that I curse those who spreads evil upon them. : - *

Our thoughts and prayers are with those in Boston and their families today .

What is happening to the world ? Why a these bombs ? Killings ? Shootings ? This is why people go crazy . . #smh #prayforboston

My thoughts and prayers go out to those who are affected by the Boston tragedy .

If your first instinct about #Boston is to attack political opponents , you should be ignored forever . Looking at you ,

Please half of ya do n't even care what happened in Boston . You just want attention . I do n't really care to be honest :p

Our thoughts are with those affected by the Boston explosions .

Just heard about #Bostonexplosion I can not believe we ca n't even feel safe coming together for a marathon . I am so s

Boston shuts down cell phone service to prevent more detonations

innocent civillians ? i aint sayin this boston thing is good at all . just the us love in is annoyin when they do this elsewhere

New York authorities ramp up security after Boston explosions - via

The things that are happening now-a-days is just CRAZY ! Smh you never know ! Prayers for the ppl in Boston and the world

Prayers out to the wounded out in the boston bombings #prayforboston

My thoughts go out to the people of Boston . Terrifying , sickening and awful news . #prayforboston

Our hearts go out to those affected by the tragedy in Boston . #prayforboston

I covered three Boston Marathons , always positioned at the finish . Can not comprehend what has happened . Such a special

The human race is collapsing in on itself . We fear the things unknown when everything in broad light is killing innocent people . #Boston

so sick right now . . My family is from boston so its my second home . . praying that everyone and my friends and family are o

Warning : graphic photos . This is the most saddening links I have seen about the Boston explosions . # p

S/O : All My Boston Ppl #BeSafe

This is insane . People in Boston ca n't use their phones because it might set off bombs nearby .

Google rolls out Person Finder for those affected by Boston Marathon explosions htt

Heart goes out to everyone in Boston ! Some people are sick

#Google has a tool to help locate people affected by the Boston Marathon explosions

Anybody that makes a joke about this Boston situation getting blocked and Unfollowed cos ai n't shit funny about it !!

JFK = Library NOT airport as 3rd incident in #Boston

I tend to just tweet my thoughts and right now all my thoughts are on the Boston Marathon . . Problem ? Unfollow .

Our thoughts are with the runners , their families and those affected by this horrific tragedy . Stay strong , stay safe , Boston .

My legs have gone to jello with this tragedy . Remembering 9/11 , reliving the panicwe are with you , Boston .

omg . . Boston tweets are hella annoying lol . like calm down , shit happens there 's nothing we can do about it now

Thoughts and prayers go out to the people of Boston x

NEWS : Boston Police Commissioner Confirms Bombs At Marathon JFK Library During News Conference

Hmm this whole Boston thing is making my mom talk and bring up a whole bunch of stuff

Scary video posted by The Boston globe that captures chaos on Boylston St when the bombins took place

ALERT : BOSTON BOMBS TIPLINE : 800-494-TIPS . FAMILIES LOOKING FOR RELATIVES CAN CALL 617635-4500

Thinking of everyone affected in Boston !! This world is fucked up ! #PrayForBoston

I 'm retweeting anything that has to do with Boston #prayforboston

Frankly I do n't care what happens Americans or in Boston any more than Americans care about the 31 people who were k

Prayers going out to all in Boston at this horrible time . God Bless All !!!

bombing for peace is like fucking for virginity #prayforboston

After what 's happened in Boston , I feel my running career could be over . I 'm sure these terrorists will target the Leeds H

Embrace the moments to hug and share with your family and friends . Boston friends and families , you are in our thoughts and prayers .

My thoughts and prayers are with the injured and the families of the injured and deceased participants of the Boston Marathon .

How awful for a thing like that to happen #Boston #PrayForBoston

I do n't have family in Boston but I pray for those who do

hii ! Did you hear about the bombing in Boston ?

So , so grateful my mom who was running in the Boston marathon and my dad watching her do what she loves are safe ! #prayfor

Thoughts are with everyone involved at the Boston marathon

For #Canadians affected by the events in #Boston please call : 1-800-387-3124 for assistance .

My prayers go to the Boston Marathon #PrayForBoston

London manchester new york washington and boston are on bomb watch apparently . fucking hell

Programming Note : 10News at 6 is scheduled to run at 6:00 . NBC 's special coverage of the Boston Marathon will resume at 6:30 .

there were 2 bombs that went off at the finish line of a marathon in Boston . Please pray for everyone involved in it plz .

heeeellloooo :-RRB- thit you hear about boston ? Shocking right !!

I 'm honestly hoping that my step brothers uncle did n't run in the Boston marathon today #sosad

I 'm praying for Boston and us all at this point / : stay safe wherever you guys are !

Like a second home to me Boston . My prayers are with you .

Hey liam ! Pray for Boston there has been a bombing ! thank you x

My heart and thoughts go out to all victims of the Boston Marathon bombing . #Bostonmarathon x

The bombings is Boston are very similar to the plot of Four Loins

Our thoughts and prayers go out to those in Boston affected by today 's terrible tragedy .

Statement from Michigan Area Bishop Deborah Kiesey on #Boston explosions : #umc #bostonmarathon

Omg ! Boston Marathon bombs holy shit

JESUS FUCKING CHRIST . I was watching a musical about Batman and his queer friend Robin , and I come home to hear this ! OMYGOD #boston .

All cellphone services in Boston have been shut off ! Call the mayors hotline for information on family members ! #pr

The fucking ignorance in this world Sheesh I hope the sick fucks responsible for what happened in Boston have a slow and painful death

Shit gettin real n Boston

It 's sick that no one can watch a movie , have their child at school , or run a marathon without having to worry about dying #prayforboston

1-800-494-8477 : Please call Boston police line if you have ANY information that might be helpful or if you see any su

The first bomb landed on the Swedish flag #doomed #prayforboston

Ephrata accountant Sam Barnes completed the Boston Marathon before explosions today and is OK .

In #boston myself and OK . City in shut down . Explosion and fire at JFK library too .

For the latest developments in the Boston Marathon explosions :

Sending prayers to the beautiful city of Boston ! We are with you ! Enviando oraciones a la bella ciudad de Boston ! Estamos con ustedes !

Our thoughts and prayers go out to those affected by the explosions at the Boston Marathon .

Oh God , what kind of sick bastard would do this . My thoughts and prayers go out to all of Boston .

Waking up to the Boston Marathon news . Just terrible .

I 've heard that Boston has one of the highest rates of ppl who know CPR give blood .

thank you ! Boston is across the country but now L.A. is being rumored for attacks . I hope not : /

Sending prayers to Boston , and all of the beloved victims of this horrific act . #bostonmarathon

reporting cell phone service shut down in #Boston ; that would be to prevent remote cell phone detonation #bostonmarathon

Would put all my money on Boston bombings being dirty Muslims

Live stream : Boston officials press conference about Marathon via CNN

Google has started a Boston Marathon people finder - #BostonMarathon

y shuld i even pray for Boston

this pic needs to be sent to the Boston police department ! They 're looking for pictures with possible evidence !

Everyone stay away from trashcans in Boston , Bombs can be easily placed in them .

Cell service has been shut down in Boston so if you are in the area UNLOCK YOUR WIFI so people can contact their families

Bomb explosions at Boston Marathon and JFK Library . Cell Phone Service has been shutdown to prevent further

Breaking : Boston Marathon hit with major explosions

Fox News confirms a person of interest is in custody regarding the Boston Marathon explosions .

BREAKING NEWS : Two powerful explosions detonated in quick succession right next to the Boston Marathon finish line http

All this Boston news is crazy . I 'm praying for it to stop

The pictures of the boston marathon are bringing me to tears what is wrong with the world

Thanks to Jasmine , my whole timeline is talking about Boston Market smh lol

Explosions at the boston marathon ? People are sick

Today is an evil day in history - Titanic , Hillsboro , Belfast Blitz , Lincoln Assassination . And now the Boston Bombings .

My prayers go out to all those and their families who have been affected by the explosion during the Boston Marathon .

This world is a broken place . As Christians we need to unite and pray for Boston . My heart goes out to y' all .

Home grown would be my guess . #Boston

Our thoughts and prayers go out to those affected by the Boston bombing today .

Our hearts go out to those in the Boston Marathon .

Gon na be a highly emotionally charged VLM . run safe , run proud with a place for Boston in your heart .

pray for boston and pray for yourself because at this rate , it 's only a matter of time before something happens to you .

There will always be the immature cunts that try to make a joke put of something as serious as the boston bombings #prayforboston

Rest in peace to everyone in the Boston marathon that got affected

If you 're looking for a family member in Boston , cal 617-635-4500 . If you have a tip , call 80-494-TIPS -LRB- 8477 -RRB- # b

fandabbydoozy evening at bokwa/zumba :--RRB- but saddened by the news of the bombings in Boston ! :--LRB-

Aurora , Colorado . Newtown , Connecticut . Boston , Massachusetts . All within a year .

Esquire Speculates ` Waterer -LSB- s -RSB- of the Tree of Liberty ' Behind Boston Attacks : Jumping on the bandwagon of blam

It makes me sick to think that someone can do something like what just happened in Boston .

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the entire city of Boston . #prayforboston #prayingforboston

hi liam , a horrible thing just happened in boston and i 'm sad

Praying for Boston and my friend Cynthia in the race today

I wish yall would get it together about this damn thing that happen in Boston

oh my : c it was terrifying to see those Boston bomb attack videos , and more terrifying to know this is an everyday reality for some people

Two dead , 46 injured according to the Boston CBS affiliate WBZ .

Our thoughts and prayers are with the city of Boston and particularly with the spectators and runners

Praying for all those in Boston right nowsuch a tragedy .

We all need God to c us through . To all the victim in Boston be strong .

there was a bombing in Massachusetts . Right at the finish line of the Boston Marathon . 2 killed 23 injured #prayforboston

Sending so much love to Boston #prayforboston

Absolute loss of words . Praying for those in Boston .

Whoever was the motherfucker who was behind the bomb attacks on Boston is going to get fucked up badly

Prayers to all the victims caught up in Boston marathon !! #

Google 's PersonFinder launched for Boston Marathon Explosion :

only cell phone service is shut down in Boston . Maybe a moment of Twitter silence

MUSLIMS have just bombed a Marathon in Boston . Many slaughtered . ISLAM NEEDS TO GO ! -- you sound

Horrible photos . Boston police : 3rd explosion at library via

15th April 1989 : 96 Liverpool fans were crushed in Hillsborough . 15th April 2013 : 2 explosions in Boston , USA .

Who cares about made in Chelsea when such crap is going on in Boston ? #prayforboston

Our hearts go out to our friends in Boston . We are praying for that community . Justice will be served to those who commit c

The number of injuries in boston keeps increasing :'-LRB-

Boston Marathon explosion : BREAKING NEWS : ` At least two people dead and dozens more seriously via

Unbelievable events occurring at Boston . Thoughts go out to all that are affected by the bombing . #BostonMarathon

Sending prayers out to the people in Boston , terrible news .

But like there 's other places being bombed everyday , why is everyone just crying about boston

Just heard the sad news from Boston . Thoughts with victims and their families .

New York , Boston and London have been declared unsafe . Oh . My . God . I 'm . Terrified .

BREAKING NEWS : NBC is now reporting that more than a 100 people are being treated for injuries after Boston Marathon explosions .

Watching the video of the bombs going off in Boston gave me the chills . Wow . #PrayForBoston

TRE EKSPLOSJONER I BOSTON under #bostonmarathon !

Tragic event in Boston . Just goes to show that banning guns will never stop idiots from taking innocent lives .

My cousin is In Boston for a senior trip ! #prayforboston

If you do n't pray or believe in God , do n't go around telling me to pray for Boston . I doubt you 'll even do it yourself .

Canada is thinking of you Boston . . #bostonmarathon #prayforboston click link to stay informed

Our thoughts are with the people of Boston and marathon runners .

Do n't know which is bad Kobe 's Injury of The Boston Tragedy ? I think it 's the Boston Tradedy

Boston Marathon is the world 's oldest annual race . Therefore , THOUSANDS of people were there today competing - B via

Absolutely horrifying to think about what happened in boston . What has this world come to ?

Fuck . Just woke up to see Boston bombing . Seems they 've caught a suspect . Hope all my tweeps are okay !

There are reports of Boston Marathon runners that kept running to MGH to donate blood to victims . #BostonMarathon

Geez , conference calls all afternoon and return to this Boston debacle .

Families searching for relatives who ran in the Boston Marathon can call 617-635-4500 .

Thoughts and prayers to the victims of the Boston Marathon bomb explosions that happened today .

So sad what happened today in Boston . . some people are so unbelievable ! #BostonMarathon #PrayerForBoston

Boston Marathon Bombing Suspect Captured But No Details Yet via |

Sending my thoughts/prayers to everyone in Boston . Such a sad thing . Never ceases to amaze me how monstrous a person can

Sad that there was explosions in boston , however I 'll shout out my Nigerians that have to live in fear of Boko haram every

BAD BECAUSE MY FRIENDS MY IS N'T HOME YET AND SHE LIVES IN BOSTON

Boston has STRONG links with the IRA . That 's my guess

Hello ! Did you hear about Boston ? Tragic : / / /

My heart goes out to all those in Boston . You 're in my thoughts .

So sad to wake up to that news . Best wishes to my #Boston friends .

A local #Boston radio station is streaming live coverage : Various news channels . #BostonMarathon

Boston Police : No Arrests Have Been Made -LRB- aka , the NYPost story is INCORRECT -RRB- #BostonMarathon

SP man blocks from explosion at marathon : #BostonMarathon #prayforboston

did you hear about the double bombing at the Boston marathon ?!?!?

My prayers go to everyone in Boston . It 's an awful world out there , people are just sick twisted . It 's horrible .

Just reading about the incident in Boston

my thoughts and prayers are going out to anyone affected and their families associated with the Boston bombings #prayforboston

a certain 24/7 sports network finally decided events in Boston were worth preempting further talk of Kobe 's achilles .

Even though I do n't know anyone in Boston I 'm still praying for ALL of you .

My prayers out to Boston today . Sad just sad .

Prayers for everybody in Boston . What is this world coming too .

Shocked about the news in Boston , I ca n't imagine running towards the finish line after 26miles then suddenly having to run for your life .

Yes several bombs went off in boston at 3 pm today .

Life can change in the blink of an eye . Live the best life you can NOW ! Prayers for those suffering in Boston today .

New York : All flights from LaGuardia airport to Boston have been canceled following the terror attack .

Holy shit turn on your news ! there was an explosion in Boston !!

Sad news coming out of Boston , I really do n't understand the world we live in at times . #BostonMarathon

Can we talk about how sickening it is that an injured Saudi man is being reported as a suspect by everyone BUT the Boston police ?

i live in boston and my family got hurt

if you 're more concerned about band members than you are with the boston explosion you need to re evaluate your life

To what end did they think these bombings were going to do ? All it did was tear those from something and someone they love . #PrayForBoston

Please.pray for Boston and people injured at marathon bombing . #prayingforboston

God Please Help Our Law Enforcement Find The People Responsible For The Terrible Attacks On Boston , But Most Of

what happened in Boston ? I read somewhere about a bomb , is it true ?

I 'm sick to my stomach thinking about what happened in Boston . Praying for all involved .

Best wishes to those in the boston bombings .

Our heartfelt thoughts are with everyone at the marathon and in Boston . #PrayForBoston

Bless the children 's Parents who were doin something for a positive cause and got hurt in Boston Prayers up .

the news channels get paid extraaaaa for pandemonium #PrayersForBoston Boston Marathon #cnnlive

I know the Boston Muslim Community will be in full force helping where needed ! #PrayForBoston

To all my followers that live in boston Stay safe .

My prayers go out to the families affected in the Boston marathon

Do n't understand why people from dundalk are retweeting these things for people in the Boston area

Every body praying for Boston pray for

The Boston Globe now reports at least 100 people are being treated for injuries

Guys if you 're in Boston and are able to donate blood these are the locations where you can # B

just got home nd finding out bout the bombs in boston . why do people show so much hatred against everyone ? cant we stay in peace ?

Hope they catch who set those bombs in boston

2 explosions just occurred at the Boston marathon , injuring dozens of people who trained their life for this one day . . c

People are crazy prayers for boston and the world

why bomb boston . Whoever tweets me saying its sly will get an RT and a follow , maybe even a mention . #prayforBoston S.B.S = save bostons souls .

No good praying for Boston . If a so called god was real would he let things like this happen ? I think not . #HopeForBoston

awful scenes in Boston . Would also like to spare a thought for the 100s of innocents killed in Iraq and Syria every day by bombs .

I think , in light of what happened in Boston today , it would make the city feel better if we all , for one day , just said that t

Ya really do n't care about what 's going on in Boston cause you not effected by it . Ya just want RTs and someone to

Praying for Boston and America in general , hope no more lives have to be taken 3

Thoughts and prayers to everyone in Boston today . What is this world coming too ?

Please stop bring any Muslim into this bombing situation . Those jokes are so cruel Muslims are good people . Not

JFK Library fire is confirmed now related to 2 boston marathon explosions , another suspicious package found near ha

Just wanted to go to bed and now I m seeing the pictures of the Boston Marathon bombing . I m out of words . So sad - tears :'-LRB-

My thoughts are with the families of the deceased and injured in the Boston bomb attacks #PrayForBoston

After seeing what Boston is going thru I feel horrible for complaining about the snow earlier ! #prayforboston

Titanic sinks , Hillsborough disaster and now Boston bombings . All happened on the 15th of April . #Shocking #PrayForBoston

Prayers go out to boston and the explosions . Its scary how it could happen anywhere , any moment . Dont take your life for granted .

Thoughts and prayers for the victims of the Boston Marathon explosion . Very tragic . #PrayForBoston

Wait hold up who 's getting blamed for this Boston stunt ?

Praying for everyone in Boston !! Crazy world and people

The last mile was dedicated to the New Town Connecticut families and that is where the bombs went off at the Boston Marathon

Our thoughts are with those in Boston . While details are still developing , if traveling , please track status at

the ONLY positive I can get out of this Boston crazyness , is that there we sooo many EMT 's right on the spot and ready to help .

My niece goes in 3 months to boston hope its safe then

Fox News contributor ALREADY blaming muslims for Boston Marathon bombing . This just pisses me off #p2 #rwnjs #Bias htt

Police : Two dead after blasts at Boston race - Boston police say that two people are dead as a result of two explo

May god be with those in Boston who were affected by those bombs smh

Talking to Deek in Boston now . 891ABC #Adelaide brekky . Tragedy this Boston Marathon afflicted by this . Aboriginal runn

Awful news from Boston . What 's wrong with this world ! I must go to bed though as I have a flight at a very civilised hour -6.15 am !

Touching photo from the AP out of Boston :

My thoughts are with all those who have been affected by the tragedy that occurred during the Boston Marathon today . My Heart is with you .

Our hearts and prayers go out to the Boston community and all Marathon participants . Thank you to all first responders .

OOC : to all of my Boston followers , please stay safe . To anyone affected by this , my thoughts are with you 3

Robert de Castella , in Boston : I have nothing but disdain for individuals involved in this sort of action #breakfast

what happened to boston ? I 'm lost .

If you 're looking for or have info about someone at the Boston Marathon , Google has set up a person finder :

this goes out to Boston , love u

I Wish for peace in our World Wish for a world full of open hearts and minds instead of terrible wars . . My thoughts go to Boston !

#Prayforboston so sad my prayers are with the people if Boston

I know people in Boston , the fact that there might be more bombs is so terrifying . #prayforboston

. . people are tweeting about boston to show their respects init . . jam with the stupid tweets about how people are attention seeking

Congratulations to my godfather for his slower than usual Boston marathon time , for once a Quigley 's running late was a

Media doing what they can to get it right , but consume all you can with ample salt . #boston

Looks like Al Qaeda are kicking back with vengeance #Boston

Watch : Press conference on Boston Marathon bombing

If you work at a business in boston now would be a good time to unlock your wifi so people can get in touch with relatives .

Boston is not the only thing in my prayers .

is rather ride a marathon anyway ! I can have a seat anytime I like ! #prayforboston

Some of the fangirls who live in Boston near the bombings are on twitter tweeting that they are scaredjust proves how addictive twitter is

Praying for everyone in Boston . I ca n't even imagine what y' all are feeling .

These tech tools can help you find loved ones at the #Boston #Marathon .

CBS live video for Boston Marathon bombings :

be really careful when looking up info on the boston marathon , guys . there are some extremely graphic images floating around .

To the injured in #Boston ; thoughts and prayers . To the rest , eyes wide open . And live large ; do n't let these motherf

My hearts going to all the people at Boston

We 're in contact with our photographer Alejandro Silveyra who is blocks away from the explosions in Boston . Follow u

Our prayers are with everyone at around the Boston Marathon .

White House photo of Obama on the phone with FBI Director Robert Mueller after Boston explosions :

My thoughts and prayers are with those in boston today #prayforboston

Street level HD Video here recorded both Boston explosions and scene before emerg arrived .

hope all my friends in boston are safe !

It 's scary to know that I was staying at the Lennox hotel which was one block away from where the bomb was set off in Boston . .

Thank you Boston Police Knock Down NYPost Story about Suspect in Custody via

Boston Globe video captures the horror and chaos of the explosion at the marathon today , as it happened .

15th of april is n't a good day . Titanic sank , lincon got shot , Hillsborough and now boston . #PrayersForBoston #jft96

Prayers go out to the people in Boston but please tweeters yall are tweeters NOT politicians stfu

yea I 'm good , I 'm at work in south Boston right now .

Sending prayers out to all of those affected by Boston Marathon Tragedy .

The Boston bombing is sick . These people are helping others , and In return they get bombed ? #bostonmarathon #PrayForBoston

MT Listen to Boston Police , Fire , and EMS scanner radio live : #Boston #bostonmarathon

Oh my Christ what on earth is wrong with someone to do this in Boston ?

My heart is so heavy . Praying for everyone in Boston .

Google rolls out Person Finder for those affected by Boston Marathon explosions PLS RT

We love Boston My raw video shot from finish line just as first explosion goes off

My heart goes out to everyone in affected by a coward 's actions in Boston , on Patriots Day , in a city symbolic of the Freedoms we enjoy today

Stay Strong Boston New York is with You

Pray for Boston will soon be trending when we should really be praying for the world #Truth

Terrible news in Boston . Must be stopped .

My thought and prayers go out to Boston #prayforboston

Prayers go out to the families in Boston

Sending thoughts and prayers to all those impacted by today 's tragic events in Boston . #BostonMarathon

God bless everyone affected by the Boston marathon bombs today . I 'm just sick to my stomach . Just why ?! I want to have f

three bombs went off in Boston

Boston Police Commissioner : We are not certain if three incidents related but we 're treating them as if they are .

Bombing in boston is horrendous . Thoughts , prayers to those who have lost their innocent lives or been injured.Callous

Funny how most of them will be expressing their sympathy for Boston yet still sending you death threats .

After the game , those should be autographed auctioned off for the Boston Marathon tragedy !

My condolences and sympathy to bereaved families and prayers for injured in Terrorist explosions in Boston , US

This is terrible about Boston . BUT remember , this is America . Best weapons in the world . They 'll destroy anyone . #TeamObama #Pray4Boston

Get out of lacrosse and I see thos pray for Boston stuffwhat 's wrong the some people ?

Just heard there was a bomb at the Boston Marathon . My thoughts go out to those affected

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected by the bombings in Boston . #PrayForBoston

If you 're in Boston and can donate , here are the locations to give blood : #BostonMarathon #prayforb

BREAKING : ` Dozens of people seriously injured ' after 2 explosions near finish of Boston Marathon -LRB- via #CNN

Love the city of Boston - stay safe #prayforboston

The guy that was running in Aj 's honor at the Boston Marathon and the lady carrying his liver are safe . Thank God !!!!!!

SAUDI NATIONAL HELD In Connection With Boston Marathon Bombings #news #conservative #uncategorized

Current understandind is there were no threats on the Boston Marathon prior/contemporaneous to this incident .

Wow , just heard about what happened at the Boston Marathon , pray for all of those involved .

My prayers go out to all who have been hurt by the events at the Boston Marathon #inmyheart

If you are honestly blaming #muslims for the attack in Boston you are doing so on no grounds and you are a pathetic , racist , bigot .

San Francisco 's heart aches for Boston . What a nightmare -LCB- :'-LRB-

People jump to conclusions that it was Muslims who bombed Boston I think we should wait until we get a full report on what actually happened

Boston Police Dept. Update JFK incident appears to be fire related

My hearts go out to the families and people who were participating in the Boston Marathon

All our support to people in Boston #prayforboston

So Boston got bombed in a marathon ??

After Boston Marathon explosions , LAPD says they 're beefing up security at local sporting events .

To think I was in Boston a few weeks ago and now there have been bombings :O

Prayers to Boston . In Jesus name no more death and noire terrorist .

#News update : US security clampdown after Boston marathon bombs

Explosions at the Boston Marathon :O and its though to be a terrorist attack

RT if ur caring , tweeting , showing respect for Boston FAV if ur tweeting people to follow u. . I want to see who cares !!!!!!!

Were you in Boston today for the marathon ; were you near explosions at finish line ? What are you seeing and hearing ? Email peabod

Prayers go out to boston families And people hurt In terrorists attacks on east coast family !!

They blocked all calls to Boston . Why ?

what 's the joke about Boston . . what happened ????

This world is becoming sick ! People getting bombed for running for charity ? Absolutly stupid ! #PrayForBoston

Prayers to everyone injured and their families at the Boston Marathon today ! #prayforboston

Google has activated Person Finder for the #Boston Explosions

Stay safe man ! Prayers for you and Boston

Thoughts are with Boston tonight , so tragic ! Applaud people rushing straight to the scene to help or to donate blood #BostonMarathon #heroes

Oh my goodness . We need to keep Boston and surrounding areas in prayer . Lord keep them close to you !

Explosions rock finish of Boston Marathon - 2 dead , 22 injured

All of my love , hope and best wishes to everyone and anyone effected by the monstrous events in Boston .

My thoughts and prayers go to fellow athletes in Boston . Stay strong . #PrayForBoston #BostonMarathon #AP49

The fact that someone would bomb anything let alone a charity event is so messed up , I have no words.It could have bee

The Boston Globe footage of the explosion is just horrific

#BostonMarathon #Boston was the saudi suspect only arrested cuz he is a #saudi we are not terrorists !!!

Heart goes out to those affected in boston

Deadly explosions hit US city of Boston

#Boston explosions : Boston Globe now reporting 100 hurt . Brand new info live on right now . Get to a TV .

My heart goes out to everybody that got injured or died by the explosions at the boston marathon . It is really

Lets pray for the innocent victims at the Boston Marathon senseless explosion !

It 's a bit odd that Boston has shut down mobile phone signal towersand other US cities on high alert does n't sound great tbh .

I DONT CARE ABOUT BOSTON SORRY CRYING OVER AVENGED OOPS

#Boston police have made , no arrests , #Saudi or otherwise . There 's enough tragedy today , stop with your racist xe

Heart and prayers go out to those affected in Boston today . He heals the brokenhearted and binds up their wounds . -LRB- Psalm 147:3 -RRB-

What Boston lives with today , Israel has lived with since inception .

So Obama rushes to new town but does n't go to Boston ?

Half of you do n't pray for your own fucking families , but you quick to say you 'll pray for the families in Boston ? Lol

Of 374 British runners in the Boston marathon , 113 Brits had yet to reach the finish line when the explosions starte

NJ Transit : Heightened State of Alert Following Boston Marathon Tragedy

People are so fucking immature , what 's happening in boston is n't funny .

TPM : Boston PD deny reports that anyone is in custody following Boston attacks -

: Thank you . A Higher Power is looking over the City of Boston tonight . May they stay safe . I lived in Nahant , MA. , so it its home x

Prayers to the victims of the bombing in Boston ! So sad !!

Smh people ca n't even run a fucking marathon these days . #PrayForBoston

Every damn channel is covering Boston . Who the hell cares what ESPN has to say on it ? That 's y we watch sports #RealWorldRelief

My thoughts and prayers go out to Boston Why do these things have to happen

I ca n't see what happened in Boston tonight being the last .

I get sick when I think of how terrible people can be . I mean seriously , why do people do this shit . #Boston

Thoughts and prayers 4 all those who r affected by the attack in boston also to all the responders and civilians helping #prayforboston

Shocking about Boston , great place , great people . Terrible news

The Boston REDSOX were playing in Boston today too

Unbelievable scenes in Boston , why do they do this to innocent people #bostonmarathon

Thoughts prayers for those affected in Boston , very close to my heart with family there spending loads of time training out of Brockton .

Boston cell phone service has been cut off . Police urge people to stay inside . 617-635-4500 to check on loved ones . #PrayForBoston

Thoughts go out to all the runners , families , and everyone else in Boston ! Please be safe !

Listen to interview between reporter Ben Lypka and runner Mike Heiliger , who just completed Boston Marathon -

Thoughts and prayers go out to Boston ! Very sad day . WTF is wrong with people . #bostonmarathon

#prayforboston #Boston senza parole Explosions at the Boston Marathon :

Why do people do these terrible things ? Thinking about those in Boston . #prayersforboston

Very up close video of the explosion from the view of the finish line from the Boston Globe :

Thanks for all the birthday wishes , hope the shit bag who set the bombs in #Boston blew his dick off .

Prayers out to #Boston and my friends who live up there in Massachusetts and the city of #Boston

clearest video yet of the explosions from the boston globe : absolutely chilling

My heart goes out to those in Boston , what a cruel , cruel thing to happen at a charity event #prayforboston

Prayers going out for all the families that have #family in #Boston :'-LRB-

Our thoughts and prayers with the people and victims in Boston today . Mexico Lives United with Boston

Thoughts going out to Boston friends , hope none of them were injured in the marathon explosions .

My heart goes out to all those in Boston Marathon . . my old neighbor was runnin today .

#Breaking : Obama briefed by FBI Director Mueller and Homeland Security Secretary Napolitano on Boston incident

Cell service in #Boston was shut down to prevent remote detonations . Google launched PeopleFinder :

Watching the devastation in #Boston My heart and thoughts go out to the victims , their families all affected

9/11 was planned out . The theater shooting was planned out.Sandy Hook was planned out.N now Boston ? #Killuminati #

last time i heard of boston was in the suite life of zack and cody

Boston Marathon blasts prompt UK review of London Marathon #BecomeTheNews

Anyone planning to run the London marathon next week please do ! Do n't let them win ! #prayforboston

there were bombings at the finish line of the Boston marathon .

These ppl be training hard as fuck to complete the Boston marathon then someone goes an blows the shit up , damn

If anyone is making jokes about the situation in Boston they deserve to be drowned

I send a prayer with every heartbeat to the people out there in Boston ! #prayforboston

guuuuurl ! Everybody talking bout that boston thingy , you over here talking bout love ! Wuuut

Goodnight all and Not a good feeling to end the day with such horrible news from Boston.Thinking of all involved people .

Boston Marathon explosions : 2 dead , more than 20 hurt - Chicago Tribune : CBS NewsBoston Marathon explosions : 2

CNN National Security Analyst Warns Of ` Right-Wing Extremists ' Behind Boston Bombings Really ?!?!?!?

So uh , my mom has a conference meetin in Boston tommorow . . I think she should just stay here . #PrayForBoston

Please , Lord , be with those and family of those injured/killed at the Boston Marathon this afternoon . Amen .

Dad mom me and brother are watching the news about Boston

How can people even have the audacity to make up these jokes about boston ? There 's people there that are dead or dyi

Prayers go out to the city of Boston mann , its a shame

I ca n't imagine how difficult it could be for the families in Boston

Today , at a Boston marathon , 2 bombs went off , injuring many people . My prayers go out to Boston x #PrayForBoston

Watch , some weird Illuminati video is gon na come out on Youtube about this Boston Marathon it 's gon na have everybody

Boston marathon . . Crazy . Absolutely unbelievable . I ca n't even speak . Horrific . My thoughts go out to victims and families . Stay strong .

3 bombs goes off in boston the world talks , millions of bombs go off daily in Palestine / Afghanistan/Iran/Iraq and no1 talks ! #WhatTheFuck !

Boston , Sandy Hook , I feel like Rhode Island is next for tragedy .

This is so sad about all the #boston runners marathan . Thoughts and prayers go to them and there familes and friends #teamleebee

Shockingly sad whats happened in Boston , some people are sick in the head ! Hope they find the culprits ! #prayforboston

I actually teared up looking at the images of the Boston Marathon . . My heart goes out to them all .

I been gone all day . What happened in Boston .

My heart hurts . Thoughts and prayers go out to the people of Boston . #prayforBoston

Basically there finding bombs all over the city of Boston oh damn

So the runners at Boston kept running huh

Aftermath of the Boston Marathon - Graphic warning

As someone directly involved in 7/7 London bombings this Boston situation is very sad . Best to all involved , bar the scum

Life size juxtaposition . Terrible news of Boston bombings on news in living room / Beautiful sounds of my daughter singing in kitchen .

Boston explosion video -LRB- Watch at your own discretion -RRB- --

#prayforboston an absolute vile thing , innocent people have lost their lives , hearts go out to everyone in Boston a

What we know about the explosions , aftermath at the Boston Marathon

This stuff happens in Syria everyday , thousands of people are dying . Why da fuck is everyone makin a big deal outta Boston ?

Boston Police confirm third incident at JFK Library was a fire and not an explosion .

Proud of Medical Director , Dr Jeremy Metzler for helping those injured in Boston today . #prayer

Prayers go out to everyone affected in the Boston marathon #PrayForBoston

God just seeing the news about Boston , terrifying . Prayers for Boston #bostonmarathon

Sympathies to all in Boston , hope they catch the perpetrators soon

One things for sure , whomever bombed the Boston Marathon is a real dirty bastard . Love for you Bostonians !

Let me reiterate . 33 dead in Iraq bombings . 2 dead in Boston bombings . Hardly a mention of Iraq . International travesty in Boston .

The bombings in Boston are only the beginning to something bad We need to be prepared .

Our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in Boston and anyone effected by this madness .

What the actual fuck you would think you were safe running a fucking marathon thoughts and prayers go out to Boston and

I just saw the video of the Boston bombing . Absolutely tragic . My prayers go out to those who got severely injured or died . #prayforboston

titanic sank-april 15th , hillsborough disaster - april 15th , boston bombings - april 15th , yu whattt

It is unbelievable what has happened in Boston . Pray for Boston . The Boston Marathon was happening for a good cause .

What 's happening in Boston right now , literally makes me want to throw up and cry .

#PrayForBoston My thoughts and prayers go out to all the ppl in Boston .

I will actually cry sooo much and never talk to anyone again if the bombs hit near olly . #prayforboston

reading some of the tweets , I ca n't bear to watch the Boston marathon footage . just reading about how graphic it was is enough for me

Thoughts Prayers to those injured in Boston , and family members who have lost loved ones . #PrayForBoston

I 'm pretty sure I do n't care about which news outlet you think is awesome which one is evil ; I care about ` Boston ' .

I 'm sure the people of Boston are really touched by you sitting on your ass and typing a hash tag for them

Weird , 2 bombs explode in #Boston : entire world is shook up . In the meanwhile an average of 120 civilians per day ge

spamming liam to pray for boston is ok but the fact that u forgot about everything and spam him for a follow is just wrong

Prayers go out to the people hurt in the Boston marathon explosion #PrayforBoston

Ive never felt so grateful for Boston 's hospitals , police , and fire force . We have our hands full but were in it together #prayersforBoston

Thoughts and prayers for the people killed and injured at the Boston Marathon , and their families . Ca n't believe this happened in my town .

Our thoughts are with our families in Boston and all of those impacted by the tragedy this afternoon . #BostonMarathon

Grateful to know our friends at Reunion Church Boston are okay .

We 're close to the point where we have to live as the Israelis live , that fear that a bomb or gun could go off at any

Explosions rock finish of Boston Marathon ; 2 killed and at least 23 hurt police say

All condolences are with the families of the injured . They did not deserve it , or marathoners , or children , or people . . :-LRB- #PrayForBoston .

I 'm happy that none of my followers were injured in the Boston attack today cause I know you guys wo n't participate in marathons . Stay safe .

praying for the people of boston right now

Boston PD have denied reports by is really shitty in times like this . NO oversight apparently .

Was terrified of seeing a loved one injured or worse in the coverage . Do n't be the asshole that shares a pic of someone 's loved one . #boston

So much love for Boston right now . So sad someone would do this to my beautiful city .

Praying for Boston . Just remind yourself how lucky you are today and everyday to have your loved ones still with you . #sosad

Joining in prayer for Boston all those taking care of the situation -LRB- police , firefighters , EMTS , etc. -RRB- #prayfo

Note to any #bostonmarathon runners stranded . We can put you up or find someone who can . #Boston

IF ANY OF U ARE TRYING TO FIND SOMEONE THAT WAS INVOLVED IN THE BOMBING U CAN FIND THEM HERE

Boston Red Cross reporting they do n't need blood right now . -LRB- just heard on WBUR -RRB- Wait a couple of weeks and th

Calling on Cornellians in Boston or w / info about Cornell #BostonMarathon runners to email us at new ht

NYT 's Kansas City correspondent ran Boston Marathon today . Now he 's the byline on the story .

Just about to take off from DC to Boston when pilot announces 1 hour delay . Unlikely to be weather related . Unlikely to

RT Our thoughts and prayers are with the people of Boston tonight .

RT Praying for Boston . Praying for America .

Boston Police : No Arrests Have Been Made In Marathon Bombing -LRB- UPDATE -RRB- via

Our thoughts are with the folks in Boston . Thankful that our friends there are safe .

Really shocking news coming from Boston .

Law Enforcement done Took Cell Phone Service in the Boston There goes half of Twitter Gone Over n that Area !!

There should be 0 jokes about this Boston issue

The fact that Boston was just bombed and I walked past a pastry sign saying Boston bombs . Lmao let 's see how many sell today !

i 'm not pretending to be an expert here , but with all this boston stuff going on , now really is the time to NOT TWE

The atrocitie at the Boston Marathon is sickening , My Prayers Well Wishes to all those affected May God Bless watch over you

My prayers go out to the people of Boston who have suffered today #prayforboston

London Marathon organisers and British police are reviewing security measures for Sunday 's race in the wake of the

BOSTON MARATHON same day as bomb drill . And it starts getting dicey Again .

Zayn had nothing 2 do with the bombs in Boston . What wrong with people just because he 's Muslim does n't mean anything it could be any 1 !!

If anyone 's following the #Boston case , switch to Bloomberg . They 're an American Sky and their news is instant .

So scary , praying for all the victims in Boston

Boston police dismissed it , NY Post removed the story .

Thoughts with people of Boston and also the people of Iraq tonight

People blaming North Korea for the Boston bombings , really !? What a ridiculous claim ! #prayforboston

Watching Boston Marathon bomb coverage . surreal

Will someone please tell me what happened in Boston ?

The Boston marathon was dedicated to the Newton shootings and people decided to bomb it . I honestly do n't want to live h

and people are just tweeting pray for Boston for the sake of it , chances are they do n't pray or are religious

A special phone line has been set up for Canadians needing info on the Boston Marathon Explosion 1-800-387-3124 . #BostonMarathon

I understand why Boston would want cell networks down to prevent remote detonation , but wonder if this will become standar

My heart goes out to the victims in Boston , stay strong 3

Just heard the awful news about the victims in Boston . My thoughts are with them and everyone affected . #bostonmarathon #bombing

Our hearts , thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in Boston right now .

thoughts are with boston but turn off the news . no need watching that same scene for hours on end #prayforboston

thoughts prayers are with you , your families all of Boston

BBC News - Boston Marathon rocked by twin explosions

Right now is a time to show love and compassion for the human beings involved in Boston Marathon their friends/f

Our hearts go out to everyone affected by today 's tragedy in Boston .

Ca n't believe what is happening in the Boston area . Horrific ! Thoughts go out to all the families . #stopthecrazyacts

Reddit covering the Boston explosions too

I feel bad for the people in boston my brother is there but god i dont want to see all those sad tweets the whole day

oh wow ! Bomb explosion in Boston . I wonder how many human rights and civil liberties are going to be abolished in the

Paula Radcliffe and David Weir take to Twitter after Boston Marathon attacks .

My prayers go out to people in Boston . Some people make me sick .

Its does n't effect me what so ever but out of respect pray for boston #prayforboston

We are getting eyewitness reports from Boston . We are doing interviews nowwill be posted soon .

My prayers go out to all of the injured , their families , and all of the people in Boston who experienced such a terrible event today

#Technology #Geek Cell Phone Service Has Been Suspended in Boston : Following the explosions #TodoSobreTec

Bomb in Boston so , when BH killed Principalstudents for WAE did u tweet it . Let d Boston people deal with th

That picture of the man on the roof in boston could be just a harmless guy who lives there and was watching ? Everyone freaking out #calmit

I hate to rain on the parade but , you pray everyday and look what happens still #Boston

Terrible , shocking news for the sporting world today . Thoughts go out to those in Boston affected .

Fucking Boston . Respond with sympathy and care , respond with hope , respond with motivation and productivity . Fuck anger , fuck fear .

wonder if this bomb attack in Boston is linked to N Korea !

relax only 2 people died in Boston it 's bad but it is n't that serious that we need to pray for Boston we need to pray for the 2 that died

Hope the injured prevail n may the dead find peace #FoxNews #Boston #news

Ugggggghhh why ? Why ??!? My thoughts prayers go out to everyone in #Boston right now . #violanceisnevertheanswer

Check out this Former LSU Football player ran in Boston Marathon : Brandi Jenkins was a spectator for this year

We 're all Americans . This is happening on our soil , and Boston needs our help , love , and prayers . Not your speculations , and accusations .

Third explosion now being treated as a fire , not related to Boston blasts #Newsroom

XOs :--LRB- all my #boston friends - sending thoughts u r way on this difficult day . #BostonMarathon

Terrible , praying for families who lost someone in Boston

Praying for everyone involved in the explosions at the Boston Marathon

Hope everyone injured in the #Boston attacks recover #prayforboston

CBS News : Boston children hospital has four patients ranging from good to serious condition , no fatalities

Septa doubles police manpower in wake of Boston bombings .

Official sources for 2013 Boston Marathon explosions . #BostonMarathon #BOSinfo #BOSbombing

Que pasa en #Boston ? Currently reading

Oh my gosh my eyes are teary after watching the video footage . I feel sick saddened that there are people who could even do this . #Boston

Google Person Finder Locates Missing at Boston Marathon Explosion : Google Person Finder , a tool th :

I know I ca n't believe what happened in My HOmetown #Boston

Marathoners and first responders are always inspiring , but especially today . Going for a run in the Boston marathon shirt we made for Dad .

Prayers go out to those suffering in Boston today . As well as in Syria , Burma , Iraq , Palestine , Mali , Congo

Now some peeps go start to dey gbagaun on top d boston ish o . As if e concern dem o

Unless you 've spent the day tweeting about bombings in Iraq then drawing comparisons with media coverage of Boston is pretty crass .

2 bombs went off during the Boston Marathon . 2 were killed , 23 were injured .

US President Barack Obama being briefed on #Boston #Marathon explosions photo -RRB- http

Attacking honest decent people who are raising money for charity ? There are no words for that level of scum , whoever 's behind it . #Boston

Boston Marathon Explosions : Third Blast : Two blasts happened near the race 's finish line and police confirm a

Grateful that Boston has some of the BEST hospitals .

Our hearts are with everyone in Boston at this tragic time .

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all the victims and families of the tragic event in Boston today . We have two

Boston authorities are denying reports . Please do not publicize until info is confirmed .

Yall got ta think like Jersey is only a few states away from boston !! This shit is CLOSE !

Explosions go off near the Boston Marathon finish line via

Google Person Finder Has Been Activated To Locate Missing at Boston Marathon Explosion

Thoughts with the people of Boston tonight . Horrendous scenes in a great city .

The attacks at the #BostonMarathon today are attacks on ALL of uswe stand with you #Boston we stand with you

good to know u in my head to know what I know about and what I do n't . Good luck with that mentality . Still praying for Boston .

April 15th : Titanic sunk . April 15th : Then Hillsborough Disaster . And now , Boston Bombings on April 15th . This is messed up .

3 explosions during the Boston Marathon ?! People are crazy .

Events like Boston happen on weekly basis in Borno Yobe Kano states would be good to see international medi

Tbh I 'd rather watch the news about Boston than made in Chelsea tonight

It is nights like this where you just wonder what the point of it all is . Best wishes to all in Boston .

Boston is truly a great city and America is the best country in the world . Those who committed these acts will pay and freedom will live on .

Glad to hear that none of the people I know who are marathoners went to Boston this year . I ca n't believe what happened , this is crazy .

Our thoughts are with everyone affected by the tragedy that took place at the Boston Marathon today .

RT Thought prayers go out to Boston . #bostonmarathon

The Boston Bombing is considered to be a terrorist attack on US soil again .

Boston Explosions : Cellphones ' Service Shut Down In City , Official Says via

My thoughts and prayers for the people of the Boston Marathon #prayforboston . . Really is so sad x

Really bad news for Sport in Boston

whats the story behind the boston bomb ? ? ?

Prayers and positive thoughts go out to all in Boston during this time of chaos .

omg my heart goes out to all the people in the bombing in boston you 're in my prayers #StayStrong #prayforboston

Praying for the people in Boston . My heart goes out to them today !

pray for boston fo real i seen a runner just running and now the man has no legs wtf

Hope all Boston people are okay

lol . It was trending on twitter they were talking about some dude names Joey that was running the Boston marathon

From #Tennessee disaster info : If u ca n't reach family members in #boston to confirm they r OK call 617-635-4500 . #bostonmarathon

My thoughts and prayers go out to those in Boston ! I ca n't believe all that has been occurring in this world #sodev

Keep Boston in mind and especially in your prayers , not just in your tweets #PrayerForBoston

Our hearts go out to the athletes and residents in Boston 3

Athletes voluntarily running a marathon to raise money for charity , only to become targets for attack . Simply beyond bel

Many prayers to everyone involved in the Boston explosions . Sad , sick world :--LRB-

MashaAllah everyone on twitter has become politicians over the boston bombings

Absolutely floored by the news of the Boston Marathon . Sending prayers to anyone involved .

People do n't ever wan na pray to God unless something bad happens Example : Boston

What even makes you want to hurt people ? . Guess I 'll never understand ! . . Prayers and thoughts going out to families in Boston . #prayforboston

What london and manchester are unsafe ? I was terrified about boston but now it 's where I live too

Watching coverage of Boston Marathon explosions , heart in my throat .

I aint gon na lie , This Boston shit got Times Square in NewYork on edge

When was the last time terrorists actually achieved their goal anyway ? N. Ireland , Israel , USA etc all still there so why bother ? #boston

You go to watch a movie You get shotYou go to schoolYou get shotYou run a marathon You get bombed this world suck

So so sad . Praying for the families of the victims of these bombings . #prayforboston

Ca n't believe what 's happened in Boston . Love that city . So sad and needless

To the marathon runners who kept running right to the hospital to donate blood , and others who followed suit , thank you

NYPD officers line up in Times Square following the Bomb explosions in Boston

The Boston Marathon attracts athletes from all over the world . 96 countries were represented today . Keep that in mind .

A reminder to Boston : Ignore everything you hear today . 10 % of it will turn out to be true .

Boston PD is asking people to get on social media and pass on orders to STAY AWAY FROM THE BOSTON MARATHON

Kind of scared to go to Boston this weekend now ???

This is a tradegy What has the world come to Setting off bombs to kill innocent people Its not right my heart goes out to families in Boston

Thoughts and prayers going out to Boston today . So heartbreaking . #prayforboston #BostonMarathon

Peace to everyone suffering in Boston . Every one of them has loved ones feeling their pain today . We love y' all .

And then I saw some Boston footage . Awfull and unbelievable . #thoughtarethere #bostonmarathon

Thoughts and prayers are with the City of Boston , the victims their families first responders as they sort t

So sickened by these people prayers to everyone who was at the scene and to families of the injured . . I 'm supposed to go to boston Friday : /

To all the families who have been effected by the bombings in Boston I pray for you . #pray4boston

My heart breaks for everyone in Boston . This world is so messed up it makes me sick . #prayforboston

Salvation Army Providing Support in Boston , MA

Out of every tragic event , come stories of true heroes . Some of them are incredibly inspiring , my thoughts are with Boston tonight .

Really ? The dust has n't even settled u had 2 politicize the bombing in Boston ? U 're a fucking idiot . Please disappear .

Thinking about everyone #Boston . Hoping for everyone 's safety . I 'll never understand how human beings can do such t

Oh my gosh I was literally just talkin bout you to the person next to me cause we 're watching the clips of Boston on YouTube

Photos : Boston Marathon Explosions Near Finish Line : There are reports of two explosions near the finish line

Tweeting about anything other than Boston right now just does n't feel right #justmytwocents

That being said , I do n't know why the public , and potential terrorists , has access to the Boston police scanner . Seems counter-productive

ADA bom meledak di Boston RIP

HELPAnyone with information about the Boston bombs contact1-800-494-TIPS - 1-800-494-8477

25-30 runners lost either a leg , an ankles and foot or both legs at the explosion in Boston today .

I feel sick watching the news about Boston . Why would anyone want hurt and kill innocent people .

Thoughts for everyone in Boston right now . I saw a news report of a third explosion at the library :-LRB-

VIDEO : Boston Marathon explosions caught on video

People have been hurt and killed in Boston and yet I see some folks are more concerned with missing their regular

To those who think the Boston bombings are a joke , I highly doubt you 'd be laughing if it was your town or city .

At least there 's always more people rushing to help in horrible situations than the cowards who cause them #boston

Boston looks like ballingry now #whatstheproblem

Little thought for my friends back in Boston #prayforboston

My thoughts and prayers go out to my fellow runners involved in the Boston Marathon bombing , . . #WTF people !!

Excuse me Directioners . I 'd like to mourn the tragedy in Boston with my fans , without a bunch of 11 year old twats cussin me out . Please go .

Who ever set off them bombs in Boston are just heartless cunts .

Boston bombs will shake up the planners for Wednesday 's funeral farce in London #newworldorder

I 'm not an expert here but North Korea probably did n't have the tech to plant bombs in Boston . It 's something/someone else .

Guys in Boston , stay away from discarded water bottle on the streets , too . They can be used as bombs that will explode

If you want to do something useful do n't pray , give blood . #boston

President to speak on Boston incident at 610 pm ET

Astronauts Send Condolences to Boston After Marathon Blasts

B. senseless acts of violence against civilians is wrong no matter what piece of rock on which they occur . Today was Boston .

2 or 3 dead , about 20 injured . . Boston explosion

President Obama will address the Boston explosions at 6:00 pm ET .

No words for today 's events in Boston . We are shocked and saddened and our thoughts are with those affected .

I pray the people of Boston and The US will be able to stay calm in this storm , not let fear guide . Fear and media alo

You have to wonder what goes on through people heads Sandy Hook , Boston marathon , the list goes on I DO NOT understand the human brain

Damn first time watching tv 2day and all I here is Bomb Blasts at The Boston Marathon #WTFIGO

Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims , families and emergency responders affected by the Boston Marathon tragedy .

Horrific news . There are just people who are incredibly sick . Prayers out to the city of Boston and all those affected . #PrayforBoston

There 's one Race Director been thrown a curved ball at the last minute . .2 fatalities at Boston

Obama to speak to the nation about Boston about 3:10 PST

So much respect for the people who ran from the marathon straight to the hospital in Boston to give blood for the wounded .

Our thoughts go out to everyone impacted by the tragic incident in Boston today . All are sa

At least 2 dead , dozens injured in Boston Marathon bombing

Go to schoolget killed go watch a movie get killed run a marathon get killed No ones safe nowadays ? #prayforboston

guess again ! Fox News contributor says he wants to kill all Muslims in response to #Boston . Google it .

to bomb an international event such as the #BostonMarathon is terrible . Innocent people do n't deserve death ! #PrayForBoston

RAW VIDEO : Boston Marathon explosions -LSB- Warning : Explicit language -RSB- MOBILE :

Prayers for the marathon runners Father find the person or persons responsible #PRAYERS

yeah just keep Boston in your prayers

My prayers go to families of victoms from boston explosion #prayforboston

Google has launched a Person Finder for people who were near the Boston Marathon Explosions :

Prayers for all the victims in the Boston Marathon and JFK Library explosions .

Terrible news out of #Boston today . Thoughts and prayers .

that super sad Her parents are in Boston hu . .

My thoughts and prayers goes to the people of Boston at this very difficult time .

Google uses Person Finder to help locate people in wake of Boston bombings : Google has rolled out a special ve ht

a CBS picture of the second explosion at the Boston Marathon finish line -LRB- You can see smoke in the back from the 1st

President Obama will make a statement at 6:10 pm on the Boston Bombings .

Rumor only that cell phone service in Boston shut down . No govt confirmation calls are getting through . This acc

Be careful and that last RT for a supposed Boston Marathon charity got suspended just after creation as Scammers

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all those impacted by today 's events at the Boston Marathon

Heart goes out to those in Boston . Some things just do n't make sense .

Just now seeing the tragedy in Boston . This is terrible . My prayers go out to the people and families harmed #prayforboston #america

God bless all those who have lost their lives running to help other #BostonMarathon #Boston #innocentpeople #PrayerForBoston #Respect

Sad news to wake up too - my first thoughts were for my cousin and his wife in Boston - but FB update tells me

The Boston Marathon situation was n't a terrorist attack . It was too weak . It was prob a bunch of lonely fucks fuckin ar

Thoughts and prayers out to those in #Boston today . #verysad

Prayers go out to the families involved in Boston .

Wow ! Listening to and they 're reporting a suspect is being guarded by BPD at a Boston area hospital .

Tech : Google Launches Person Finder Tool for Boston Marathon Explosion : Google here 's to help .

Obama to speak at 6:10 pm ET on Boston explosion

If you 're unfamiliar with the geography of Boston , these maps images provide some context for today 's attacks

Our hearts go out to those impacted by the Boston Marathon Bombings . You 're in our thoughts prayers .

I feel bad for the people who did n't get to finish their first Boston Marathon

Prayers to the families in Boston who have been injured in the explosion . And Thank You to the responders , police , etc. who are helping !

Sending out my prayers to everyone in the Boston area , stay strong . #prayforboston

#PrayForBoston , I hope all the runners and everyone at the Marathon is ok . Sad to know something so drastic happene

My thoughts and prayers go out to all the individuals affected in Boston today . #prayforboston

Official : Cellphone service shut down in Boston to prevent remote detonations of explosives

Explosions in Boston !! Son of a bitch ! My prayers r with our neighbors !!

That Boston Marathon bombing is crazy bruh . People be doing the most , like for what ? What kinda pleasure you get from that shit

Anyone in Boston or anywhere near Boston , please try stay safe . :-LRB-

Okay so a girl actually was stupid enough to say ` thank god one direction were n't in boston ' bitch wtf idgaf about 1d rn

If your gon na pray for boston fucking pray , do n't b tweeting it every 5 secs

Hang the f *** ers who are behind the Boston Bombings !

This Boston tragedy makes me so sick to my stomach . Prayers go out to everyone involved including families and friends .

My dad 's fiance family live in boston and even though i do n't really like them i hope they 're okay #PrayForBoston

Senators-Bruins game postponed due to Boston bombings

hey Wendy did you get see what say about praying for Boston .

in the next 25 minutes president obama will make an announcement and answer questions of the press about boston marathon bombs at 6 pm

You go to school You get shot You run a marathon You get bombed I hate this world #prayforboston

NBC reporting that people were finishing the marathon and running straight to the hospital to donate blood #PrayForBoston

Pray for those who suffered the tragic bombing . That includes their loved ones who has to witness this chaos . #prayforboston #godbewithyou

The fact that Boston is n't that far from provii and there 's bomb threats in providence is really scaring the shit out of me

Our thoughts are with those injured in , and affected by , the explosions at today 's Boston Marathon . #BostonMarathon

Titanic sank - April 15thHillsborough disaster - April 15thBoston bombings - April 15th That 's so weird

Erik Rush : Kill All Muslims in Response to Boston Marathon Attack

new pictures just leaked from boston Mass General

yeah , but then again you never know , like boston isnt too big either , its not that important

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all those effected by the blast in #Boston

Boston is in all of our hearts and prayers tonight #tragic

Terrible news coming out of Boston

That 's my third joke about this Boston Marathon bomb . They 're just not runni - FUNNY anymore .

At 7:00 tweets about Boston will change to tweet about the Miami Heat #fakeniggas

Prayin for the people in Boston . Families , I really hope they find they 're loved ones . My heart goes out to use #prayforboston

Reports the cell service in #Boston NOT shut down intentionally but overwhelmed with call volume . #prayforboston

RT Sick people make me sick . Prayers for Boston . #BostonMarathon

What kind of assholes live in this world?Thoughts to all those who were there #boston #bostonbomb #bostonmarathon

Whoever is n't from Boston is joking about this , you have already made your way to hell

Wtf !! Korea did NOT blow up boston STUPIDS it was a person who had a bomb strapped to him/her thats why ONLY 2 ppl died !

My prayers go out to the victims of the Boston Marathon bombing . Terrible situation .

Im so glad my cheer girls got the hell out of Boston when they did !

2 dead and 37 injured . Prayers for the people affected in Boston . Crazy stuff . .

59 of the #BostonMarathon runners are from #Baltimore41 are from #Annapolis according to Boston Athletic Association

My prayers go to Boston victims ! #prayforboston

My heart is hurting . Praying for everyone in Boston

prayers for Boston bomb blast victims !

as tragic as the Boston bombings are , stuff like this happens around the world all the time and does n't get the same pu

Shut the fuck up do n't ever come to my city Jihad in Boston : 12 dead , 50 injured horri

#BostonMassacre If you let Obama frame the debate on this Boston bombing , they will have us all in chains before they are done .

Losing faith in this fucked up society to have bombs go off during the BostonMarathon !

To all those affected in Boston today - know you are in our thoughts and prayers #pray4boston

Yall KEEP Sayin Pray For Boston , Yall Think Boston Will Pray For Philly ?? Lol .

Twitter is a weird place . One minute it 's Boston the next it 's Made in Chelsea

Praying for the people who were injured in the blast at the Boston marathon . Wow . .

R.I.P to everyone who lost their lives in the Boston Marathon bombings.Terrorists = cunts .

Poor Boston about that bombing explosion .

My thoughts and prayers are with everyone affected by the cowardly bombings at the Boston Marathon .

President Obama will speak soon regarding the tragedy at Boston

Everyone in Boston deserves props for an incredible feeling of care toward one and another today .

Our thoughts are with those in Boston today #Boston

Obama to address nation on Boston Marathon explosions from the White House at 22:10 GMT : reports #ht

pray for the people in Boston . So far 2 are dead and 46 others are injured . They 're still missing some bombs . #PrayForBoston

another terrorist attack on our own soil . attacker unknown . terrifying #boston

Your Boston Red Sox avi made me concerned that you could be near the bombing . :-LRB-

Bombings in Boston ? A family event ? Could the bomber be any more of a loser than he already is ? Only scum would do something like this .

Terrible to hear about the bombings in Boston . Horrific . #prayersforboston

This Boston thing is sad but sad to say I 'm not shocked at all .

Omfg my 2 cousins are in Boston omfg I 'm crying

Sorry if I take it personally , but that is my home . I grew up in and around Boston . I am still a part of the Mass. . National

Why all this violence ? My thoughts go out to the people in #Boston

spreading hotlines and news can help , yeah . especially since its not just Boston anymore .

My prayers goes out to everyone in Boston ! So heartbreaking #Pray4Boston

RT Our thoughts go out to everyone impacted by the tragic incident in Boston today . All are safe

My thoughts go to everyone affected in Boston . This world sickens me #prayforboston

So horrified at what happened in Boston and what people are capable of #prayforboston

Another free play winner in the Boston Red Sox today . . Prayers to the victims at the Marathon

Thinking of those in Boston , and their friends/family

Praying for families in Boston and praying for these United States of America . God help us all !

BOSTON : 2 killed as bombs explode at marathon via

We are so sorry to hear of the tragedy at the Boston Marathon . Our hearts go out to those lost or suffering plus their families and friends .

Latest word is person of interest in bombings in Boston is a Saudi national . This has not been confirmed though .

Trivial i know in light of boston , but they are getting thatchers gold in here . . little joys keep you going my friends #aletales

the fact that people carry on complaining about their problems when this is going on in Boston is unbelievable . #BeThankful

Why 're there such nasty people in the world !? Heart goes out to all the families in Boston 3

Thoughts go out to Boston . Unbelievable

Que des pauvres innocents , God bless all those victims from Boston . #bostonincident

My timeline is popping . I do n't if some of you are furious because of what happened in Boston or because you do n't know w

I question what she does all day on that computerhow did she know about the Boston bombing so quickly ?

My cousin and his girlfriend were running in the Boston Marathon . I am so glad that they 're okay . #PrayersForBoston

Sad news from Boston today from a bombing attack on the Boston Marathon ! 2 dead over 100 hospitalized according

Story : Obama briefed on Boston explosions within minutes

If there 's anything I learned from growing up there its that Boston is n't just a city , its a family . #PrayForBoston http

My sincere and deepest condolences go out to the victims and their loved ones involved at the bombings in Boston .

Appalling scenes from the Boston Marathon - what drives our fellow humans to such despicable acts ?

terrible what happened in Boston who ever did it should be blown to bits

From gaza to guantanamo , from syria to kashmir , from pakistan to palestine from burma to boston . . We love u all because

It 's amazing to hear of the marathon runners running straight through to donate blood at Mass General #prayforboston #pro

Everyone my dad knew at the Boston Marathon has been checking in with him . I 'm glad he was n't there this year though . 3

Hope whoever is responsible for that bombing in Boston burns in Hell . Justice will be served . #USA #AMERICA

it makes me feel sick to think people are making jokes about the Boston bombings , go get some fucking respect ! #prayforb

If you spammed Liam for a follow I do n't like you . If you told him to pray for Boston . I like you .

Everyone in Boston stay safe and I love you

Thoughts go out to those in boston and those who have family there , it 's a horrific thing to happen

Looking for someone at the Boston Marathon ? Have info about someone there to share ? Go to Google Person Finder

Just found out that all of my friends in Boston are OK . They 're stuck indoors because they do n't dare leave their houses OMG

Let 's keep Boston in our prayers , CAVS ! #PrayForBoston

Today is a reminder of how evil the world we love in can be . Let us all pray for those affected by the terrible explosions in Boston today .

Boston Police now saying JFK Lirary was not related to Marathan explosions it was fire related

Saudi National Under Guard After Bombing100 Wounded , According to Boston Globe

Ca n't believe what 's happened in Boston !! Absolutely sickening #prayforboston

So glad is alright3 Thinking about Boston

to address #boston marathon incident with media at 6PM from Westin

I pray for the mentality and spiritual health of this country It 's so much deeper than #boston but like 9/11 you think you care !!!!!

So sad for those killed or injured at the Boston Marathon today .

Heard 2 explosions in distance while taking down a cam at Fenway . City of Boston is in crisis mode . Prayers go out to

my prayers are with people involved in the boston marathon bombings

From Spain our solidarity with the families of #Boston

If you 're in Boston and want to donate blood , here 's info for the Red Cross Blood Donation Center :

Dreadful news about the Boston bombings . The capacity some people have for evil is incomprehensible .

shit like the bombs in Boston happen almost every day in less developed countries

Hope families in #Boston find their loved ones safe and to those who may have lost someone , #RIP may they be loved and never forgotten .

My heart goes out to friends , family and everyone in Boston .

What gone down in Boston beyyyy ?

What Happen In Boston ? Its All Over My TL ?

I 'm not making jokes about Boston or people dying . Y' ALL are the jokes . Fuck you mean .

Prayers to the families of the ones killed today in Boston .

Boston Globe Reporting Almost 100 Bomb Victims Currently Being Treated

Boston!OMGWaitng to hear Obama speak

It 's crazy to see Police run towards the scene instead of away . Thankful for brave heroes like this to help us . #boston

you shocked about what happened in Boston ?

God bless the city of Boston and everyone at or involved with the marathon #BostonMarathon #Boston

My heart hurts for the people of Boston and especially those injured or killed . Ca n't imagine what kind of pathetic p

What a world we live in . As if there 's not enough bombs going off in war zones , more innocent people today killed and i

LMAOOO Boston spelled backwards is No Stop , please stop the violence in Boston . Peace .

glad my peeps running in the boston marathon are safe , best wish 's to all effected

I updated our pages about Boston . . Hope y' all dont mind

The dull blankess of hate - 243 years ago , British redcoats in Boston retaliated to taunts by an angry

disgusted that people can actually make a joke about what 's happening in Boston

Sadest day in the city of #Boston . So close to home . Stay Up Boston .

Stop hating on , he posted the pic weeks ago so it has nothing to do with Boston .

2 killer in the Boston marathon terrorist attack .

coworkers cousin injured in boston , trying to help her find more info . anyone have the hotline for relatives to call ?

When someone puts as there status on facebook ` what happened in boston ? ' And im like have you not heard of google you twat ? #GoHomeYourDrunk

Praying for all affected by the explosion in Boston .

Families looking for loved ones in Boston can use Google 's People Finder :

Our hearts and thoughts go out to everyone in Boston , please stay safe .

Prayers go out to the people effected by that bomb in Boston

My prayer and thoughts go out to Boston . Such a tragedy . #prayforboston

If you live in Boston you need to read this ! RT SPREAD THE WORD PLEASE .

Awful scenes in Boston ! Sick sick people in the world ! #prayforboston

No matter your religion or religious views , please pray for Boston . You do n't necessarily need to believe in God or a

the daily mail is the NYP of UK . Do n't bother . Let there be an official clarification from the Boston PD .

Trying to think of people I know in Boston to check on man

Watching what happened in Boston makes me so upset .

If you honestly think it was Korea who done those bombing 's in Boston we fighting tonight

Lots of prayers for not only Boston but also our broken corrupt country who continues to suffer with incident after inc

Hope skipped the Boston Marathon ! Cc

Every time I run now , I 'm running for Boston .

Inspiring . Some runners at the Boston Marathon after completing the run , then ran to the hospital to donate blood .

Next time you consider making a Boston joke

Whoever plotted that Boston bombing out is the lowest form of coward . Praying that God blessings are with the victims

Wow Boston police look to have already arrested the bomber . Good form .

my thoughts and prayers go out to the people affected by the Boston Marathon bombing .

Looking for friends or family in #Boston ? Try the Google Person Finder ; we hope everyone is found safe .

Archdiocese of Boston urges prayers after marathon explosions : : EWTN News

+ spamming about Boston each second . Stop getting annoyed and telling people to get a life . Maybe YOU need to get a life . #sorrynotsorry

Our thoughts and prayers going out for those effected by the tragedy in Boston today .

Please keep all those in Boston in your prayers . We are thinking of you ! #prayforboston

For god sake , these guys are running for charities . What 's wrong with the world ! Thoughts and prayers with #boston .

Absolutely distraught about Boston . Just goes to show what kind of world we live in .

Our most heartfelt thoughts go out to everyone in Boston today . #prayforboston

Nice to hear that my cousin Gwen is home safe and sound in Boston . Truly sad and shocking .

These senseless acts to kill and maim using bombs and weapons has got to stop !! What kind of nation are we ? #prayforboston

$ 20 says all of y' all will forget about Boston in about 2 days .

Pray for Boston tweets are about showing support . .

Good.That 's the right answer MT Reid : Obama To Address Nation On Boston Attacks At 6 pm ET

Prayers for the victims , families , natives of the #Boston area ! #BostonMarathon

Please pray for the men and women hurt in Boston today . The government and military will act accordingly . #ProtectOurSafety

Please pray for the victims in Boston as well as wisdom for the authorities .

thats fucked up for wat happend to boston

#BostonMarathon Praying for all those that have been affected by the goings on in the Boston Marathon #prayforboston

-LSB- UPDATED -RSB- Explosions At Boston Marathon Finish Line

The Boston Marathon is run each year on Patriots Day . Those responsible for this tragedy are the exact opposite of patriots .

Fuck everyone making smart comments about people praying for Boston , you immature fucks

haha yep , did u see that stupid bint earlier ask if Boston was in North Korea #ohdear

If you 're making a joke out of the whole Boston explosions then you seriously need to stop and think real fucking hard a

As tempting as it is to guess who did this , none of us knows . We should avoid jumping to conclusions . #boston

I feel so sick with what 's happening in boston omg !!!

K this is selfish but people tweeting about how Boston is n't far from where I live is scaring me .

My prayers go out to those poor innocent victims in Boston .

Those of us who can , give blood , even if not in Boston area , if for no other reason than symbolic support of our friends in Massachusetts

My thoughts are with all those affected in today 's Boston Marathon tragedy .

TUFTS was a suspicious package local Boston NPR radio station reports #BostonMarathon #BostonBombings

so sad what happen in boston #prayforboston

My thoughts and prayers go out to you Boston

They bombed Boston on Patriots day ! Woow .

I will not be making any comments about Boston after this . I know that everyone will just freak out if I try to say anything .

London marathon has increased their security . This city always makes its about them #prayforboston

Yea this Boston thing has me not wanting to go to thunder

There was a bombing in Boston today and all you can tweet about is your horse getting stuck in a fence for 5sec . Disgusting .

My god this Boston bombing is so terrible , those poor people . #PrayersForBoston

Prayers go out to all those affected by the bombings #prayforboston

CA N'T YOU ALL JUST STOP TWEETING ABOUT JUSTIN FOR TWO MINUTES AND THINK ABOUT WHAT 'S HAPPENING IN BOSTON . THIS IS S

Anyone want to go to Boston and help out ? Like now . .

We are saddened and praying for all of those affected by the events in Boston .

2 Dead , Dozens Hurt In Explosions At Boston Marathon Finish Line -LRB- Miketoole / CBS Boston -RRB-

Praying with you for those suffering in Boston , Lord have mercy . .

Praying for all of the people in Boston right now . Stay strong . #PrayForBoston

Not again There are some sick individuals among us . #Boston

How long before the Boston incident gets abused for political gain ? :

Smh idk what to even say about that retweet the only thing I can do is pray for the people of boston and pray that madness stops

Reminded that Boston has some of the top hospitals in the country , all within a short distance of the blasts . Lives were definitely saved .

If any of yous are from Boston please stay safe :-LRB- x #PrayforBoston

Inside the social media trail of the Boston Marathon explosion :

Pictures help communicate the horror of Boston bombings , but imagine finding out a loved one was seriously injured by seeing it online .

Hopefully the amount of cctv around boston will give us a clue to the evil bastards responsible .

Get out of the Boston Marathon area !!!

What drives people to plan and go through with things like the Boston bombing ? You 're one fucked up spick . I hope you burn and rot in hell

My family in Boston are in lockdown at the moment and they all are safe as of right now . Please pray for them x

Boston Bombing : BBC already suggesting homegrown right-wing terrorist narrative

Thoughts and prayers go out to Boston !! Horrific scenes !! What 's going on in our world !! #prayforboston

Some weird people in the world . . condolences to all the families of the lives lost today #boston

Fucking Boston noobs didnt see the claymore lasers . .

thoughts are with the people in Boston , so sad #prayforboston

The president will reportedly address the explosion in Boston at 6:10 p.m.

Ca n't believe what 's happening in Boston . It 's just horrific .

See if a fun oot it was they North Korean bastards drappin bombs in Boston am gonny erupt . Send in the heavies America.Call up yer eld uncle

3 bombs been let off in america : ' - -LRB- 2 at boston marathon and 1 at JFK liberty , news is saying US and UK events r likely targets for this :-LRB-

dude are you okay ? youre closer to boston than i am

President Obama to address the nation regarding the explosions in Boston at 6:10 pm local east coast time

President Obama is expected to make a statement on the Boston Terrorist Attack shortly .

Our hearts go out to all of those in Boston .

Seb , USA is made up of many states . Boston is in one of these states . Massachusetts to be exact . WWE taught me that

CELL TOWERS IN DOWNTOWN ARE BEING SHUT DOWN IF A FAMILY MEMBER IN DOWNTOWN BOSTON ISNT ANSWERING THEIR PHONES DONT P

Warning , graphic Shocking video from captures both explosions at the Boston Marathon http

Breaking News !! : Boston , MA : Bombing during Boston Marathon . ** Updated at 2:50 pm PT : ** #BreakingNews

IMPORTANT - RE . #BOSTON BOMBS . CORK PEOPLE INVITED TO USE OUR SOCIAL MEDIA TO LET FRIENDS/FAMILY KNOW THEY 'RE OK .

BBC News - Boston Marathon blasts : London Marathon to review security

SPECHLESSS I HAD NO IDEA THEYHAD MARTHON IN BOSTON TODAY IT IS EVENT WERE FOLKS GO TO HAVE FUN WHAT PROTESTOR

AP News - Boston police commissioner : 3rd explosion at JFK Library

just read that a few Boston Marathon runners crossed the line , and continued to run to the nearest hospital to give blo

Please join us in praying for those hurt or affected by the Boston bombing

people in this world are just sick . I know as Americans we are n't great , but I think we would n't bomb a public event #prayforboston

RT If you are trying to locate a loved one in #Boston , call 617-635-4500 #tcot

Tweets are scaring the shit out of me , I ca n't imagine how people from Boston feel , hope to god people are ok :-LRB-

Bombing , shootings , terrorist attacks ; How much must one nation endure ? #PrayForBoston and the individuals/families af

Thoughts and prayers going to people of Boston tonight . We live in a very sad world these days ! #prayforboston

Regardless , whoever is behind #Boston explosionsit 's not indicative of Islam or any other religion . #TerrorismKnowsNoGod

Goodnight , Boston you are in my prayers , keep praying people #prayforboston

I am running Boston Marathon 2014 . #screwthecowards

Thoughts and prayers for everyone in Boston Please everyone stay safe if you can #PrayForBoston #BostonMarathon

Boston is one of my favourite places . Hope the very few people I know there are safe , and everyone injured recovers .

Ca n't believe I 'll be in Boston tomorrow morning , I hope everything goes well .

My heart goes out to all of those who are affected by the tragedy at today 's Boston Marathon .

do n't get me wrong i feel very sorry for Boston , but things like this and worse happen everyday , nothings gon na change with all these tweets !

Boston Marathon Explosions : How You Can Help - Yahoo! News via

All them bombings in Boston is ridiculous . Lord place your hands on the families there and their family members as well #PrayForBoston

Boston marathon bombings now CONFIRMED as terrorist attack .

Glad to hear all friends and family are safe and were n't near the incident . Prayers go out to those who were n't so lucky #Boston

Our thoughts are with all those individuals caught up in the bombs in Boston

You 're in my heart and prayers.Stay strong and Stay prayed up . - Boston

One last reflection : Whether they are in Boston or not , if you love someone , tell them ! Life is fragile the next breath is not promised .

my mind heart are with those in Boston tonight , sending prayer love

Not taking away from what 's goin on in Boston But I really feel like something much larger is at play here Pay

there is a Boston in the UK . Its just in Lincolnshire #NoMansLand

Marathon runners crossed the finish line and continued to run to Mass General Hospital to give blood #Heroes #PrayForBoston

GOOGLE HAS CREATED A PERSON FINDER FOR THE BOSTON EXPLOTIONS !! SPREAD THE WORD !! #prayforboston

lets not point out names here but blaming for this attack in boston is just rude and immature #endracism #prayforboston

We are deeply saddened by the recent events in Boston . Our thoughts and condolences go out to everyone affected . #BostonMarathon

Stick a fork in me I 'm done with humans . Killing each other like nothing . What kind of world do our kids have to look forward to . #boston

Hearts are with Boston today . You wo n't hear this from us often but hug somebody , dammit .

Per Boehner aide , a photo of Boehner and Obama speaking about Boston around 5:30 p.m. ET .

#PrayForBoston It 's disgusting to see how one person had the fucking nerve to bomb a peaceful event in honor -LRB- cont -RRB-

Thoughts and prayers are with the people affected by the Boston Marathon tragedy today . #prayforboston

yeaah , but honestly if i hear langos make one muslim joke about boston im going off like fuck

Moment 's like this make me feel so small Boston is in my thoughts tonight

Prayers go out to people in boston be strong through these hard times

Hearing about the explosions at the Boston marathon makes me sick to my stomach . God bless all those that were there . #PrayForBoston

leaked pics just leaked from boston JFK Library

. . And of course , the police , firemen and various other authorities of Boston . So much love respect . #PrayForBoston

Update on number of people injured in Boston Marathon explosions : 46 injured , 2 dead . Security intensified in Boston , Was

I 'm in shock about what 's going on in #Boston .

WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- -- Obama to speak from the White House Monday evening about Boston Marathon explosions at 6:10 p.m. EDT

Wowww this World needs a lot of praying for 2 bomb blasts at the Boston Marathon #toosad

Do n't you dare fuck with BOSTON ! #myboys #fuckyoubombs #familyorigins

Just to give you an idea of how different the two are , Facebook is business as usual whereas Twitter is Boston only right now .

Our hugs and kisses go out Boston and all of the families affected . #prayersforboston

It 's scary because my dad was supposed to be in Boston today for a meeting and he was going to see the marathon . Thank God he did n't

im literally crying myself to sleep at this im so upset for those poor souls in Boston who have been injured or died today #prayforboston

Our thoughts prayers go out to everyone at Boston City Marathon . Thankfully we 're grateful to hear that our l

If your seriously joking around about Boston right now , you better be glad that i 'm not near you or you 'd be on the

Bet the illuminati got something to do with boston

NBC News : National counter terror officials did not have any threat reporting against the Boston Maratho

Our prayers go out to Boston . Please send us your thoughts about this tragedy #PrayForBoston

Man that shit that happened in Boston reminded me of the movie #OlympusHasFallen wtf ?

The Boston Marathon is a huge dream for many runners . Ca n't believe the selfish acts of some people #prayersforboston

Our thoughts and prayers are with all those in Boston , especially and the many members of the ND community based there .

UPDATE : reporting that 20 year old Saudi suspect is in custody after Boston Marathon bombings

Wrap your head around thisThis day in historyTitanic sinks , Hillsborough disaster , now Boston bombs . #BostonMarathon

So angry about terrorism at Boston Marathon

/ / who tell them to stop it , hypocrites for praying for boston . I appreciate they 're your idols but it 's a little da

Speaker Boehner spoke to President Obama today around 5:30 pmET regarding the tragedy in Boston

Boston needs more than just your prayers

Boston Mayor 's Hotline to find wounded family members : 6176354500 Please RT. .

Boston PD Commissioner says police are questioning many people but no one has been arrested . #bostonexplosion

I wish that people would just understand bombs do n't solve things . Voices do . #prayforboston

My heart goes out to anyone affected by the Boston Marathon tragedy . #stoptheviolence #BostonMarathon

The bombing was just confirmed as a terrorist attack . Even though I knew it was one , it still hurts . #prayforboston

My heart aches for Boston right now #praypraypray

Redding News NHL 's Boston Bruins home game postponed ; leagues respond - USA TODAY : TIMENHL 's Boston Bruins hom

Getting ready to watch today 's episode . Tempered by the #Explosio Marathon . #PrayersforBoston #GetGlue

Picture taken from the Boston Marathon stands by Barbara Burnett of Birmingham . Her husband was running in the race .

Horrific pictrures coming from Boston . President Obama to address the nation in ten minutes .

Our thoughts go out to those affected by the Boston bombing . Please pray for God 's presence in this terrible situation . #Boston

I feel for the familys involved in the Boston marathon .

Just home catching up on events in Boston . Horrible horrible world at times !! #prayforBoston

People in this world are psychotic . 2 bombs off during the Boston marathon 28 amputations and 2 deaths #godbless

Our thoughts and sympathy are with the people of Boston and the U.S. today . We had hoped this type of carnage was over .

It 's tough to stay positive in a world full of crazy cunts . Stay strong , Boston . #PositiveEnergy #BostonMarathon

Good luck to everyone in Boston right now , please stay safe if you 're there 3 #prayforboston

Breaking news : Terror attack at Boston Marathon

Smh two bombs went off at the Boston Marathon .

Google has created a person finder tool to help track loved ones at the Boston Marathon . #Bost

The state of Boston right now is tragic , and it is important to realize that this is a sensitive issue before making comments about it .

Wow Police : Cell phone service has been shut down in Boston area to prevent potential remote deto

Our thoughts prayers are with the people of Boston , especially runners and their loved ones . #BostonMarathon

Everyone is being a detective on twitter tonight about this Boston bombing

Sending love and support to everyone touched by the events today in Boston .

My heart goes out to all the victims of the Boston Marathon explosion

This boston thing could have something to do with north korea .

Please cool it with the jokes about the Boston marathon situationjust stop

Omg i am gon na get off of Twitter . Everyones on the bandwagon for Boston . Yeaah i get it bad , but you do n't have to flau

I know what has happened in Boston is a tragedy but what happened to all the pray for . . Syria , gaza , Palestine to name a few . . Narrow minded

Thoughts and prayers to those affected in the Boston area . What a horrible thing to happen .

F -- . MT Explosions went off at the average finish time for those running the Boston marathon .

Does anyone else feel guilty cos all we can do is sit here and raise awarness insted of being in Boston giving blood an

I ca n't say it suprises me now a days but WTF !!!! Stay strong Boston !!!

If it was n't for the internet I wouldnt know about the whole Boston thing #prayforboston

DTN Latin America : 2 Dead in Boston Marathon Explosions : At least two people were killed and 23 others injured

Police boost security across US after Boston blasts : US police departments from New York to Los Angeles booste

KKRP is now airing LIVE coverage of the Boston bombing .

Devin Cole , Boston tweets : Per tweet , anyone needing a place to stay tonight , and I have space .

My support to all my friends in Boston and all MA state.Love is the answer .

Thoughts and loving energy being sent to those , who lost love ones and all affected by the bombing in Boston

Google have established a person-finder related to the Boston Marathon Bombing . click link #pray

I literally took pictures on the Boston marathon finish line with So scary .

Rhode Island , but boston is 90 minutes away , so i know a lot of friends who 'd take day trips up there , like for the marathon .

So very sad for Boston , the people and families and really for all of America ! My heartfelt sympathies !

Two bomb blasts at boston marathon .

What 's going on ? Baltimore-area residents near Boston Marathon blasts - Baltimore Sun

US police on high alert after Boston blasts : US police departments from New York to Los Angeles boosted securi

Here 's the Boston explosion caught on video . Unbelievable . #boston

Boston police commissioner just said there is no suspect in custody . So please stop spreading around false info people .

Praying for the people in Boston is n't going to do anything . Have hope that humanity will keep them going not a make believe god ?

My Prayers Go Out To Boston What Is The World Comming Too

Let Us Join Hearts And Pray For The People Of Boston The Loved Ones Of The Lives Lost . #God #MightyComforter

Boston Police : NO suspect in custody in #BostonMarathon bombings

I was following a lot of runners in Boston on Twitter . I hope everyone is okay . Thoughts and prayers to anyone affected .

this is a racist statement . Theirs no suspect in custody that is in direct responsible for the #Boston bombing .

My prayers go out to the people in Boston , Rest in Peace x

CHECK OUT THIS VIDEO !!! Boston Explosions

Thoughts and best wishes to all in Boston . Words fail me Be safe , be strong and our deepest sympathies to

my heart goes out to those at the Boston marathon . What a shitty way to go , doing what you love #prayersforboston

Heart , love , prayers to Boston . Amazed at those that run into blast to help fellow man #selfless #hero #bostonmarathon #BostonMarathon

These Tech Tools Can Help You Find People At The Boston Marathon - Business Insider

i would like to send my prayers to boston very sad to hear this plz everyone #prayforBoston

Can not imagine the tragedy in Boston , innocent people lost . Thinking of all my runner friends and family right now #Boston

A marathon is a great way to show humanity to others ! Taughts with all at Boston marathon sad scenes #prayforboston

Prayers go out to the deaths and injures at the Boston Marathon , everyone should appreciate life because there may not

literally everyone is praying for the people of Boston right now this is how the society should always be #prayforboston

Boston : Phone number if looking for family members : 617-635-4500 . Phone number to report information : 800-494-TIPS via

#PrayForBoston over 90 + are reported injured and 2 + dead . Details still emerging . #Boston #share #repost

I text my mom to tell her about Boston and her reply was if I had any luck on finding a summer job yet #whatareyousmoking #heartless

ok now made in chelsea 's done people !!! show some respect for boston !!!!

Boston Marathon 2013 Explosion - List of finishers who were at the location of the first explosion

Thoughts to the families of 2 dead in bomb blasts in Boston , 8 in Afghanistan , 1 in Pakistan and 31 in Iraq today . Gl

I ca n't believe boston got bombed .

The pricks who think muslims are responsible for boston should read this

cota . . give it a break ! nobody cares with what is happening in Boston !

First the Titanic sinks , then the Hillsbrough disaster , now some bombings in Boston 15th April is not a good day !!

Everything that happened today was petty compared to what happened in Boston #prayers

I 'm live on on Boston marathon explosions #BostonExplosion

Our hearts and prayers go out to all those in Boston .

My thoughts and prayers go out to the families and victims in boston . Truly saddened . #Pray4Boston

Boston need that more than me right now . #prayforboston

So sad . Breaking News : 2 Explosions at Boston Marathon finish line

Aerial video shows Boston Marathon finish line aftermath - video - The Guardian

Taken aback by the events in Boston today . My prayers go out to all who took part , especially those affected by this terrible tragedy .

Dear Saudi students in #Boston go to the hospital and donate blood , let the people know that we share humanity with

My deepest sympathy goes to all affected by today 's atrocities in Boston . #BostonMarathon

Someone please explain to me what happened to Boston

For those trying to find loved ones in the Boston Marathon , Google has made this locator app :

I do n't want to say that I 'm praying for Boston , because I 'm not religious in any way at all , but I 'm thinking of all the people there .

Pray for #Boston and all the family and friends out there

The House will hold a moment of silence for Boston victims at 6:30 p.m. ET this evening after the President 's address .

YOU GUYS GOOGLE HAS CREATED A PERSON FINDER FOR BOSTON SPREAD THE WORD

The US ant gone let dis Boston shit slide

Thoughts and prayers to those in boston ! so sad !! #Boston #BostonMarathon

not been funny but 15th of April is such a freaky day , titanic sinking , hillsborough disaster , and now boston , I blame illuminati

Our thoughts and prayers for the people of Boston today . May God put ease into the hearts of all the families that lost l

Yo that shit that happened in Boston is crazy !

you go to the movies , get shot . go to school , get shot . run a marathon , get bombed . what is this world ? #prayforboston

Happens in Middle East x times a day , no fuzz . Happens in #boston = boom , world goes crazy . No pun intended .

SEC postpones Tuesday 's SEC Network/ESPN announcement in Atlanta in wake of Boston explo

April 15 , titanic sinks , hillsborough riots and now boston bombings

#Redondo resident at Boston Marathon bombings talks to

MT BREAKING : #Boston police commissioner says no suspect is in custody in #bostonmarathon explosions #stoptherumors

RT Heads up ! WBTV will stay with CBS coverage of the explosions in Boston for now !

Official statement from the Birmingham Track Club after today 's explosions at the Boston Marathon | http

I will run today with Boston in my heart Prayers for Boston

Why must people in our society have to sink to the level of bombing , there 's no point . #prayforboston #goodluck

Thank goodness my sister is home safe . And my prayers go out to Boston . #PrayForBoston

Please think before you retweet Boston videos . Otherwise , we 're all voyeurs .

The Boston bombings is one of the reasons why I choose not to have a religion and be an atheist as people can abuse it and get hurt

VIDEO : The scene moments after the Boston marathon explosions : - CC

We are praying for Boston and the athletes . Some of our best friends are there . Our hearts are with them . The

My uncle and aunt where running the marathon and finished 30 min . Before the bomb went off #PrayForBoston

thats messed up I love boston its a nice city

My thoughts and prayers will go for those who were affected in the Boston Marathon Bombing .

And the sad thing is.the final mile in the Boston marathon was dedicated to the Newtown , Conneticut shooting . #JustT

If you look at my timeline , I tweeted Boston first , but why does it matter ? They 're all human beings

God be with those who are involved in the Boston marathon bombing .

Got a load of flak for tweeting horror at Boston atrocity and then , when prompted , about Iraq bombings . Beyond depressi

RT Boston , Massachusetts we 're all praying for y' all .

Such a tragedy.My prayers go out to Boston

My prayers go out to all the people who where injured in Boston !! Praying for you !! I 'm so thankful ur safe amber !! I love you !!

Based on her last few tweets , I 'm choosing to assume that Amanda Bynes has not heard about Boston yet

#BTRonCambio do you already know what is happening to Boston right now ? :'-LRB- #PrayForBoston / 3

I guess I should n't be complaining with the tragedy going on in Boston

The most disgusting commentary on the #Boston explosions can be found in pro-Assad groups like this |

The Boston Bruins have postponed tonight 's game vs. Ottawa . Cam Neely 's statement :

BOSTON -LRB- AP -RRB- _ #Boston police commissioner says no suspect is in custody in marathon explosions . #bostonmarathon

RT-3 is closed from Main St to Charles St - police -LSB- -RSB- #CMBostonTraffic #Boston

I dont take much seriously but I 'm going to pretend I have n't just seen a joke about the Boston bombings , sick #unfollowed

Boston Marathon explosions : New York Police increase Times Square security in response : While the details of m

And now the real damage of terrorism : shutting down 15 blocks of Boston to investigate : loss of revenue , tourism , morale , etc. .

That shit in Boston was a dare , what is life ?

My thoughts and prayers go out to the people of Boston and those affected by the bombings . #BostonMarathon

After hearing about the bombings in Iraq Boston sitting through a holocaust lecture emotionally dead .

#Boston , our hearts go out to you .

Sorry the Internet is distracted by the tragedy in Boston . Seems like this conference has been jinxed .

So relieved my friend is ok in Boston having crossed the finish line a couple of minutes before explosions #prayforboston

Prayers to all in America affected by the Boston bombings #bostonmarathon

thank god I was watching the marathon from mile 13 and not the finish line #prayforboston

we 're being safe . just spent two hours trying to contact everyone 's Boston family

If you are n't actually taking the time to Pray for Boston bombing victims then quit it with the lip service .

Sad to here about wat happen to those people in Boston #PrayForBoston

RIP to those who lost their lives in D cowardly attacks in Boston , nd get well soon those who are injured . thought , nd prayers re with you !

This is not good news . Not immediately . Not in long term . Sad . Should n't hv happened . #Boston

My heart feels pretty heavy right now . Thoughts and prayers for those affected in Boston . 3

I ca n't imagine how it 'd be like to be at Boston at this very moment . #PrayForBoston

All the video footage and photos from the Boston bombing is so sad and heart breaking smh .

Boston Harbor Hotel phone call being interpreted as a bomb threat , it does sound like it could be a poorly worded concern over the scanner

I still dont know what happend in Boston .

Boston police clearly have someone , some say in hosp , some say in custody , not necessarily a Saudi !!!

oh god i feel horrible im just thankful to be alive rn . may god be with y' all at boston .

Boston police commissioner : JFK Library fire does n't appear to be related to marathon explosions -LRB- from

No Aussie victims reported in Boston . If you want more info call the DFAT hotline 1300555135

The bravery of the people staying to help others that are hurt when they could be running to safety #Boston

Thoughts and prayers are with the people of Boston , marathoners and their loved ones . All ROC MIMs and HIMs are safe .

My cousin lives 1 block away from the bombing but she was in Jersey this week #thankful #prayforboston

Islam is Peace . Islam strongly condemns all acts of terror and violence in every shape or form . #Boston

Sending my love , support , and condolences to #SealBeach and #Boston today . Too many unfortunate events #CarySmith #BostonMarathon

Our thoughts are with those impacted in Boston today .

We are sending prayers and metta to those in Boston affected by the bombings . Also sharing this message from Dave

For the people who are already being Islamic apologists before the dust has even settled in Boston , go fuck yourselve

Been watching this evening 's developments in Boston . So sad . So wrong .

My love and hope goes out toall all the Boston victims and their families

Thoughts and prayers go out to the people of Boston , the victims and their families , such terrible news .

Thoughts and prayers to everyone in Boston . As well as NYC and DC due to new bomb threats . Please everyone stay safe

If you are looking for someone in Boston or know someone 's whereabouts , you can use Google Person Finder as an

Not good what happening in Boston there are real scum in this world #prayforboston

I hated the Adalia Rose jokes , I hate the 9/11 jokes , I hate the jokes about Boston atm . Jokes about disorders and

Boston . Sounds like the PD , FD and medical personal did a top notch job . Proud of our front line .

I recognized all the streets names on the news be abuse I lived there by a few years ago . Even went to see the marathon . Feel weird . #Boston

Prayer to everyone hurt today at the Boston Marathon . The bombings have now been deemed a terrorist attack . #prayforboston

The picture of the Boston thing is stupid how do y' all know that guy just was n't on the roof tryna get a better look of what happened ? Duh

Awful news about the Boston Marathon #bombings #pray4boston

Pray for Boston and all the people injured at the Marathon .

Pres. Obama will be addressing the nation about the Boston bombings in just a few minutes .

A terrorist is ANYONE who frightens or terrorizes others WHICH whoever bombed Boston is . So why are people mad at the word ?

The Boston Marathon : What to do when a bomb goes off : In a word , get away ! JTA

#prayers go to boston ! #prayers go to the whole wide world

#PrayForBoston And Ignore All The Innocent Victims In 3rd World Countries Bombings #SMH

Prayers out to the ppl out in Bostonppl ca n't even go to marathons now y' all see this ? Smh

Our hearts and thoughts go out to Boston today . Go to to find a Red Cross donatio

true . During breaks of Boston info CNN could at least speak on Iraq , etc. so folks could still be informed on world news .

Wow people are already making jokes about the Boston explosion #smh

President Obama expected to blame the Boston bombings on the Sequester , Glenn Beck , The Right , Congress , Bush , Mitt

Omg spencer this . Spencer that . Mic 10s of people brutally Injured in Boston , 2killed #thinkaboutit #whatever #pra

My prayers go out to the victims and everyone in Boston this is another example of senseless crime

Security beefed up worldwide after #Boston blasts

Usually Boston is a visitor friendly city . But some people come and get scrod .

Jblok 's prayers go out to everyone in Boston and whoever was affected by this senseless violence

This world is a crazy and sick twisted place . Prayers go out to everyone affected in Boston . #prayforboston

Boston Police have confirmed they have no suspects in custody .

but wait there was a facebook page about praying for the boston bombing made on SATURDAY . .

Sad day . Boston in our hearts and minds .

Thank God for small favors #LNYHBT #TCOT #CTOT Enough blood donors in Boston

Oh wow MT First pictures of Boston Marathon explosion :

RT You are in our hearts and on our minds . #Boston

So terrible scary to see such violence . Keeping everyone in Boston in my thoughts today . #prayforboston

I know people keep talking about Boston but I 'm seriously giving up with the planet . Why would some sick bastards d

Dear Twitfam . My hub ran Boston today -LRB- his 7th Boston 19th Marathon -RRB- He 's safe and sound . We 're praying . Please give blood , Bostonites

a bomb went off in Boston during a marathon

UPDATE : Cellphone companies say service is operating in the #Boston area but with heavy traffic -

I feel disgust for those who planted the bombs in Boston and hope they will be found and prosecuted . There is no

Just so horrible what 's happened in Boston . It 's 2013 and these attacks are still happening . Has enough pain not already been caused ?

US president to deliver statement at 6:10 pm ET on #Boston bombings .

Boston mayor 's hotline -LRB- can help locate friends/family -RRB- : 617-635-4500Crime tips hotline : 800-494-TIPS #bostonmarathonby MEMA

#prayforboston thoughts and prayers are with anybody affected by todays tragedy in Boston

Much love to her fam , and the people of Boston . Hopefully everyone 's alright

MARATHON EXPLOSIONS : Boston hospitals report 107 people brought to seven institutions for blast injuries

Boston Marathon 's Final Mile Was Dedicated 2 Newtown Victims - The Atlantic Wire #newtown #bostonmarathon

you ai n't even from Boston

if I was 18 and in Boston rn I 'd honestly donate blood if it meant the possibility of saving someone 's life .

Prays go out to all in Boston #Boston

pray for not just the people in boston , but the people all around the world who are also suffering .

LINCOLN ASSASSINATED TITANIC SANKBOSTON BOMBED ALL ON APRIL 15TH

My heart goes out to Boston , but this deserves even more attention today

Just seen the pic of that injured guy in the wheelchair at the Boston marathon . It 's not very nice

So who gives a shit would is on drive time for The Fan . Boston is where you thoughts should be with no Richie Whitt .

Im feeling for all the familys in boston . Breaks my heart to hear that someone would do something like that to innocent ppl . #prayforboston

the doctors that are in Boston just said no one lost limbs . I think that pictures fake . but I do n't know he 's probably a liar

#prayforboston does anyone know who put these bombs there ? North Korea or who did this ?

Hang in there !!! Boston Needs to remain STRONG !!!!

Just had wind of the Boston Marathon explosons . Hearts go out to everyone . x

More than 1,270 from Maryland , Virginia and the District entered the Boston Marathon .

I ca n't believe how heartless people could be , people ran the boston marathon for charity

Back from soccer and heard about the tragedy at boston , praying for all those who got hurt and their families .

Pray for the victims who were killed or injured at the finish line of the Boston marathon by 2 bomb explosions . They had lives . #prayforthem

Hopefully all the drugs in Boston are still ok . Would n't want anything to happen to the drug supply

Thoughts , prayers , and love going out to my brothers and sisters in Boston . There are no words for what has happened today .

My thoughts and prayers are with everybody in Boston and the families that have been effected ! #tragic

S/O to for the respect and class towards Boston ! #PrayForBoston

Weird to hear Obama talking about Boston , you just do n't expect this type of thing here

2 dead , 23 wounded in Boston marathon explosions , say police - latest updates

Our thoughts and prayers are with those in Boston . What a shame .

My heart goes out to everyone affected by the Boston explosions

#Boston in my thoughts . I hope there are no more victims .

God protect our Nation from all our enemies my prayers go to our Nation #CNN #BostonMarathon #prayforboston #Boston

To Boston we are praying with and for you and your family ?

Omg , I 'm crying about loosing people when people in Boston are dying right now ! I 'm such a selfish cow !

man i 've seen enough violence and horror on the internet , i think i 'll pass on those boston vids

Our heartfelt prayers go out to the city of Boston and everyone affected by today 's incident .

Do n't even know what to think now #Boston

Did n't run the Boston Marathon today . Thanks to everyone for checking in and for your concern . Autism takes a

Boston stand strong sending positive thoughts from New York City

Our thoughts and prayers are with all of those affected by the horrific Boston Marathon explosions .

Live : President Obama on Boston Marathon explosions - Watch : / Mobile :

Awful as it is to watch the footage , seeing people run towards the blast to help others is incredible #boston

My heart goes out to Boston , I 'm sorry people have to be so cruel .

People saying Boston deserved this and making jokes about it are absolutely fucking disgusting

okay , now the focus is on criticizing people not even Boston anymore seriously . grow up .

My heart and prayers go out to the city of Boston and everyone affected by this tragedy . God be with us all .

Explosions ripped through the crowd at the finish line of the Boston Marathon on Monday . 22 hurt and 2 passed

Someone on the top of the building in the top left of the picture as the Boston explosions take place

I feel so much for everyone injured and even the 2 poor souls that passed and their families for the explosion in Boston ! #prayforboston

i really hope all in Boston are ok , my thoughts are with them x

Hearing the news about Boston What is this world coming to ?! Makes me sick to my stomach thinking about whoever di

Update : Sprint and Verizon say poor cell service in Boston is due to increased traffic , not intentional shutdowns http

What happened in Boston just justifies why I have no time for ` god '

Thoughts to the victims of senseless horror 's today in boston and iraq . In my thoughts as well as countless others .

I wasnt at the Boston Marathon , the closest local runner was Andy Williams from Middlebury .

Thinking of all the people who lost their lives in Boston today . So sad #prayforboston

Boston is a tough resilient town and so are its people - POTUS

It 's going to take a long time to go in Dodgers Stadium today . . Security will be high cause of the brawl and now what happened in Boston

I 'm actually ashamed to say i 'm part of the human race when people do things like this . humans are disgusting . #Boston

Awful scenes in Boston . Ca n't comprehend some peoples actions . Thoughts are with the families .

A sad reminder that sick people still breath among us Live coverage of explosion at Boston Marathon finish line from

thoughts and prayers with the families of the boston explosion 3

Everyone pray for and the rest of Boston and our favorite Bad Girls . #PrayForBoston

Not often I agree with but do tonight . Absolutely right to draw comparisons between bombs in Boston and Iraq

The Boston Video : gave me such big chills . .

Bet that Obama and Incompatano are wanting to blame this on Tea Party - The lefts meme will prove it #Obama #Boston

Thats crazy boston done had 3 bombs

My thoughts and prayers are with those in #boston , and I hope that those responsible for this are dealt with quickly an

My ethics class today was literally about terrorism , and that 's when the news came in about Boston . wow .

Night people and god bless the people over at #Boston hope #Boston get the people who done this .

Oh my ! There was a terrorist attack in Boston . Two people were murdered during a bomb explosion . So sad Pray for all families .

So saddened by the news today . My prayers and heart go out to Boston .

People comparing events in Boston and Baghdad like it 's a game of top trumps , unbelievable .

#BBCWorld is doing a fantastic job on #Boston . President Obama speaking now .

Prayers for Boston . . Lets see who gets the blame for the bombing ! #Boston #prayforboston

Boston bombing looks domestic to me

Sending my love to Boston and those affected feeling very sad after reading the news .

Prayers going out to the families who participated or have someone that is in the Boston marathon ! #GodBless

This Boston footage is just awful . But I did also notice the people running toward the blast , to help , which is remarka

MENSAJE DE OBAMA EN VIVO SOBRE ATENTADO EN BOSTON

#Obama : Still do n't know who did this , why . Make no mistake , we will find out . Responsible groups will feel full weight of justice . #Boston

I live in Boston and thankfully no one I know was hurt but it is pretty hectic and so much confusion . Thanks for your prayers

My heart goes out to everyone from around the world who is visiting Boston today . Such a tragedy .

Sending lots of prayers to the victims and first responders of the Boston tragedy . We were put on this earth to love .

hey hey hey . you should come to tonight to console my sad boston arse ! just sayin ;--RRB- #ComePlayWithUs

Clear video of the first bomb and its aftermath . #Boston

Map : approximate site of Boston Marathon explosions

As of 4:30 2 people confirmed dead and over 28 injured at the Boston Marathon bombing .

I believe god had a plan for you not to make the time for Boston marathon

Omg a man on a roofthat 's unheard of in Boston

solve it clue style . it was ????? with bombs at the boston marathon . weve almost got it . i thought candlestick at first

#bostonmarathon #prayforboston omj that 's so sad , stupid idiots just like bombing people wtf

My thoughts go out to all the people in Boston #prayingforboston

Senseless act by cowards today in Boston . God be with the victims and their families #prayforboston

Shocked and horrified by the Boston Marathon tragedy . Thoughts and prayers are with family , friends and victims of this horrible tragedy .

PRAYERS TO MY EXTENDED FAM IN BOSTON MY BROTHER FROM ANOTHER Michael Mic-check Tucker UP IN BOSTON HOPE YOU AND

we should just stay homeno movies , school , marathons , nothing.because in america you will probably get killed or injured . #prayforboston

PHOTOS : Images from the Boston Marathon explosions

Them poor people in Boston nowere is safe , the world is actually so scary . . whats it going to be like when our kids , kids grow up ?? : /

Sadly , these events will always happen . The best we can do is see the positive in how the city of Boston is coming toge

They really suspended this nigga account for talmbout Boston

Praying for all in Boston ! Such a terrible day I hope justice is served !

All Americans stand by Boston as does the British , thoughts are with you Boston #Bostonmarathon

Goodnight friends , my thoughts are with the poor souls in Boston . Xxxxxx

Sending lots of prayers , thoughts and love to Boston #prayforboston

Y' all talking about pray for Boston . . Y' all need to be praying for everything the sick people in this world . !

My heart goes out to #boston and the victims of this senseless tragedy . #prayerforboston

why is #prayforboston even trending ? millions of people in the middle east die of bombs everyday , and they never get not

C'mon #boston do n't give up ! Keep your head up !

Boston 's one of my favorite cities . I ca n't even imagine the feeling there right now . Stay safe , Bostonians . You 're in my thoughts .

Somebody link me to a the Boston article please ! I ca n't search it cause my iPod is messing up .

my prayers go out to Boston but PLEASE let Americans know today is #JackieRobinsonDay in All teams wear # 42 in his honor

Best wishes and support for the folks up in Boston .

2 explosions go off at the finish line of the Boston Marathon today , injuring at least a half-dozen people

Our stream now has live video from in Boston . We 'll be on with KATU News at 4 in about 45 minutes .

Obama : We still do not know who did this or why Groups responsible for -LRB- Boston -RRB- explosions will feel the full weight of justice .

Can you stop trying to get RTs over the explosions in Boston please . This is not a game , people are dying for god 's sake

Thoughts and prayers are with everyone who is in and around the Boston area right now . Stay safe .

I just want to pray for those people in Boston . Such a very unfortunate horrible event that just happened to these poor people . God bless .

The whole Boston situation genuinely upset me #PrayerForBoston

All my prayers go to Boston right now . :-LRB- #PrayForBoston

All our prayers and thoughts are for the victims and their families . Ours hearts are in Boston .

Wetin happen for boston biko ? : s iamKingil : Lmao

Forget about the Boston bombings , SOAP is n't at Source anymore !!! My Thursday nights are ruined !!!

This thing in Boston wo n't get off my mind : / whoever did this needs to be bombed themselves . #PrayForBoston

My prayers and love go out to everyone in #Boston . Please keep them in your prayers everyone ! #PrayforBoston #Bostonin

My thoughts and prayers to everyone affected by this tragedy in Boston #prayforboston

#PrayersForBoston may we pray as a community for the runners , spectators , people of Boston and their families . May God keep them safe .

Politicos React To Boston Marathon Violence #storify #boston #prayforboston

-LRB- , v.v -RRB- just saw the Boston bombing #prayforboston #prayforboston

Kids playing search and destroy in Boston . Cops won round 3 defused the bomb #goodshit #lightingupthemood

safe and sound in charlestown , sending thoughts and prayers downtown . love my city , stay strong boston and visitors . #boston

#Boston am I the only one with gut feeling this is homegrown attack . #yan

Lets have all the innocent people from Boston in our prayers . No one deserves this kind of things :-LRB-

Everyone in boston , stay safe!No one deserves this.It needs to end . #prayforboston

My prayers go out to all of Boston . May justice be served .

We are so very sorry to be frozen in stunned silence over the terrible news that is coming out of Boston . We

We will find out who did this and hold them accountable : Obama #Boston #marathon

Boston Marathon is the oldest in the world : The Boston Marathon is the oldest annual

It is so weird to hear President Obama talking about America standing with Boston . This whole thing is just surreal .

I 'm pretty sure everyone heard about what happened in Boston . #PrayersForBoston #PrayForBoston they 're in my thoughts

If I was in the Boston marathon I 'd be one of those people running straight to the hospital to give blood . Runners have each other 's back

Sparrow Hawk and the Boston Marathon via

Well that 's profoundly depressing . Whoever perpetrated this utterly disgraceful act is beyond help , regardless of misguided cause . #boston

Poor Boston - i wonder how much longer these attacks will keep happening

Sometimes I think all the media coverage of these tragedies causes these idiots to try and out do each other . Thoughts and Prays Boston

I think my mom is afraid of the bombing in Boston and I 'm like mom that 's really far away it 's gon na be ok

Just got home from work to hear about the explosions at the Boston marathon , such an awful thing to happen #prayforboston

The pictures from the bombing in Boston breaks my heart :-LRB-

Praying for Boston my condolence is with the victims of the marathon in Boston

Whilst I think what has happened in #Boston is shocking tragic I have to question why every bomb that goes off in Afghan .

And to thinkI 'm suppose to travel to Boston for a training

Harrowing images of aftermath of Boston Marathon bombing at

Rondo Why U Do It Bruh They Used To Love U In Boston

Our thoughts and prayers to those affected by the bombing . #prayforboston

For all my Boston Hookers stay off the Street

First a Movie Theater Second A Elementary SchoolAnd Now A Marathon Wow ! That 's crazy #prayforboston

pray for boston ? what about palestine they are suffering from like 70 years and what about iraq ?

My thoughts and prayers go out the people and families affected by the tragic events at the Boston Marathon .

If you 're looking for someone at #BostonMarathon Boston Police have a hotline : Call 617-635-4500 .

All I have been doing is sleeping so I have no clue what is going on with Boston

On TV Boston looks as if its full of Anglo-saxons .

All celebrities are saddened to hear of the events in Boston .

Not only have I heard about what happened in Boston but I also heard that 3 boys killed a homeless man for a dare!What are people thinking !

Prayers go out to those directly , and indirectly affected by not only Boston but all international conflict . #PrayForBoston #PrayForUs

Man , i was in Boston literally a month ago scary stufff #PrayForBoston

Obama makes statement on Boston explosions

rip to everyone that died in the destructions of this date - the titanic , hillsborough disaster and the boston bombi

TBH we are all making this Boston event seem worse than it is . Dont get me wrong it 's terrible . But we need to calm down we are n't helping

thoughts and prayers to all those impacted by the events in Boston , MA #prayforboston

My heart goes out to everyone in boston and their loved ones ; especially my sister . So relieved you 're safe , Sami . #prayforboston

Sad day in my home town , at what 's usually one of the loveliest events in the city . Prayers for #Boston tonight .

BOSTON MARATHON BOMBINGS : Officials confirm at least 68 taken to area hospitals . Death toll stands at 2 .

Just heard about Boston . So sad to hear . No one deserves to go through that .

People swearing that the Boston marathon explosions were North Korea attacking us

North Shore Varsity Sports club runner glad he was faster than usual in Boston Marathon | #RunLa

Praying for everyone in Boston and everyone involved in the bombing #prayersforboston

this nigga said wht happen to boston lol #allLate smh

Raw video shows scene moments after the Boston explosions : #BostonMarathon

Flags over being lowered to half-staff out of respect for the victims of Boston Marathon tragedy

Please do not add to the grief in Boston by Instagramming those pics and deciding what filter to use . Just have class and stop it .

So the people who bombed Boston . . We 're trying to kill the victims of the Sandy Hook tragedy.SMGDH #PrayForBoston

What was the point of this Boston Marathon bombing along with the library ? Keep us covered Lord .

Condolences to the people affected by the next boston massacre .

GUYS PLEASE RT. . IF U ARE IN BOSTON SEE A LITTLE GIRL WEARING A PINK SHIRT WITH A WHITE BUTTERFLY ON IT TELL ME

Amazing still from CNN video of Boston explosion .

Wtf r u srsly making meme about fucking going to boston for the marathon for fun !? FUCK YOU HOES

To everyone trying to blame the Boston incident on Obama :

OUR = Boston/Massachusetts people . Even a Rhode Islander understands that .

Boston marathon victims are treated well in the best hospitals in America

Pray for Boston . And every other part of the world cause they 're not the only ones going through rough times .

Wait , DHS and the tyrannical security State could n't prevent a couple bombs in Boston today ?

People on twitter that do n't really care about what happens in the world and about Boston just acting concerned for retweets . #sadtruth

I 'm a Muslim and I am also upset with the Boston bombing .

#BostonMarathon U.S. federal authorities are classifying the Boston Marathon bombings as a terrorist attack

After seeing the tragedy in Boston I 'm reminded how blessed I am to come home to my family . Every day is a gift .

There is a fake Boston Marathon account going around saying it will donate $ 1 to the victims for each RT. . This stuff is

My thoughts and prayers are with the families of the dead and those who have been injured . #Boston

Displaced #Boston friends/runners - heres a spreadsheet of other amazing Bostonians who can host u until u can go home

I have no words for this cruelty . Sending love to everyone affected in Boston . xx #bostonmarathon

#PrayForBoston hearing what happened in Boston all over praying for the families and runners .

Did n't all the 911 Planes leave from #Boston Logan ? And #Saudi 's as well . . #PrayForBoston

Prayers to everyone in Boston today ! Amazing what amazing and horrible things people can do in today 's world .

I think if there 's a FUCKING BOMBING IN BOSTON WHILE WE 'RE AT SCHOOL THEY SHOULD HAVE TO TELL US

Our hearts go out to the victims and families of those affected by today 's terrible tragedy at the Boston

To every soul and their loved ones in the beautiful city of Boston , my thoughts and prayers are with you . #bostonmarathon #prayforboston

See the latest videos and photos from the Boston Marathon bombings with our live reactions Storify :

I 'm so sorry about what happened in Boston today . Are your families ok ?

Heart goes out to everyone in Boston , thinking of you all

I can almost hear the typing of the NRA drafting their press release ` see it 's not guns that kill people ' #Boston #opportunism #beforelong

I 'm really glad to see my old friend who ran the Boston Marathon with her family is ok

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and their families , as this tragedy unfolds in Boston .

The Standells - Dirty Water -LRB- Boston Montage -RRB- : via Stay Home Stay Safe and Hug your Loved Ones

The fact that people ca n't even feel safe running in a marathon is just pathetic #prayforboston

President Obama on Boston Marathon blasts : We still do not know who did this or why ; but make no mistake , we will get to the b

But yeah , do n't just tweet it , actually pray for Boston .

just sad what happened today in boston i pray for everybody in that situation

the Boston Police Commissioner 's name is Ed Davis lol

My heart goes out to the families if the victims of the Boston marathon bombings . May God show you compassion love .

Y' all know them niggas in Boston or nah ?

Some people at the Boston Marathon were the parents of killed Sandy Hook children .

Jesus man this is bad , heart goes out to boston

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the runners , fans , and the people of Boston . There are no words .

Bay Area runner Bob Anderson gives his account of the bombings at the Boston Marathon .

I know u are far away from Boston but keep safe fren . Love yewww !

just a lot of pretentious people playing a game I 'm my opinion . Does n't mean I do n't care about what 's happened in Boston .

For those who still believe NYPost , here 's the truth : Boston police commissioner says NO suspect in custody . TY

R.I.P to the two people killed in Boston because of the bomb . So sad .

My brothers in boston and he was like im in my dorm watching a movie holla

Seems like Boston media holding back to avoid panic , yes ?

Before it was fuck boston now it 's please save our city . . smh .

Prayers going out to everyone in Boston affected by these , bombings .

encouraging people in general to donate blood . If you 're in Boston , then yes stay home

is LIVE on the phone from Boston , where she was watching the race .

Just found out about the tragedy in Boston . No words right now . #prayforboston

Thoughts with everyone affected by the tragedy in Boston #pray4boston

ii hope the people in Boston are okaa

Thoughts and prayers out to Boston today , live video one of the most disturbing things I 've ever seen #prayforboston

April 15th 1912 : the titanic sunkApril 15th 1989 : Hillsborough disasterand now April 15th 2013 : Boston Bombing #pra

Wolf Blitzer at CNN says that Boston PD says they do n't know where Fox News got that info about a person of interest .

Boston , Baghdad , DamascusGot ties to all 3 . It 's not a contest . All awful , infuriating . Still hope for day we grow beyo

I was so worried about you !! I pray for the people in Boston and its so so horrible what happened

Senseless , cowardly . Thoughts with those suffering . #boston

Thoughts prayers go to everyone affected by the tragedy in Boston .

My thoughts and prayers to everyone in Boston - Sending prayers to families and friends injured and to those who have lost loved ones

Gets out of soccer practice . Boston marathon explosions . oh okay then . #SMH #SickPeopleInThisWorld

Thoughts and prayers to the runners , spectators , volunteers at The Boston marathon . What a shame , such a wonderful

no family . Just love Boston/New England .

Stay strong my Boston Brothers and Sisters I am thinking of you all x

Turned on the news and freaked out that someone bombed a Boston Market . Then reread the headline . #fatboyproblems #DatCornbread #boston

#Any tiny little item may solve this horrid attack , do not hesitate to tell #Federal #Investigators any item , in Boston

Pray for Boston ! God be with the victims of today 's tragic events at the Boston Marathon , and JFK Library .

My heart goes out to the people of Boston and my condolences to those who were hurt or lost in today 's events .

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims of the tragedy at the Boston Marathon .

Boston is a city of strength and Irish ! That makes them unbreakable !! Rise above hate and keep fighting !!

Sorry for all the families that lost someone they loved in Boston . Some people are just complete idiots these days # p

so happy the guy running for hillsborough in boston , is safe ! #sighofrelief

Our Prayers goes out to the Families in Boston bombings today .

Prayers go out to all of the families and people affected by the tragedy in Boston #PrayersForBoston

ohh your talking about the Boston bombing thing : 0 . nevermind

Those pictures of the bombing actually made me feel sick #PrayForBoston

My thoughts and prayers go out to the ones affected by the Boston bombing ! #PrayersForBoston #StandWithBoston

Im listening to boston police scanners rn cuz im bored smh

All crew in Boston have been contacted and are OK

Video shows moment of deadly explosion at finish line of Boston Marathon : April 15 - Video shows moment of a d

How do people have the motive to do something so sickening , is this what the world has become ?? Thoughts in Boston and Iraq .

R.I.P to all those that lost there lives in Boston x

So sad and heartbreaking my prayersthought 2 anyone affected in boston x

cellphone towers are turned off in Boston to prevent detonations

I want to take the time and give my prayers and thoughts to everyone in Boston today . It is devastating to hear

Obama and his people will be blaming the Right , Republicans , the NRA and gun owners before this Boston episode is over !

Prayers go out to those affected in the Boston explosions in a time of tragedy we need to stick together #prayforb

What is wrong with people ? MARATHON EXPLOSION : Toll rises to 2 dead , 64 wounded in Boston Marathon explosions .

I only lost 2 followers in this whole Boston fiasco I 'll count that one as a win

Looking at the pics from Boston and I am proud to be a part of a county that when something terrible happens you see everyone help .

Prayers go out to all the Boston victims

Boston Globe IRS Regions NBC News Anne Frank Macklemore Gold price Irs Forms Boston Herald Boston Marathon Results

For any runners in Boston that need a place to stay tonight Pls help me spread this

My prayers go out to the people in Boston and their families .

wearing any and all Boston gear for the next few days

My thoughts are with all the people injured and who lost people in the bombs today , including those in Boston .

IS N'T TEXTING STILL OPEN IN BOSTON PLEASE TELL ME IT IS

God bless the victims of the marathon bombings in Boston today . It 's horrifying that this is what we humans do to eachother

ya he 's ok but keep prying for all the ppl in Boston tysm

My thoughts and prayers are with all victims and families in Boston . #prayforboston

thank you for seeking justice in the Boston bombings , my you now be courageous enough to say the same in #Gosnell

These people went to Boston to do what they love and have a great time but now there lives will never be the same #PrayersForBoston

All my love and prayers go out to the people in Boston ! Such a tragedy :-LRB-

London race security under review after Boston blasts : LONDON -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Security for Sunday 's London Marathon is being reviewed aft

Thoughts and prayers to those having to deal with the senseless , tragic bombing in Boston today

Please be respectful to those tweeting about any non-Boston news/events . Those ppl have jobs to do . It 's not indifferenc

PLEASE IF YOURE IN THE BOSTON OR NY AREA PLEASE STAY SAFE OR TRY TO GET SOMEWHERE SAFE

Praying for Boston right now - what a terrible tragedy !

15 blocks around explosion sites are being closed . Police are sweeping streets . #Boston

How many people tweeting about their outrage at the Boston disaster are going to do anything more than just that ?

How is getting stick over the boston bombs people are acting like he done it !! grow up people !!!

For any runners in Boston that need a place to stay tonight P

Our hearts are with everyone who was affected in Boston today . #prayforboston

My thoughts tonight are with Boston . Pray for those hurt , thank those that helped , leave conjecture speculation for later #pray4boston

have you heared the news of boston yet ? I 'M REALLY SAD !

Before my acceptance letter from UNB , I was trying for a Boston Marathon #prayforboston

If my Dad 's work do n't cancel his trip to Boston in the next week or so I swear I will kick off big time

Papelbon reacts to Boston tragedy - Phillies closer Jonathan Papelbon reacted to the two explosions that occurred

Looking for anyone in Boston ? Google has a person finder that allows you to search for someone , report someone is ok . htt

we realy have to pray for boston .

Another date to remind us of the evil that lurks around Prayers for everyone in Boston . God bless

What is wrong with people ? Prayers to the injured and those trying to help right now at the Boston Marathon !

Damn they bombed the Boston marathon , I think it was North Korea

the last mile of the Boston Marathon was dedicated to the families of the newtown victims , and they were sitting in the VI

did n't mean disrespect to the people in boston if thats what you mean . .

One bombing in Boston Marathon is getting everyone 's attention . But not everyone cares on what is happening in Palestine .

What happened in Boston is despicable , but no one ever posts about the millions of people affected by America 's wars #maybeitsjustme

I know what happened . Someone got mad about their taxes so they decided to blow up Boston . #BlameTheGovernment

2 dead 70 + people Injured and 3 in ICU in Boston #prayforboston #PrayersForBoston

Meus sentimentos a familia dos feridos em boston / My feelings to the relatives of injured in boston #KeepHoldingOn

Lmao niggas sayin pray for Boston and they dont even believe in jesus

Ca n't believe what had happened today in Boston . Ca n't believe how there are people who do n't respect others lifes . #prayforboston

Hey Harry how 've you been ? Did you hear about the Boston explosion yet at the Boston Marathon ?

I do n't give a fuck bout Boston . Did n't happen near me , to me , or to people I kno . Therefore , no fucks will be given bout this subject .

Jackbutts are trying to blame 'em for the bombs that went off in Boston .

UPDATE : 2 dead , at least 73 injured after #Boston marathon explosions

So did North Korea Have Something to do with the Boston bombing situation ??

My deepest taughts and prayers for the people of #Boston what a sad day :-LRB-

Please everyone pray for the people affected in #boston by the #explosion #Pray4Boston #pray #prayforboston

you could have been there ! Thank God you are back . . #boston

GUYS IF UR LOOKING FOR SOMEONE IN BOSTON CALL THIS NUMBER / / t.co / al4Sz9XmJf

please pray for my cousin who was running in the Boston marathon . She did n't get hit with the bond but her friend did

My thoughts and Prayers go out to Boston right now . What a terrible , terrible thing .

Praying for boston , makes me realize anything can happen anywhere , count your blessings

Google have a system where you can either try to find someone or post info you have about someone at the Boston Marath

That 's awesome ! Red Cross says it does not need any more blood donors in Boston at this time due to many o

6 children admitted at Boston Children 's Hospital following #BostonMarathonExplosions

7 yrs ago today at Boston Pubcon , Pubcon ` ers were standing at a window , watching runners finish the Boston marathon

titanic sank , Boston tragedy , hillsborough soccer stadium tragedy , Kim jong un 1st public speech All April 15th

What the heck is with that tiny portion of the population that seems to think its okay to harm innocent people ? Keep your spirits up Boston .

Marshall runner left Boston Marathon finish area minutes before explosions killed 2 , injured dozens

The city of Boston has a special place in my heart , and my heart breaks for everyone involved in this senseless tragedy today .

The people of Boston are in our thoughts today .

Damn that sucks . Frken terrorism 2 people dead 86 injuredcondolence to the families out in Boston #Boston #America

Lifting Boston up right now . #prayforboston

#SotD Running To Stand Still/U2 . ` She runs through the streets w/her eyes painted red . ' Please just be paint . #Mmmusic #Boston

Night all . Huge love to Boston . Sending my love and warmth . We all need to love and care for one another . Word . X

NAN MAIS J'PEUX PLUS DORMIR LA . VOUS AVRE VU LES PHOTOS DE BOSTON ? C'EST HORRIBLE PTN

Our thoughts go out to all you guys in Boston , stay strong .

Lord Jesus , help those victims of the Boston bombing . #tcot

Sending prayers to those involved in the tragedy in Boston . Such needless violence . #prayforboston

Off to bed ! My thoughts are with everyone in Boston right now . #PrayForBoston

Hearts , thoughts , and prayers go out to those in Boston .

pray for ur hometown boston johncena and good luck toight show monday night raw

WTF moment with pic of Obama resting his foot against antique desk in Oval Office as he talks to FBI re : Boston Marathon bombing - lazy ass !

people in the military see it coming , in boston they didnt

Our thoughts and prayers go out to those in the greater Boston area . We hope that if any of you have loved ones

the same God you are blaming for the Boston tragedy is the same one helping the Drs. put some of these people back together .

Our thoughts and love go out to everyone in the great city of Boston right now .

Horrific pictures coming out of Boston . Just terrible . #cnn #boston

Senators-Bruins Preview -LRB- Yahoo! Sports -RRB- : BOSTON -LRB- AP -RRB- -- The NHL says Monday night 's game between the Ottawa Senators and Boston Bruin

I 'm lost Can someone tell me what happened in Boston

wow our society is so judgemental , blaming Muslims for the bombings in Boston , until the people behind it are caught you have no evidence .

Hey . I know y' all are n't IN Boston , but you 're okay ? Good thoughts to you and yours .

all my thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in Boston right now #prayforboston

My prayers go to everyone who was effected in any kind of way in Boston

I think I 'm the only person that has no idea on what 's going on in boston ????

Please pray for all of the people in Boston who were affected by the bombings today ! We send out our thoughts

So sad what happened in Boston ! Prayers go out to the family and friends that were affected by this tragedy .

My prayers go out to Boston and all those affected by this terrible incident . #PrayersForBoston

The worst thing ever is coming home from school to see the news is on and there was a horrible accident . There was a bombing in Boston :-LRB-

Photos from the scene of the Boston Marathon explosion -LRB- warning : some of these are graphic -RRB-

The fact that Boston marathon was for the kids of Newtown . People are downright chaotic .

Why did boston get bombed , who done it ? Have so many question that no-one is going to answer :-LRB- #ihavenofriends

Google sets up People Finder for Boston Marathon -- for those looking for loved ones . Signal boost !

Some right sick people in this world , send my love and hope to BOSTON #Pray4Boston

#yahoosports 2 killed as 2 bombs explode at Boston Marathon -LRB- Yahoo! Sports -RRB- : BOSTON -LRB- AP -RRB- - #sports #sportsnews

How I feel about the Boston Marathon bombing can not fit into 140 characters . #PrayforBoston

boston has always been one of my favorite cities , and bostonians are some of my favorite peoplethis news breaks my heart

Without knowing it , I literally ran for my life today . If I would have ran Boston slower , I would have been in the midd

Be safe , Boston . We love support you .

Prps Team laments the senseless tragedy that unfolded in Boston today . Our thoughts and prayers are with those affected .

Praying for the people hurt in the Boston Marathon . This is a sad world

My aunt was in the Boston marathon Thank god she 's okay .

Two things : 1 . My hip hurts 2 . What does Obama have to do with the Boston explosions that he feels the need to address them ?

What does sharing a picture actually do to help the people of Boston ? Nothing , so fuck off doing it .

Our hearts go out to all those affected by the #Boston tragedy . tools :

Damn that is some sick shit that happened in Boston , thoughts and prayers out to those affected .

Just cried at the Boston footage . Imagine going to watch your friend finish a race then having no limbs within seconds

Our hearts go out to the victims and families of those affected by today 's terrible tragedy in Boston . You are in our thoughts and prayers .

The Union Leader has several stories from NH runners and others involved in the Boston Marathon today 's explosions .

Our thoughts go out to those affected by the tragedy in Boston today .

Annoyed at comparisons about Boston explosions and other parts of the world . A life is a life . Stop being a dick . It 's not a

Today is Patriots Day in Boston . Know this , Americans do n't back down from tyranny , we rally , united , in the face of ad

Amidst the grief in Boston , what comfort it brings saints to pray in accordance to Romans 8:26 . Thank you Holy Spirit !

Patriots day in Boston will be more deeply heartfelt than ever in coming years . Those responsible for this heinous ac

how about forget the promotions today and show some support for Boston

Praying for the people of Boston tonight . So sad .

Two blasts rock Boston Marathon , at least two killed , dozens hurt

I 'm closely monitoring #Boston situation . In the end , we 'll get to the bottom of this use any info to bolster security + response efforts .

Thoughts , prayers and positive thoughts go to those affected in Boston .

CNN reporting that one of those dead in Boston was an 8 year old child . Just make it stop .

My heart goes out to everyone involved in the boston marathon bombing .

Na . Catch em and Send dat summabitch to Korea . #Boston

Going to sleepor try!Please be safe who are in Boston ! #PrayerForBoston

All thoughts prayers with the people of #Boston tonight !! God bless First Responders who quick actions undoubted

I bet people are already trying to come up with a conspiracy theory for this attack in Boston

Horrific news from the Boston marathon . Our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected .

A report is saying an 8 year old child was killed in the boston marathon tragedy . #PrayerForBoston

For Boston travelers displaced from hotels , city residents have been opening their homes . List of options here :

UPDATE : Mass Ave Bridge -LRB- Cambridge to Boston -RRB- now Closed #BostonMarathon

8-year-old among those dead in Boston Bombing #heartbreaking

mt #Boston residents offering their homes to stranded runners :

How can you even complain right now ? There was a bombing in Boston that took lives and injured many yet you 're worrie

Red cross site to help check on loved ones in #Boston

Now is not a time to point fingers at political parties but a time to care for the people in Boston , compassion has no poli

That shit really is sad in Boston though

UFO At Boston Marathon Explosion Video : via

Boston Marathon Update : The reports 2 dead ; 20-year-old Saudi Arabian national being held suspect :

Those in Boston for the marathon who need to let loved ones know where you are . Register as Safe Well |

Just heard about the Boston bombs . What the fuck humanity . Sick bastards actually do this , horrible

Our thoughts are with everyone in Boston right now Let us know that you 're okay .

Are u guys still going to care about Boston in a few months ... ?

My heart aches for the victims of the senseless bombings at the Boston Marathon .

What happened in Boston today was tragic , my heart goes out to the people affected . But lets not forget those in the Mi

Just like the terrorist who attacked our people in #Benghazi those responsible for #Boston will be brought to justice

people with illuminati/conspiracy theories about what happened in boston . . shut up , you look stupid

First tweet goes out to Boston and everyone affected by the explosions .

Michael Moore on Boston Bombings : ` Tax Day . Patriots Day . ' via

You choose now to bring back the only story you 're shared all week guns ?? BOSTON BOSTON BOSTON

First Boston Marathon now JFK . #prayforboston

:-LRB- Heartbreaking . One of the people killed in the Boston explosions was an 8 year old child .

One of the two people killed was an 8-year-old child , says Wolf Blitzer on CNN . #boston

So sad just read an 8 year old got killed in the Boston bombing . Sick sick sick world !

Prayers go out to everyone affected by this tragic event during the Boston Marathon #prayforboston

I actually refuse to tweet about anything other than helping , worrying hoping for Boston tonight . #PrayingForB

2 of my customers came in my store crying we ask them whats wrong they said there sister callled from Boston said bombs went off .

Praying for all those victims in Boston . . And thank god my sister and her friends are okay !

UPDATE : At least 107 injured people brought to #Boston area hospitals , reports Live coverage from Boston

More more video of Boston Marathon explosions coming out . Link in the comment section . Thoughts prayers

Twitter really depressed me , I 'm wrong who ever did this do that to me and what I feel ca n't compare to what ppl in Boston are going through

a bombing happened during the boston marathon . nobody knows who did it

like ugh shut up hes so annoying gtfo . And omg did you hear about boston -RRB- : thats terrible

` Time to walk the other way ' and other tweets from Boston after the explosions -

Night gon na try and go to sleep as got school tomorrow catch up on Boston in the morning #prayforboston xxx

Can not believe what happened in Boston . Thoughts and best wishes to everyone affected :-LRB-

Cant believe another bombing happened . Praying for boston

Thoughts prayers go out to those affected by the Boston Marathon bombings ! What 's happening to our world ? #tragic

IF YOU LIVE IN BOSTON DONT USE UR PHONE OR THE SUBWAY IT COULD TRIGGER MORE BOMBS RT RT RT

just look at tweets , he thinks he 's reporting live from boston the cunt #weallhavenewsandgoogle

NBC News , CNN reporting that one of those killed in the explosions in Boston was 8 years old .

One of two dead in Boston explosions confirmed to be 8 yrs old

So i wonder what kind of conspiracy theories are gon na come from this boston bombing

nothing at all . My thoughts are with those in Boston

Witnessing the out pouring of support aimed at Boston reminds me why we call ourselves the greatest nation on earth

As . Horrific as the Boston scenes are , after watching that panorama doc on North Korea we may be praying for thousands/millions more #crazy

Btw . So sorry to hear about the bombing in Boston !!

This Boston bomb thing is fucking crazy . What 's the point of doing that ?

Fucked up in Boston , 8 year old confirmed as one of the dead

killed in these villages , but that is a side effect of geting rid of the main threat , however in boston , the

While it 's important 2reflect on the pointless slaughter maiming in Boston , changing how 1acts on Social Media

If all you care about is that 1D was n't in Boston at the time of the bombing then you 're a worthless fuck and you nee

you got back from boston right on time ! #luckygirl

crazy about the Boston marathon ! Hope you guys enjoy the show on May 14th ! It was fun .

Some of the images from boston are awful and sad

I think north Korea had something to do with the bombs . #prayforboston

Sending prayers to those affected by the bombs at the Boston marathon #sosad

Wolf Blitzer on CNN just reported that one of two killed in Boston is 8 year old child

It 's sick how Boston only gets attention when something bad happens #prayforboston

Heartbreaking A law enforcement official tells NBC News one of those killed in Boston was a child , eight years

Sending prayers for Boston and those affected by this tragedy .

Hope in sight of the latest scenes in Boston that the everyday dangers of what the people of Palestine have to endure gains major publicity !

OMFG . Why are people having jokes about Boston ?! Imagine if someone close to you was injured or dead ? Would you be laughing then ?

OMG ! I 'm coming back to socials now . Did n't watch news . Just heard about Boston ! I read CNN , but is there more info ? Anyone ?

After this tragedy in Boston I 'm glad people have time to update us all on their thoughts of Made In Chelseahave a word w

No I 'm not just talking about Boston . I mean in general .

` merica RT Red Cross says it does not need any more blood donors in Boston at this time due to many offers

My thoughts are with friends and families of those victims in Boston #prayforboston #boston #rip

2nd Alarm - Boston , MA : U/D CMD unsure if this explosion was a result of an electrical issue or a explosive

Praying for the ppl , in Boston may God give u all comfort during this time .

What the hell happened in Boston ohmygod

As a #Yankees fan and as much as I do n't like #Boston right now I 'm praying for everyone over there ! #prayforboston #bo

I really hope people do n't start making memes about Boston , I 'll lose my shit .

any jokes made on this boston bombing are just sick

This stuff in Boston is crazy ! Prayers to everyone involved ! #BostonMarathon #PrayForBoston

As a Brit living in #Boston , do n't let these Bastards get you down . You have a city to be proud of !

It is overwhelming that this happened in my backyard , and where many us work . #Scituate #Boston

#bostonmarathon terrible and sad news coming from Boston . 8 yr old child is one of the confirmed dead . What has gone wrong with our world !?

Better follow up that ` Pray for Boston ' tweet or status with a couple hundred more for the rest of the world you ignorant pricks .

Terror attacks in Boston . Smh . Right when u thought it was safe .

Boston did n't pray for me when I stubbed my toe . . that shit hurt

Live blog on the Boston marathon explosions :

Hope all y' all we met in Boston are safe

I 'm just glad all the Relay for Life Marathons in Texas went good because we could of easily been Boston .

I want you to remember where you were when you found out about 9/11 , sandy hook , Colorado shootings , and Boston . Remember how you felt .

A law enforcement official tells NBC News one of those killed in Boston was a child , eight years old . Terrible .

Terrible tragedy in Boston . My heart going to victims . Source of attacks not confirmeddo n't assume . It makes an ass of u and me #boston

titanic , hillsborough and now Boston x

Sending reiki in abundace to BOSTON xxx

President Obama : We Will Find Person Who Caused Boston Explosions pls retweet Follow #celebrity

Stay strong Boston . We 're praying for you . UNITED States of America . #peace

Boston TV saying one of two killed was an 8-year old child .

Sorry if we 're quiet tonight ; our thoughts are with Boston . Stay safe , geeks ! 3

This is just a disgusting attack on the Boston Marathon . What is wrong with this world . . ? #prayersforboston

Sadly , one 8 year old child and 1 adult has been killed in Boston .

Just another example of what happens in a Godless society . Praying for those affected in Boston .

heart goes out to those affected by the boston marathon bombing

An 8 yr old was killed at the Boston Marathon . It 's being reported on #prayersforboston

Two dead , 23 injured after explosions at Boston Marathon : Two explosions hit the Boston Marathon as runners cr

Go home tonight and do n't watch hours of nonstop Boston news . Everything known can probably be reported in 10 minutes . The rest is fluff .

Obama had no time to call Boston Bombings a #Terrorist Attack , he 's busy asking Eric Holder how do we spin this one ? #FortHood #Benghazi

We started this in Boston , and we will always be here . #RebeldesPorSiempre

Our thoughts and prayers are with all the people in Boston !

do n't get me wrong , I agree with you ! I 'm just explaing why Boston is bigger news than Iraq .

Yeah the Boston shit is crazy but think about it there 's countries see that shit everyday be greatful that we live in

The boys are not important right now ! They do n't matter . What matters is making sure everyone in Boston/US are safe and ok

Pretty much speechless after watching what has gone on in Boston on the news . Thoughts are with everyone involved :-LRB-

We come together a individuals , Bostonians , and Americans . Massachusetts will be recieving prayers in mass we will not falter #Boston

no matter who did it , its terrorism , and one of the 2 dead was 8 yrs old , according to wbz-tv boston

does the news right Finally WIOD has a real newscaster . #bostonmarathon #boston #radio #miami

What can we do for Boston and families in search of loved ones ? Actions to take right now : #Boston

You got ta tell people you 're fine and safe and you 're nowhere near Boston . some Fans can be so insane . they 're drive me crazy .

Sending peace , love , and light to everyone affected by the tragic bombings at the Boston Marathon .

Why people keep talking bad about boston tho ?

I just heard about what happened in Boston and my heart is broken . Hope all of my Mass friends are alright .

Oh God , twelve perished in the Boston event .

Thoughts are with the people in Boston . . Just the beginning I 'm guessing .

very sad bout Boston and will pray for victims

Just Want To Pray For The People Of Boston . My Prayers Are With All The People And Their Love Ones . #PrayForBoston

EXTREMELY GRAPHIC image of a man who 's legs were blown off by one of the #Boston explosions earlier today

Boston is blowing up my News Feed .

Omg someone inform me wht happened in boston ?

Erik Rush Tweets All Muslims Should Be Killed in Response To Boston Explosions

My prayers go out to all of those involved in the Boston Marathon today . I hope we bring the perpetrators to justic

Prayers for the world in general though , not just Boston .

I 'll just say this , that Boston bombing is terrible and I feel for those involvedhope justice is served

Oh Boston you 're in my heart , so sad for us all . #Boston

the news just said a 8 year old died in the bombing todayso sad #prayforboston

Join Boston Cares for more ways to help out :

PHOTO at finish line of Boston marathon . 2 explosions , multiple injuries -LRB- Photo may disturb some -LRB- via

My prayers go out to all the people affected by the explosion at the Boston marathon

Prayers go out to the people of Boston , may the perpetrators be found and dealt with !

a conspiracy is a theory , boston was no theory , it happened . .

Thoughts and prayers to you Boston , runners , victims , families , spectatorsI am grieving with you .

#christmas Hiding from the real world - Now we have bombs going off in Boston ? These poor people Can I move in

Keep the Boston marathon athletes and family members in your thoughts . #PrayersForBoston

Just heard what all the commotion is with Boston , ohh woww #pray4boston

The explosion happened while there was a Marathon in Boston ? Who is this shit sick heartless person or group ?! Humanity is disappearing .

Please pray for the runners and their families that were affected by the bombs during the race today #prayforboston

Who said Muslims were behind the Boston attack ? That 's a load of bullshit . We all know Loki 's behind it all .

BBC North America editor Mark Mardell : Police are treating Boston attacks as deliberate it may just be a precautio

Wow this Boston thing is making a really bad day into a fucking horrible day

BBC News HD - Best Videos Of Explosions Hit Boston Marathon Compilation 2013

Horrible heartwrenching that some of the Sandy Hook families were involved in the bombing . #SickToMyStomach #prayforboston

my thoughts and prayers to everyone in Boston esp those whom are affected during The Boston Marathon . #PrayForBoston

Hope all is well with those in Boston stay safe

Bomb explosion in boston 69 injured 2 dead dyz world don tire me oo

An 8 year old died in Boston : / Some people are so fucked up #PrayForBoston

Checking on Seattle-area business people who ran the Boston Marathon

I Live Up North Do n't Know WTF Happened In Boston It 's Two Hours Away From Me .

someone bombed the Boston marathon . 2 dead , 23 injured

it 's like the boston tea party all over again

Prayers out to the people and families affected by the tragedy in Boston . God bless all !

My brother thought Boston was in England , that 's what no school does to you #thick #drongo #pleb

Many prayers for those affected by the bombings in Boston . How can someone do such horrible things ?! This world is SO WRONG . :-LRB-

Is n't John Cena from Boston ?

I 'm glad ESPN is reporting about Boston . Sports are so unimportant when things like this happen #prayforboston

The fact the race in Boston was held for the 26 kids killed in Connecticut and someone had to go bomb is absolutely disg

Boston - you 're in our thoughts and prayers . #BostonMarathon #sad

CNN is now reporting an 8 year old child is among the dead in the terrorist attack in Boston this afternoon . #prayfor

I asked my boss if I could go home early because I feel bad about the Boston tragedy . He said hell naw . SMH What type of world do we live in

Cant help but wonder why Boston was a target .

Bandwidth Issues Down Boston Cell Service , Not Police via

Wow one of the deaths in the boston marathon was an 8 year old , how can someone so young die like that , fucking disgusting

Time to turn in . My thoughts go out to those in #Boston

One of the two people killed at the Boston marathon was an 8 year old girl , this is sick #PrayForBoston

All of our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in Boston today

I feel so useless , I wish I could just help everyone in Boston

who wants to go donate blood with me this week ? not sure if it 'll directly help those in Boston , but i know theres always a need

The world is so fucked up . Praying for all of Boston .

Havent heard back from my brother who lives in Boston . Praying for good news . #PrayersForBoston

I 'm sure this has been said 1000 times . Boston is where the 9/11 flights originated from .

Pray for the runners in Boston , their families and friends . My heart breaks for their suffering as the renewal of spring approaches .

Unverified report that one of 2 dead in Boston explosions was 8 years old . Goddammit . #prayforboston

ca n't get to the hospitals they are in lock down and transit shut down going in to Boston :-LRB-

my harts go out to the familys in #boston and the ones who have lost love ones in this and ones who have been hurt by this

so gald to finally hear my cousin 's safe . u legit have no idea how relieved i am right now #Boston

Boston bombing aftermath : How you can help - U.S. News via Helpful info . Please tweet .

All my prayers goes out to Boston . Stay strong . #prayforboston

U.S. President Barack Obama confirms they do not know who is responsible for the terror attack at the Boston Marathon

Apparently were supposed to wear purple tomorrow for Boston

Sending our Hudson Valley Love and Support to Boston . Our hearts are crying for you .

The Red Cross have tweeted they have enough blood to meet demand . Your state no doubt do need blood ; donate in Boston 's honour !

#BREAKINGNEWS : Reports say one of the two killed in the #Boston #Terrorist attack was an 8 year old boy .

Keep the people and families affected by the Boston marathon bombings in your prayers . #prayforboston

SIENTO MUY MAL , ESTOY ARRECHA , TRISTE Y ASUSTADA , , , DIOS PROTEGE A LA CIUDAD DE BOSTON A USA EN GENERAL Y A VZLA

Wtf happened in Boston im late

Annual Meeting rather put into glaring perspective by news from Baghdad and Boston . Prayers for a world of peace , not violence .

Newtown Runners Reportedly ` Safe ' Following Boston Tragedy - Newtown , CT Patch

On the day we are paying respect to the 96 fans that lost their life at Hillsborough some scum bag lets off bombs in Bos

Horrible newsNBC reporting that an 8-year-old child is among the fatalities in today 's attack in Boston . #WEAU

an 8 year old was confirmed dead in the Boston Marathon bombing omg

To everyone in #Boston , please be careful and stay safe . Our deepest sympathies are with everyone hurt by this horrible event .

The city of Boston is in our thoughts today . We hope all of our Gulls who went to the marathon today are safe and sound !

A reader comment on the Boston Marathon story :

Our thoughts and prayers to the victims and their families in today 's tragedy in Boston #TeamAaliyah !!

2 bombs went off at da boston marathon smh wtf !!! lbs . Dey said we gon get dis mfkas while dey runin lol

1 of the 2 people killed in Boston was 8 years old #horrible #prayforboston

so many prayers going out to Boston today

Most supreme as I step off my soapbox : Prayers go up for Boston all affected .

Explosion in Boston . 3 confirmed dead many more seriously injured . Bombs thought to have been placed in trash bins . http

Heavy hearts for Boston right now .

Thoughts out to the families of those who passed and were injured today , ca n't even begin to imagine what they 're going through #Boston

God we Pray Psalm 46 over the City of Boston please bring Peace over everyone and our Nation ~ IJN Amen

It 's days like today the situation in Boston that make me continuously have this quote on my mind . #bostonmarathon

Stay away from tweets and emails asking you to click , RT forward to donate to Boston victims . Too soon for off

Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone affected by the events in Boston today .

Here are some tips we 've put together on our blog for discussing today 's horrific events in Boston with your

Boston police radio recording from the hour immeditately following the Boston Marathon explosions

A person on the roof during the explosion at Boston

God , be with those in Boston . It 's heartbreaking to hear what happened .

Homeland Security just announced that what happened at the Boston Marathon was a coordinated event #pray4Boston

This shows that guns are n't the problem , people are the problem . #Boston

Prayers for Boston . God bless amerika

Pat Toomey Interrupts Senate Floor Speech To Break News Of Boston Marathon Bombing -LRB- VIDEO -RRB- : Sen. Pat Toomey -LRB- R

Right now in #CambMA Electrical explosion near fire headquarters is not related . is assisting Boston with bomb units .

55 people were killed in Iraq today from a series of car bombs . 2 die in Boston from bomb attacks and it gets this much media #IraqWho ?

for attacking #Boston , attacker signed death warrant for themselves their cause .

murderous vendetta during the Boston marathon without letting the public know about to prevent panic . 2/2

We feel it here in NYC , Boston bros. . Sending prayers your way .

Pat Toomey Interrupts Senate Floor Speech To Break News Of Boston Marathon Bombing -LRB- VIDEO -RRB- : Sen. Pat Toomey -LRB- R-Pa . -RRB- broke from his pr

Bc da shit dat happened in Boston

Boston Marathon : Explosion at finish line causes multiple injuries : Watch live video from the scene #cleveland

Our thoughts and hearts are with all of those who are troubled by today 's Boston Tragedy . - Love all of us here at Loli Poison

If you were at the Boston race or witnessed anything can you please get intouch #boston #prayforboston please RT

For anyone who is looking for someone in Boston ! ===

Writing on a piece of paper pray for boston is n't going to do shit.This is the world we live in . I do n't think that will help change society

go boston police , i 'm rooting for you

Thoughts and prayers go out to those injured at the Boston Marathon .

My deepest prayers go out to those affected at the Boston marathon #disgracetohumanity #prayforboston people are sick

Praying for people in Boston ! I swear you ca n't do anything anymore without some -LRB- sorry -RRB- asswhole doing something stupid !

my news channel just showed the footage of the bombs going off and the people screaming . . I 'm in tears #PrayForBoston / 3

Thoughts and prayers going out to Boston . Another senseless , heartbreaking attack on innocent victims

An 8 year old boy was just confirmed dead from the Boston bombings this afternoon . Get it together , humanity . #sickpeople

people are just using boston for retweets , fuck off .

Thoughts and prayers to all involved in Boston . How can there be so much violence in the world ?

Boston - awful , 2 dead 20 injured . Iraq today , 31 dead 200 injured . Have any of you heard about Iraq today ? No ? Did n't

As poor as Jamaica may be , I 'm so grateful we do n't have mass killings . These pple are crazy ! My prayers go to Boston #Bos

HALF of yall folks not even sad for boston . yall sad for twitter

2DAY MARKS A TRAGEDY N MASSACHUSETTS . FRENZ FOLLOWAZ PLZ PRAY 4 ERYBODY N BOSTON WHO WAS APART OF DA MARATHON THEIR FAMILIES .

Boston 's like my second home :-LRB-

These bombings in Boston have made me feel sick ! Why does this still happen !?

Dude WHAT ?! A bomb at the Boston Marathon ? What the hell , man . What . The . Hell .

Two bombs went off in Boston , wow .

Yes , I 'm showing my respect for them , Boston . I feel sympathy . But nothing can be compare with Palestine . Bomb is every

Our thoughts and prayers are going out to the city of Boston . All of the runners , fans , supporters , families , and

Wow waking up to hear about the bombing in Boston . Stay safe everyone . My thoughts are with you guys xx #prayforboston

Prayers for Boston and the visiting runners and families

Law enforcement confirms that one of the victims of the Boston bombings was 8 years old : | VIA

Terrible news to wake up to . My thoughts are with everyone affected by this horrific act in #Boston and elsewhere .

Belfast Telegraph : Co Down man has narrow escape in Boston Marathon after standing ` right in the middle ' of sc

im surprised they managed to make it from willows to the finish of the boston marathon #warpspeed

GRAPHIC IMAGE : Man loses leg in Boston explosion ! #Prayers4Boston

Thoughts and prayers go out 2 all affected in the Boston bombings . Very sad :'-LRB-

Its actually diagusting to see people making jokes about whats happening in boston already ! have some respect ye pricks ! #fuckedupworld

` Thank god one direction were n't in Boston ' Disgusting .

The last mile had been dedicated to the Newtown school victims.Devastating.My heart is with the people in Boston tonig

Anyone find out about the guy on the roof yet ? #BostonMarathon #Boston -- #roof

Thoughts and Prayers to Boston . We stand with you .

For all we know it could have been obese Americans who planted bombs at the Boston Marathon coz they cudnt partake in it

If ur trying to find somebody or know any info abt the goings-on in Boston , check this out

After finish , bombs shatter Boston Marathon : Two bombs exploded at the Boston Marathon finish line Monday two

Cellphone service in the Boston area is currently experiencing disruptions , following the explosions at the finish line of the Boston Mar

I think people saying ` thank god one direction were n't in Boston ' is actually one of the most hilarious things I 've see

Pray for Boston everyone . Our hearts ache for a tragedy like this . Peace , healing , and a little hope are needed for

Our thoughts are with Boston and their families tonight

Today , we are not cyclists or runners , athletes or spectators ; we are people who enjoy sport and support those who strive within it . #Boston

There have been ZERO arrests . Do n't trust right wing bloggers/news about a Saudi being detained . #Boston

Watching the Boston explosion gives me goosebumps . . So fucked up

The fact that there is a boston bombing harlem shake is the most fucked up thing .

Loving a first responder myself , I 'm sad , sick , thankful and proud of those helping #Boston right now . Take care of each other . #pray4boston

I have n't kept up with news so what is this whole Boston thing . . ??

what do u think abt the Boston Bombing?Dude that shit happens errry day in Congo n no1 makes a huge fuss abt it !

Like no disrespect but I could care less about Boston Js it 's not here so it 's whatever everybody has their problems

WAIT . WHAT 'S GOING ON IN BOSTON ? : o

praying for my fellow runners in Boston today

Prayers go out to those in Boston 2night .

Nothing brings the world together like tragedy . For what it 's worth , that warms my heart . #Boston

Again my condolence to all the victims today in Boston this is really sad .

What a scary world we live in . Absolutely awful what has happened in Boston .

Missing someone due to the Boston bombings ? Google Person Finder : Boston Marathon Explosions

/ if you can get the fuck out of Boston , GET THE FUCK OUT OF BOSTON

sending prayers and love to Boston . today we are ALL Bostonians . #BostonMarathon #Pray4Boston #love #prayersforboston #prayerstoboston

I was walking that way . Scary . MT Graphic : Area around #Boston explosions

Pray for Boston , pray for Boston , pray for Boston .

STOP posting about meaningless things and pray for Boston . Now .

Ca n't be too long now until douchebags start make unnecessary jokes about Boston to get controversial .

#boston marathon my prayer goes to the affected familes may God strenthen you

My heart goes out to the families that lost loves ones and the injured in #Boston at the #bostonmarathon .

Please ! Right now I 'm only interested in the many , many victims in Boston . Priorities !

So who 's the idiot or idiots who bombed a marathon in Boston ?

Prayers go out to the people in Boston and their families .

Former Bobcat Craig Leon Finishes 10th In 117th Boston Marathon

some fucking idiots about taking the piss out of boston god help if anything happend to your family and people took the piss #DickHeads

I just do n't like that my TL is full of people getting mad at Harry for not tweeting about Boston . That does n't make sense .

Hoping all of our family and friends are okay in Boston . Still have n't been able to reach some including my cousin who attends BC . #keepsafe

-LRB- April 12 -RRB- Boston EMS is deploying a new mass-casualty device during marathon .

A few Christians are using the Boston bombings as proof that God hates gays , and does n't want them to marry , fucking

Kevin Ware 's injury does n't even compare to that guy in the wheel chair at the Boston Marathon.How he still gets media attention disgusts me

Went to tweet about Duffa Hat and then found out about the Boston Marathon . Fuuuuuck . Thoughts are travelling across the pond .

Raa ! #cnn b ` y , hows about showing the explosion again ! Never seen it yet . Pfft ! #boston

My heart sympathies with Boston and may God Almighty bless each one of us .

It was just reported that one of those killed in Boston today in the explosions was an 8-year-old child . I have

Logged on Twitter I knew about Boston . On FB I 've learnt 2 people ca n't sleep , somebody 's washers flooded curries nice !

My last thoughts of the night go to the victims and all those affected by the sad events that have unfolded in Boston

Our thoughts and prayers go out to anyone affected by the tragedy today at the Boston Marathon .

On behalf of everyone here at the Clubs , our thoughts are with our friends , neighbors and loved ones in Boston . We

How did Boston residents use to check in with families neighbors ? We ask Watch LIVE : htt

How do you feel about your personal safety at large public events following today 's explosions in Boston ?

Pray for those people in Boston , some real monsters out there #RIP

My prayers and thoughts got out to those that are affected by the tragedy in Boston

^ ~ ^ Two blasts rock Boston Marathon ; at least 2 killed , dozens hurt |

Pat Toomey Interrupts Senate Floor Speech To Break News Of Boston Marathon Bombing -LRB- VIDEO -RRB- via

My prayers go out to all of those affected in Boston . Such a horrible thing that happened . #PrayersForBoston

Be safe and strong Boston . You 've been in the midst of mad men before .

WHDH : 8-year-old among the dead in #Boston Marathon terror attack . - So sad Smh ! #PrayForBoston

Fellow New Songers , please lift Boston up in prayer !

Well the Boston marathon sure did end in a bang . #toosoon #sorry

Oh my God !! Just tuning in to CNN . OMG ! I hope you guys out there in Boston are okay .

The explosions at the Boston Marathon were triggered by remote detonation , ABC News reports .

God Bless . . Boston you 're in my heart !! I love you , take care .

I could care less what 's in Boston yes it 's sad but I ca n't do shit from here .

Our thoughts and prays go out to the victims of the Boston marathon tragedy .

Did n't a 1D world just open in Boston ? Crazy . .

Hate that Boston is dealing with this scary situation . Thoughts and prayers go out to the city I love and all those in

Even sadder to hear about the Boston marathon when it 's an event that holds so much tradition being the first marathon site in the world .

SEE LIVE EXPLOSION STRIKE BOSTON MARATHON BOSTON EXPLOSION

Thoughts going out to everyone in the Boston area following today 's tradegies . #PrayersForBoston

Words ca n't explain on what happened today in Boston this is a day of celebration I feel so much gutted on this act to the running family

After seeing what happend to all these people in boston u actually dont kno when your times up so make ur life worth living

Working on an art instalation involving newsfeeds sent to big LED displays . Sad and strange seeing events unfold in Boston as I work . .

please pray for the people in Boston that are hurt are affected by this tragedy . some people are so heartless .

Police say the fire at the JFK library does n't appear to be related to the explosions at the Boston Marathon .

NYC Marathon pledges safety is its top priority : The deadly bombing of the Boston Marathon cast a dark shadow over the running world

If you 're having a bad day just remember this : Your day is much better than someone in the Boston marathon

David . How stupid are you ? Did I just say Boston happened because of drone strikes ? Show me where I -LRB- cont -RRB-

Canadians seeking Canadians re : Boston Marathon Bombings . 1-800-387-3124 . #Nanaimo

Boston news is awful but sadly not surprising in the slightest

Obama vows justice for #Boston blasts -- what he said this evening -- watch :

My prayers go out to the victims and family of victims in the Boston Marathon attack !

Bombs are getting found , some exploded towards the end of the marathon . Many people injured , a few killed . Bost

Our hearts go out to those affected in today 's Boston tragedy

Google Fencing News . Two lives lost in Boston explosions - Journal Live : Two lives lost in Boston explosionsJo

i hope the boston tipton wasnt destroyed

Congressman Renacci was quick to post that he was monitoring the Boston Marathon Bombing incident . Is n't he supposed to be a legislator ?

Maybe our school can start a donation box for Boston and send it over to them

I 'll be praying for all the families affected by today 's bombings in Boston as well as justice against the awful people

I do n't think could dramatise this Boston news story any more . No doubt they 're feverishly working on a montage

Unbelievable I just woke up and heard another attack . . This time in Boston . I feel sick . . the perpetrators need to be bombed as well

God bless you and Boston at this moment . #YNWA

Putting my paws together and praying for everyone in Boston

Hope that you were n't near the explosions today . The residents and runner in Boston are in my thoughts and prayers .

My thoughts prayers go to those in boston . Senseless mane

Catch me on the news tonight at 5 on channel 12 talking about Boston . #prayforboston #bostonmarathon

Bandwidth Issues Down Boston Cell Service , Not Police : Cellphone service in the Boston area is curren #codecia

Temple Rodef Shalom sends its prayers to the people of Boston . Our hope for healing and comfort and peace . Oseh

Please watch how much coverage you your children watch of the bombing in Boston . Media trauma is real .

I feel really bad for what happened in boston , but million times worse happens in syria and palestine , everyday !

Goodnight . I hope to god all this calms down and Boston is all safe . #prayforboston 3

Damn crazy shit going on in the world my heart goes out to the people in boston

The world has gone mad ! My thoughts are with the famlies affected in boston , #PrayForBoston

Praying for those in Boston today . Such a sad , senseless tragedy .

Give thnks for lyf , give thnks for health cz yu neva knw wat lies ahead , my condolences to the people of Boston

Thoughts and prayers for the people in #Boston . What a scary and terrible incident . #prayforboston

once boston recovers and mobilizes , it will be a city with an agenda , and i would hate to be the person they 're looking for .

No 7 pm news tonight . NBC will have the latest on the Boston Marathon bombings . #nbcnews

RIP to the people who were killed at the Boston marathon today

Opine : The Boston Marathon and Running for Your Life

Okay somethings happen at Boston , tryna find out what through twitter . .

Monday is Tragic Day in Markets and at Boston Marathon on Patriots Day ! : Close of Markets Monday Afternoon

Prayers go out from our family to all those impacted by the face of sin at the Boston Marathon today .

I 'm praying for those affected in Boston . So tragic . So senseless . People can be so evil #prayforboston

Every Asian when asked about the Boston bombing .

Only person that finds the boston bombing 's funny is of course ryan hudson ffs

Just heard about the bombs in Boston . Praying for everyone there . :-LRB-

So much confusion in Boston . To everyone reporting on this tragedy : remember that it 's more important to get it right tha

My heart , thoughts and prayers go to those victims in Boston . May all of them be safe .

Heading to Boston ; best wishes to all and hope to be able to lend a hand soon . Terrible .

Victoria News - UPDATE : Victoria runners , spectators recount Boston Marathon explosion chaos

Such brave and strong people in Boston at the moment.It 's amazing how positive some can be.I honestly look up to them . #heros

I do n't pray , but I hope everyone in Boston stays strong

This Boston Marathon bombing literally makes me sick to my stomach . What is this nation coming to?Like really . It

All sympathies/empathy projected to Boston . So sorry for anyone who was injured and for the families of the 2 who di

Patriots Day is holiday only in #Boston , this is when #BostonMararthon happens , for me it 's always been the Sham el Neseem of Boston

Perfect timing for this Boston shit . We were all one NYT op-Ed away from demanding justice for the Gitmo inmates being tort

Which one is pray for Boston again ?? And y are Nigerians concerned sef ?

The fact that anyone has been killed in Boston today is appaling , but the fact that one of them is an 8 year old child is truly sickening !!!

Can people not jump to conclusions and blame a specific group for the explosions in Boston ?

Have you heard anything out of the team about what they think about what happened in Boston ? I have not . Show tonight ?

PSA : DO NOT SPECULATE ON SOCIAL MEDIA ABOUT BOSTON BOMBING WHO 'S RESPONSIBLE . Lots of disinformation 's about to

My condolences 2 those affected by the Boston Marathon Explosion . Realize as this nation grieves w/u , we 're pulling 4 u.

Thoughts prayers w / Boston people - check-in someway/somehow #boston

Just the thought of the bombing in Boston is scary , and sad , seriously how far are we going to go with this idiocy and viol

I think those people in Boston deserve a moment of silence from us #pray

Team Continuum did not have entries in the Boston Marathon . If you are a current or past member and ran today , please let us hear from you .

I just ca n't believe what happened in Boston . All of my prayers and thoughts are on this tragic event !

This shit in Boston is not cool , man . In any way . #bostonmarathon

You think what you 're doing is important and then . Blessings to #Boston .

bombs were set off at a Boston marathon . . and other places in Boston

April 15 : Titanic Sunk April 15 : Hillsborough DisasterApril 15 : Lincons assassinationApril 15 : Boston BombingIM SPEEC

I fear Boston 's only the beginning anyway But after further research on what the hell happened I #prayforboston and mankind

Same :--LRB- Even though I know my friends running Boston are safe , I ca n't do anything except sit here and cr

Thoughts prayers going out to boston today . #prayforboston

The fact that a 8 year died because of the Boston Marathon He aint live HALF is life yet

right u dumb cunt . After what happened in Boston today all we care about is shopping .

BBC News - Boston Marathon hit by twin explosions

Boston marathon runners stopped at mile 21 .

Do n't only pray for Boston pray for the world ! One question . Is the only time you pray is when a tragic accident happen ?

May God 's comfort be upon those suffering in Boston and may his supernatural strength hold up personnel and volunteers helping .

#RedSox landed safely in Cleveland . My thoughts are still in #Boston .

I guess now that Boston is trending y' all are n't sad about ware no more , right ? The social media prayers has shifted

Can not wrap my head around what happen in Boston . Thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected

My prayers go out to those few that died in Boston a few hours ago .

if people are seriously joking about the bombing in boston i seriously hope each and everyone of you get hit by a bus tomorrow

Our thoughts are with the victims , families and people of/in Boston , this evening .

6 children are in care at Boston 's Children Hospital . An 8-year-old is believed , but not confirmed , to be amongst the dead .

Watched the bombing in Boston , that shit makes me so mad

All these mf movies about terrorism are making ppl go out do dumb sh*t like bomb the Boston Marathon

Pre-schedule tweets or updates have donors/customers in Boston ? You might want to reschedule those posted for the

Pictures : Boston Marathon explosions Photo by John Tlumacki via http

Cowardly act up in Boston . Folks got hate in their hearts . And that 's not okay .

I ca n't express how awful I feel for those harmed in the marathon today . It hurts that something so special has been ruined . #prayforboston

You 're in our thoughts today , Boston . Stay strong . #BostonMarathon

WBC already planning to protest the Boston Marathon funerals . Why have n't we declared THEM a terrorist organization yet ?

Wtf happened on Boston was that a fucking bomb ???

An 8 yr old girl got killed from the bombing . She could have had a life but that 's now gone beacuse of a stupid decision . #prayforboston .

CBS updates it 's injury total as I predicted . 98 is official toll . I expect it to climb . - From Boston .

It seems trivial to talk about anything else right now #prayforboston #prayer #boston

Las Vegas Meet GleeNo Meet Boston Dental Group : An innovative group of Las Vegas dentists and staff show us a

While we pray for families affected by the Boston blasts , we shouldnt forget to pray for families affected by bombs everyday arnd the world .

BOSTON -LRB- AP -RRB- -- Boston police commissioner : JFK Library fire does n't appear to be related to race explosions . He

Prayin for boston I know some ppl out there wish I could get in contact with them . . Boston keep ya head up

Radio Reacts Swiftly To Boston Marathon Bombings via #prayforboston

Da way Etv News keep running dat bomb clip in boston thou

What is it about the human race that we must mane and murder for political gain.There is nothing but madness in the world #Boston RIP

Wait whats going on with boston ?? I need to get on Google

You go to watch a movie You get shotYou go to schoolYou get shotYou run a marathon You get bombedI hate this wo

My thoughts are with everyone affected at the Boston Marathon .

WhiteHouseSpeeches : President Obama Speaks on Explosions in Boston : President Obama makes a statement from the

My money 's on a towel head being behind the Boston marathon bombing - jus sayin #accidentalracist #proudtobeinfidel

Hate Trolls are out in force . If you see posts/tweets/etc blaming Pres/Muslims/Right / Left/Libs/Cons / etc. for Boston bom

I hope the people that posts thoughts and prayers with Boston are actually praying .

So far 200 knowm people have been injured at the Boston Marathon

Phone line for Canadians in #Boston requiring assistance -LRB- 1 800 -RRB- 387 3124 or Consulate General 6172475100 #BostonMarathon #Pray4Boston

Praying for Boston and this nation tonight , release healing to those injured .

Just watched a video of a bystander at the Boston marathon , bloody terrifying .

Crying about Boston , I ca n't even

Praying for those affected by today 's sad events in Boston .

NYC : NYPD officers line up in Times Square following the Bomb explosions in Boston -LRB- via

23 injured , 2 dead after Explosion at Boston Marathon - Apr 15 PM ET

Thoughts and prayers to all those in Boston . Stay safe .

why is everyone afraid to call it an act of terror ? domestic or abroad terrorism , either way it 's terrorism . #Boston

So proud of my news team for their hard work today covering the Boston incident

Does n't matter if the attacks are in Syria or Boston . No one should have the right to take one 's life away . No one should play god .

Prayers , hope and strength for all in Boston , Iraq and wherever violence is still seen by some as an answer . It 's not .

Used to live in Boston - so sad to see terrorism come to this great event and city .

Stop blaming Muslims for the Boston bombing !! You have no proof . It was probably some drugged up white guys who thought it 'd be funny . - . -

Massachusetts was my home for awhile and my heart goes out to the people of #Boston today .

Bothered by the explosions in Boston today , inspired by the people running toward the detonation zone to help #Heroes

My heart goes out to all people of Boston . For the two people that have died especially that 8 year old child . My heart goes out .

8 year old boy died in the bombing of Boston in the Boston marathon

No Filipino casualties reported in the Boston Marathon blasts but still checking to make sure all Filipinos in area

Please join us tonight at 10 pm in Dahlgren Chapel as we send thoughts and prayers for those in Boston . All are welcome .

Got ta put in my two cents about the Boston Marathon . . Just ridiculous . No one should have to go through that . . All they wanted to do was run

I 'm so heartbroken right now because of what happened in Boston . this is SICK . everyone please be safe and stay indoors . #PrayForBoston

Please do n't tell me people are just tweeting about Boston in an attempt to get retweets

I have a place to offer - Boston Marathon explosion -LRB- Responses -RRB-

* Pray For Boston * I ca n't believe what has happened today , I am sure you all feel the same . I hope that everyone ,

The only people that are responsible for the Boston Marathon is Al-Quheada or north korea . .

Thoughts and prayers to all those up in the Boston area dealing with this senseless tragedy . God bless .

Our thoughts are with all affected by the tragedy in Boston today . #prayforboston

A race was held in boston for the kids killed in connecticut nd then people set up bombs there ?? What the fuck is wrong wi

Prays and Hope for boston to get their country safer .

More disturbing footage of the Boston Marathon explosion | FreakOutNation

Why are people saying pray for Boston , it was a small bomb that killed 2 people and injured 23 , in the most powerful country in the world

Sad about what happened in boston today #prayforboston

Everybody askin wat happened in Boston , bxtch google Boston see wat comes up #Duhhhh

#Boston blast looks like Fireworks over tons of smart stupid bombs on our brothers in Iraq , yemen and Afghanistan !!

I 'm just sick about these bombings at the Boston Marathon . Thoughts and prayers to all suffering from this horrific e

The Explosions at the Boston Marathon sigh . Humans are complicated , terrible creatures .

I dm 'd yousorry ive been keeping track of what 's happening in Boston where is the love damnit ?

Goto feel for the Boston people . . It 's always the real people that get the shit end of the stick . . including the people of P

fuck my friends from texas i have to go ask her where shes from i think it might be boston

I pray for the people that suffered in boston hope there okay , #BostonMarathonVictims

I believe it 's the Boston explosion

Thinkin about all those injured in the Boston Marathon , yet another tragedy #PrayForBoston

My prairies go out to people in Boston Seem like everyday tragedy happening in the world . Be thankful for life do n't take for granted

Everything , the Boston thing , It makes me sick :-LRB-

It 's one crazy world ! Prayers go out to those in Boston .

Cena fans are thanking God he was n't in Boston That 's swell of you . Fuckin sheep . SMH

oh shit . just heard of the Boston thing . damn , did North Korea cause it ?!

Can we just replace ` Boston ' with ' 2 kisses ' ?

powertotheyankinpussy : Praying for those in Boston today . For those in Iraq where 20 bombs were set off

Boston incident is horrific but how was it allowed to be executed ?

There will be a moment of silence before the #NJDevils vs #Leafs game tonight to honor the victims of the Boston exp

Are people HONESTLY implying those giving messages of support/solidarity for Boston Iraq are trying to make themselves look good ? Tragic .

Prayers of my heart goes out to boston .

. is spreading racist lies about the events in #Boston . #BostonPD has made clear their claims are bogus . ht

Prayers go out to NE GK Matt Reis -- all affected -- as his father-in-law was among those hurt in Boston explosions . Via

Do n't understand why anyone would want to do something like that ! Praying for all those effected my tue bombings in Boston ! #prayforboston

but people be tweeting about boston for more follows though smh .

I wan na kno how the hell that shit happen in boston

If anymore explosions happen , this could turn into something much worse , not just in Boston . stay safe , let 's hope it

My sister in law finished the Boston marathon 10 minutes before the first bomb went off

My condolences . My cousin died in Tower One . It does feel the same , it rips that old heartbreak open anew . #boston

Truth is everyone is tweeting and posting about Boston just for attention but honestly half of yall do n't really care

An 8 year old kid died as a result of the Boston Marathon bombings , this world has officially gone to shit .

calif. im following that boston attack

How to help survivors of Boston Marathon explosions

apaa ? D boston ? * gak percoyo *

Obama will hold Boston bombers accountable the way he did with terrorists at #benghazi ? Right . Got it .

What did you get from bombing people ? Dozens of injured and dead people . . Is that what you wanted ? Well you got it ! #prayforboston

Huge PRAYER 'S sent out for the victims in the explosions in Boston . GOD BLESS .

see a reasonable leader holding the culprit accountable #obama #boston

Dear Boston Masswe the people of the world are with you in this terrible time . We are all torn deeply by this , and have no answers now .

because people just do n't understand how I feel about boston

Boston cell service unavailable after marathon explosion

boston was bombed masa dorg tgh buat marathon and 2 were killed kalau tk silap .

Went for a run with Boston white boy rap . Fucking terrorists .

Obama vows justice for Boston blasts :

#Tbh Im not surprised at all about what happened with Boston , nd that 's really sad

sad day here in boston for all nationality , there saying an eight year old was 1 of the casualties

Positive thoughts to everyone affected by Boston Marathon tragedy .

Pray for boston ? Tf pray for the world . Girls at age 8 are getting raped and killed . Its the world not only boston

My heart and prayers go out to the victims in Boston.Such a shame a sporting event that unites people had to end in a tragedy #prayforboston

Ca n't we just have a peace world . Stop the hate and the killing ! Much love to all in Boston today !

Absolutely awful to hear what happened in the boston marathon feel so sorry for the friends and family #prayforboston

Sad to hear about the Boston Marathon bombing . Why do I feel that the Immigration bill announcement will be delayed now ?

he tweeted and people were sending him hate god he did n't tweet anything about Boston

My goodness , the world we live in today . My prayers are with you Boston . #PrayersForBoston

Hello #sschat We were going to talk taxes tonight , but given today 's Boston explosions ; the consensus is to talk Teaching Current Events .

Thoughts and prayers to all those in Boston and all the runners and spectators who were injured .

live video convo taking place on about #boston #marathon #explosion connect via fbook join chatroom

JTA : The Boston Marathon : What to do when a bomb goes off #jewish

in my broadcasting class we 're reporting on the Boston Marahton #emotional

Love can get us through anything sending all my love to Boston #prayforboston

if I lived near Boston , I would give blood without a question . I 'd rather do whatever I can to save a life than just si

I do n't what has me more upset the Boston Bombing or the death of Philadelphia Collins #definitelyPhil

Boston Bombing A Man Dumping A Body Found On Google Maps . . What Else Does This Day Have In Store ??

We send our thoughts and prayers to the victims and families of those in the events today at the Boston Marathon

#preppers Boston City Marathon Bombing : Boston City Marathon Bombing apn blog

Dear Church , Pastor Jacky and Mike were near the finish line at today 's Boston Marathon . Both are okay . Check

BOSTON - Jamaica Plain - Stony Brook 2 Bed 1 Bath 1,300.00 Available 2013-09-01 . For full listing click here

feel bad for boston praying for every one there

Heard the news about Boston . The pictures are heart breaking , whole family 's torn apart by some extremist . Just sickening #prayforboston

Prayers for all our friends in BOSTON

Woah . Photo of Boston Bombing suspect as he was picked up by BPD :

wishing/saying too bad certain people were n't in boston is so freaking cruel you need to relax and sit the fuck down hun

so , history of 15th April - titanic sunk , Lincoln assassinated , the Hillsborough disaster , and now Boston Bombing . #worstday

Boston on my bucket list , but how will marathons in NY , Chicago , DC , and other large cities handle future security issues ? #BostonMarathon

My heart goes out to the people of Boston . So sorry for this terrible tragedy . May justice be served very quickly . #Boston

You shouldnt just pray for the people in boston , You should pray for all the People that live in citys who deal wit everyda

Prayers go out to everyone in Boston and around the country #OneLove

Marathon Monday is sacred in and around Boston . You spend it with friends and family . It 's more than a

Around what time did the bomb explode up in Boston ? I had a game and did n't hear about it till now

I JUST HEAR ABOUT BOSTON IM SCREAMING #prayfotboston :-LRB-

Kalamazoo father and daughter who ran Boston Marathon reunite after ` worst hour ' of their lives by

harry 's probably feeling so sad and upset right now just because he didnt know what happened in boston and got shit for it my heart cries

I know that Mondays are usually shitty but nobody needed to bomb a marathon that 's way to far #PrayForBoston

still getting questions about Boston explosions from students . Helping them find RELIABLE web resources #LibJobShadowFL

U.S. lawmakers cite terrorism in deadly Boston Marathon explosions : - CC

Save Boston.Save BostonApa maumu pengebom ?

Yep . 2 bombs exploded in Boston this afternoon , 2 deaths -LRB- that I 'm aware of -RRB- and hundreds injured , more bombs detected/diffused .

Thank god One Direction was n't in Boston ! Seriously ? Justjust do n't talk , you lower the IQ of your country .

The bomb attacks that happened at the Boston Marathon today are a terrible tragedy #StopTheViolence #PrayForBoston ht

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families , friends , and victims of today 's tragedy in Boston .

Really glad my dad decided not to run the Boston marathon this year .

I hope you and your family are ok . #boston is in my prayers

I 'll be waking up early tomorrow and running long with #Boston on my mind . #prayforBoston #motherrunner #runchat

To whoever set that bomb Great work a fucking 8 year old lost her lifeEverything in front of herLost becaus

I still cantt get over what happened in boston its just soo awful

I do n't understand why they 're trying to say what happened I 'm Boston was a terrorist attack when they do n't even know for sure . .

Marathon runners in Boston crossed the finish line and then went and donated blood #America #PrayersForBoston

Me and my gorgeous friend Jules ! Hurry up and get home safe #boston

A DAY IN THE CITY OF BOSTON THAT WE AS A CITY USE TO CELEBRATE INDEPENDENCE . FREEDOM.THE PEOPLE WHO DID THI

Prayers go out to those in Boston . #PTL my kuya is safe .

This touches my heart . Report : Boston Marathon runners crossed the finish line and went straight to the hospital to

More than a Dozen Children Among Wounded in Boston bombing #BostonMararthon

This video , shot by show the immediate aftermath of the explosions at the Boston Marathon .

Thoughts and prayers for the victims in the Boston Marathon . Prayer for peace , healing comfort . #prayersforboston

Full statement by President on Boston terror attack :

Its a sad day for Boston R.I.P. to all those gone back to the promise land . The families of the victims are in my pra

@highlight

3 bombs just went off in Boston , 2 Explosions at the finish line of a marathon

@highlight

Boston Marathon : The reports 2 dead , 23 injured , 20-year-old Saudi Arabian national being held suspect

@highlight

The marathon runners running straight through to donate blood at Mass General