The NBA has announced that tomorrow 's game between the Pacers Boston Celtics at TD Garden has been canceled

The explosions in Boston with victims ages 3-62 , latest from Boston 3 dead , 130 injured in Boston Marathon .

Martin Richard , the 8-year-old victim killed in Boston Bombing

At the marathon finish line , two bombs exploded and the third was blown up by the Authorities .

Business heavily damaged following bomb blast in Boston

Authorities Detain Saudi National as Suspect in Boston Bombing

Heard of 8 year old hugging marathon dad then killed in Boston bombing . Mom in hospital still . Dad , our family prayed for yours this morning

thoughts and prayers to the victims of the Boston Marathon . I feel this is done by a few people rather than a large group of ppl .

To use , or ignore , Boston to advance an agenda is reprehensible

The fact that the titanic sinking , the Hillsborough disaster and now the Boston bombings all happened on the 15th of Apr

Public safety agencies take note ! Technology and Tragedy at the Boston Marathon : #lesm #SMEM

What happened in Boston ? I only see pics of hurt people and I wanted to find out what 's wrong , but I needed to go to school . #PrayForBoston

i am a pr person and also blog a little which gives me 0 authority to comment on anything to do with boston , other than ` fuck this is awful '

My heart goes out to boston these people are heartless

Hitting the Jack sack . Goodnight world . Be a little more nice to each other tonight than you were last night . #boston #iraq

#Boston is eery today . But the extra #bostonpolice presence is comforting .

Cool tribute to #Boston . Chicago Tribune sports page pays tribute to Boston :

This pretty much sums up my night last night after the events that took place in Boston .

NOW : Latest developments on Boston investigation streaming LIVE on # 9NewsMornings

Oh my god , the Boston Marathon Bomb Attack . Not 1 but 2 bombs blast in the area .

Beautiful . At least 100 people , each with an American flag and in uniform , marching alongside the FDR in New York City . #Boston

LIVE NOW : Special report as gov and law enforcement update public on #Boston explosions

Yesterday I was reading Jonestown and Waco transcripts when Boston stuff hit . Weird writing day . Need cotton candy bunnies 2day , Twitter .

My heart is with the city of Boston and all of my good friends who live there .

R.I.P. Martin Richard . He 's the 8 year old boy that died in the Boston Marathon

. . game at Fenway of course . Opponent Valverde gave me a ball and Shayne told him we were going to sell it on eBay . Smh . Good times . #boston

#Boston ? s . What materials in bombs ? How difficult to buy ? Bomb instructions on web ? Should folks avoid events #NBA ?

#BREAKING : Boston Bombing Briefing : Mass. . Gov. FBI has taken lead in the investigation , only two devices found .

Boston bombing was blamed on the right FIRST before the terrorist . - The liberal media in America .

How not to tweet during a crisis : lessons from yesterday 's Boston marathon coverage

Thoughts and wishes to those effected by the events in #Boston

why not we just pray for everyone to be safe instead of just praying for Boston bc there are loads of countries experiencing this rn

Touching story . God be with the victims of this horrible tragedy . #boston

Boston news conference : More than 150 injured in two blasts . No unexploded bombs were found

tough day , thoughts and prayers for Boston , victims , and our nation . Even Sandy Hook Elem fams there near the bombing . Sad !

go to one directions main account and read the Boston tweet . x

In support and solidarity , Boston . And for Tammy who would n't care that the shirt is wrinkled . :-RRB- #bostonmarathon

Montclair State 's thoughts are with friends , family and colleagues in Boston .

MA Gov : Only two explosive devices found in Boston . No undetonated bombs were discovered #Bostonmarathon

New Video : Celebrities React to Boston Marathon Bombings

NACA extends thoughts to all affected by yesterday 's tragedy in Boston , gratitude to all 1st responders law enforcement for all you do .

this is n't real the 8 year old that died was a boy who was watching You ca n't even run the boston marathon unless you 're 18

Boston attacks rife with tragedy and cruel irony

#boston #FBI hospitals personally thanked . interfaith prayer center to be organized

the stories i keep hearin about the boston explosions is makin me so sad

Interfaith prayer service in Boston tomorrow , support center open to help people cope #bostonupdate

R/T FOR THE VICTIMS FAMILY AND FRIENDS OF THE BOSTON BOMBINGLETZ SEND EM SOME TWITTER LOVE !!! #MUMITMUZIK way of thinking peace love

. Boston . . the dirty south loves ya

I want to donate blood to the ppl of Boston that needs it

Has something very poignant and uplifting to say about the recent tragedy in Boston .

I Feel Bad For Them People In Boston Tho #PrayForBoston

It 's a beautiful new day in Boston . Let 's she 's some darkness #prayforboston

Members of Congress calling Boston act of terrorism , including lefties . #Obama refuses to call out the obvious .

All of us here at New York Health Works would like to express our sympathies and best wishes to those affected by the tragedy in Boston .

Boston Mayor : No unexploded devices found . Watch live :

#Massachusetts governor Deval Patrick says ` two and only two explosive parcels were found ' after #Boston #marathon bombing , Reuters

MA Gov. Patrick : Interfaith prayer service will take place in Boston tomorrow . Support center is open for victims .

Powerful photo captured by Twitter user : Couple reunited after Boston Marathon bombing

Gov. Patrick : No un-exploded devices were found in Boston yesterday #yan

My thoughts and prayers are with those in Boston who are affected by this horrific tragedy . Stay strong #Boston !

Stock Market Seeks Answers on Boston Blasts

Gov. Patrick : expect extra security and everyone should remain vigilant #boston

Stay strong Boston . Everyone 's thoughts and prayers are going out to all those affected #BOSTONstrong #PrayForBoston

Watch the FBI briefing on the Boston Marathon bombings live :

LIVE VIDEO : FBI Press Conference concerning Boston Marathon bombings

Boston keeping calm , carrying on . Avenue

Lah 3anjad stop retweeting things about Boston and wake up 3a halkon

Streaming live now : Boston Marathon update from Boston govt and law enforcement #chsnews Mayor speaking

AO VIVO : COLETIVA DE IMPRENSA SOBRE AS BOMBAS EM BOSTON .

Boston Marathon Explosion From the Sky

LIVE : Authorities are briefing the public on the investigation into the Boston Marathon bombings :

Governor of Massachusetts Deval Patrick : Two explosive devices found , all other parcels examined , no other explosives found . #Boston

Wearing my 2011 Seaside half shirt in support of #Boston

Praying for the incident who has happen in Boston #PrayForBoston :'-RRB-

Boston explosions : information and misinformation : No arrests have yet been made and no groups have claimed re

Patrick hoping for an interfaith prayer service for the Boston community tomorrow

Boston Marathon bombings were front-page news around the world . Roundup of them here , from UK to Brazil to Germany http

It was not a coincidence that the Boston bombings occurred this week in April . It might be interesting to note

My prayers go out to everyone tht was affected by the Boston Marathon .

Boston officials : Only 2 explosive devices were found yesterday . More than 150 were injured .

Police search for leads after marathon blast rocks Boston - Reuters

everywhere I think.I 've been seeing them on all of the news stations.The man who had the original video was from The Boston Globe

mark wahlberg speak on the Boston blasts -LSB- Video -RSB-

So touching how so many people say pray for boston but there are so many bombings in Africa but nobody says anything

LIVE NOW : NEWS SPECIAL REPORT : Live briefing by FBI and Boston Officials

Update : Over 150 people were injured during the Boston marathon terrorist attack .

MA Governor says 150 + injured in attacks in #Boston yesterday WATCH LIVE

Boston Mayor Menino : Let 's continue to work together and give our neighbors a helping hand .

Anyone I know run the The Boston Marathon ? Dr Jeff Godin ? Joe DiStefano ? Hope you guys are doing alright !

I 'm atheists dont hate god . I hate SOME religious people . Why should Boston get prays when the 31 innocent people

The HEAT extend our heartfelt condolences to those impacted by yesterday 's tragedy in Boston #prayforboston #hbglovesboston

It is disgraceful that within hours of the Boston bombings , with no facts in hand , many in the media were speculating that Americans

501 EXPRESS BUS Brighton Center - Downtown Boston -LSB- -RSB- #CMBostonTransit #MBTA

We 're going to make sure this city pulls together . We got it under control . This is a tragedy , but Boston is

you got sucked in by the fake Boston propaganda tweet . You 're not a journalist , are you ?

Do n't give them an inch . London Marathon to go on Sunday - News | FOX Sports on MSN via

Not only with the Boston PD and Fire department beat the fuck out of them Everybody from the cape all the way 2 Worcester will beat some ass

Boston Mayor , who discharged himself from hospital , says in 20 yrs in job not seen kind of co-operation seen after #bostonmarathon

speaking about #Boston pulling together and resource ctr

Mayor Menino : This is a tragedy , but Boston is a strong city .

Ca n't believe what 's happened in Boston :-LRB- RIP

takes u thru the horror of what happened Boston Marathon-WE MUST go on NOT let them win #PRAY h

Today we 'll resume our regularly scheduled tweets , but our hearts thoughts are still with Boston .

Boston Marathon : Think we all need to wait on the FBI 's report before blaming any group #p2 # 1u #occupy #uniteblue #ctl / Saddam did n't do it

As #Boston mayor asks city to pull together , we 're watching two people walk up with flowers outside Boylston St. barricade . Pic to come .

Finding a copy of the Boston Globe was difficult this morning .

Menino : This was a bad day for Boston but if we pull together , we can get through it #BostonMarathon

I 'm wearing my -LRB- old -RRB- Boston University sweatshirt day . because I had to .

Estou Contigo -LRB- I Am With You -RRB- - Jotta A. : via to vicitms in Boston !

I ask today that you show support for Boston if possible . A lot of runners are wearing race shirts , those that

LOL Ethan just defriended me . Trying to blame me for not getting hired in Boston . Of course its my fault , not his

April 16 , 2013 , 7:30 am - Morning view of the Boston skyline from the roofdeck . Boston : Standing tall , standing strong .

BOSTON BOMBING UPDATE : FBI says no unexploded devices were discovered . News conference live now on

Mayor Menino is the man . He is in a wheel chair and showing strength #BostonStrong PULL TOGETHER ! BOSTON WILL OVERCOME !

I really wish this Boston Bombing was a fucked up dream too #PrayForBoston

A guerrilla art project in NYC offers messages of support for Boston

Is it necessary to denote political affiliation with every politician who gives a press conference regarding Boston ? #inthistogether

Good Morning America ! God Bless those who were injured and died at the Boston Marothon . I saw deadly pictures and videos of that sad time

not yet . traveling until the end of the month then back to boston to move out . Move in date May 8th ! #excited

#PrayForBoston Boston Presser : President has pledged his full support in all efforts to keep city safe , and bring people to justice - Senator

They say pray for Boston when the government did it

and you taking the time out to support Boston is so greatyou are a great person to do that #thankyou #PrayersForBoston

Senator Elizabeth Warren now speaking at Boston bomb blast briefing -

So upsetting , thoughts with the victims and all those affected but the Boston bombing .

3 killed 150 + injured due to yesterday 's unfortunate catastrophe Praying for the community of Boston all communities affected by violence

Its crazy how the first person that was blamed for the boston bombing was a Saudi student on a student visa . . Smh . Discrimination lives .

#Behavioral motivation Tragedy in Boston : Some things are incomprehensible . Believe !

$ GS lwr aftr earns , expect 2 see nother 200m vol day on $ SPY , yest wkness was warranted b4 Boston , mrkts headn lwr , #stockaction . #markets

Be Patient , Be Still , Be Safe , Boston . -LRB- Photo Credit : The Illuminator -RRB-

Muslims and terrorist is different . How the fuck people blaming all muslims bout bombing in boston ?

I do n't care about sports rivalries today I love this ! Chicago Tribune sports page pays tribute to Boston :

The support that We have been receiving from all Our Rival Sports Citys has been so Overwhelmingly Gracious.THANK U ALL . WE LOVE U. BOSTON # 1

Boston Marathon Explosions : Latest Developments - 3 dead , at least 150 injured -

#MGH 's Dr. Ellen Braaten : TV interview on how to talk to your #child about tragedy , following #Boston #bombing

Praying for Boston and thanking god the people i knew who ran in it are safe

No unexploded bombs found at Boston marathon

My prayers and thoughts to the victims and their family members following the senseless evil tragedy in Boston . #bostonmarathon

REPOST : UPDATE : Five additional , undetonated explosive devices reportedly found by police in the Boston area

Check out new app to find housing for those affected by Boston Marathon explosions

Going outside to enjoy a little of that salty air before shipping up to Boston . #CapeCod #Boston #Home

Me : mamy shofty eh el hasal f boston haram awy ! Mamy : what goes around comes around ya habebty . Life is a bitch . * lef werga3 tany *

BC extends its heartfelt thoughts and prayers to the families and friends of those injured or worse in Boston .

Praying for those in Boston ; praying that the TRUE culprit -LRB- s -RRB- get their just dues , that senseless deaths in our country come to an end .

Big respect to President Obama . He called Boston ! Boston did n't have to wait on a call from Washington .

Good morning everybody . I wan na thank God for allowing me to see another day . Also wan na say my prayers are with Families in Boston

Boston - My heart cries for you !!!

It is time again to wear our 2002 Marine Corp Marathon race shirt United We Run . #Boston you are in our prayers

Sen. Warren : President reached out to us . Extend our thanks to everyone who helped those in trouble and helped save lives.Boston will survive

Gov. Patrick , Mayor Menino , Sen. Warren speak at news conference on Boston attacks . Now , the FBI is up .

15 people die in the middle east , in an explosion . But nobody cares because that 's part of the plan . 2 people die in Boston and all go crazy

Seriously ???? Elizabeth Warren takes the ` stage ' at the Boston Presser ?

My blog on Boston . Still we heal , Because that is what we do , Not all at once , Perhaps not now , But in time .

They had to have gotten a bomb threat , They just didnt cancel because shit 's too big to Cancel . Boston needed attention to grow .

BOSTON MARATHON : Special agent in charge - our mission is clear - to bring to justice those responsible

Reports from Missouri runners coming in about Boston Marathon bombings - There were #AnnSievers #BostonMarathon

How the Boston attacks could reshape security at Chicago events .

wow blaming zayn for boston bombing . . how lame can people get ? seriously people him a terrorist ?

Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick says no unexploded bombs were found at the Boston Maratho . He says the only

My thought and prayers go out to the families and friends of the Boston marathon Explosion victims , all the injured as well .

Ran it last year , been a fan 2x . Ca n't imagine yesterday :-LRB- My column on terror at the Boston Marathon ht

#Israel trained medical team responds to Boston Marathon attack Israel gives a helping hand all over the world .

It was nice to see the MA senator -LRB- D -RRB- reach out and kiss the presidents a $ $ before thanking first responders ! #tcot #boston

Watch FBI press conference about their investigation into Boston Marathon bombing on right now . #cbs #bombing #boston

#FOXSA - VIA The Boston Globe : 8 yr old boy killed in the explosions identified as Martin Richard #BostonMarathon

I 'm watching Live : Boston marathon explosions news briefing . Here 's the link : via

#bostonwillsurvive says Boston 's mayor . Remember the heroes and stay positive . Pray for the victims and families of those affected . #boston

#globalnews4u Boston Marathon attack - Patriots ' Day explained : Civic holiday that holds a special place in Bo

As we lift in prayer the people , families friends of those impacted by the Boston explosions yesterday , we also

Great to hear the Boston mayor mass . Governor and the FBI crediting the first responders from yesterday 's events #PrayersForBoston

Whoa Like , wow . / Chicago Tribune sports page pays tribute to Boston :

Sandy Hook was a tragedy . . Boston was a terrorist act .

FBI holding news conference for yesterday 's Boston Marathon bombings .

Saudi Gazette - Saudi nationals among injured in Boston Marathon twin blasts

I got weepy on air talking about that 8 year old little boy from Boston that did n't make it . Some things in life just do n't make sense !

Long live the Spirit of Freedom . The Spirit of the Boston Tea Party LIVES . Let us return to the Lord for He has torn us but he will heal us

So disgusted by the violence touched by the response of everyday people in extraordinary circumstances - 3 and prayers to Boston

FBI saying The volume of tips we is great and we are getting info we need . We are bringing in assistance for victims . #boston

Tragedy in Boston comes days before Vancouver 's largest run . How will this affect the 7 am on BT .

Boston was massively tragic . innocent lives lost . countless changed forever . stories of selflessness n heroism ur hashtag wasnt 1 of them

Dont get me wrong i feel TERRIBLE for Boston -LRB- my cousin ran in the marathon -RRB- but a semicolon is n't gon na do anything .

FBI says they are following a number of leads already #boston

This Boston stuff is crazy . . such evil people in this world . Smh

BOSTON MARATHON : Special agent in charge - will see investigators interviewing people for several days

Copley area may remain a crime scene for several days , Boston FBI chief says

Our thoughts prayers go out to all those impacted by the bombing at #BostonMarathon What is becoming of our world ? #PrayforBoston

Just heard that two people I know from Madison who ran in Boston are OK . Holly Fearing and Caroline Spencer .

So very proud of my cousin Dr. Jorge Alvarez who was one of the first responders in the Boston Marathon bombing !

They had a moment of silence for Boston at my school and the loud ass rican bitches was still talking like that 's the hype ass shit I hate

Jihad in Boston ? - Robert Spencer | #religionofpieces #libtards trying to blame American Patriots

I just wish we lived in a world where this did n't happen in Boston or Iran or anywhere .

Can someone tell me what you get out of posting those pray for Boston pictures ?

Pray for Boston ? Really ? Just because of 4 dead people ? And what about the hundreds that die EVERYDAY in Syria ? Who 's pra

Everything ok chick !! terrible news what happened in Boston :-LRB-

Boston bombing victim Martin Richard , 8 , recalled as ` vivacious ' boy : The young victim of the Boston Marathon

Anyone know if the special ep has been cancelled as a result of what 's happened in Boston ?

I do n't know any of the details behind the bombing in Boston but I 'm just gon na say the government did it . I 'm probably right

Thoughts prayers to EVERYONE in Boston !! And to everyone affected by this senseless shit .

Our hearts go out to the relatives of the dead and injured after the boston marathon explosions . #BostonMarathon

Boston Marathon Briefing LIVE on KMID Big 2 - right now .

Muslims celebrate with sweets , praise to Allah over Boston bombing

Not one honk , yell , or rude gesture on my commute today . Everyone nicely letting others in . Amazing . #boston

Glad to report that got word this morning all family members in Boston are safe , tho two were near the blast , but are okay .

Local runner has close call at Boston Marathon

First responders in Boston did n't ask those who needed help if they were Dem or Rep. Different viewpoints healthy . Derision is not .

I ca n't even look at a Boston marathon post without tearing up .

BOSTON MARATHON : Special agent in charge ATF - rumor of 7 devices - NOT TRUE - only 2 devices at this point

Boston Police Seeking Marathon Bomb Tips On Twitter - AllTwitter - #social

Reddit Compiles News of Explosions in Boston

Our president 's love for our great country and its people overwhelmingly displayed in his wooden , emotionless message to Boston #tcot #tgdn

Oh still not late for this ! #prayforboston stay strong all boston ppls : ' god bless you !

Renee = We continue to keep the #Boston victims their families in our #Hearts #Prayers ! #COURAGE ! :-RRB-

#ATF says their explosive specialists are on the scene in #Boston as part of the investigation , #BostonMarathon

Boston Update : 150 + injured , some gravely . Investigation continues .

Urgent group Meditation to bless Boston tonight

I have updated info from a tweet from yesterday . An assistant professor from #WVU was in the Boston Marathon . She is okay .

I hear someone in the Boston marathon got hit by a blue turtle shell .

ATF : Despite rumors , there were only 2 confirmed explosive devices yesterday #Boston

Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood condemns Boston blasts #newslocker

The morning after , Boston Street Church

God has a purpose on whatever happens to us right now . Boston just keep your faith to God and pray and everything will be alright .

boston bombing is delighted to the begin of world war 3

The tragic face of the Boston Marathon bombings

Im hearing all this stuff about Boston . What hapened there ?!

Rockin nada surf 's ` always love ' to counter act bad juju feelings about the events in boston . Remember : love 's bigger than hate , ppl .

ATF official : Looking for photographic evidence in and around Boston Marathon attack ; contact FBI if you have pictures or video .

Remember to pray for all the pople in boston today

Send us a pic in your race tee for #Boston and we 'll send you one of our DIR Tees !

Unless there is public , irrefutable evidence that Islam extremist are responsible , the Boston attack will be blamed on right-wing factions .

TGS Head of School Alun Cooper reflects on the tragic events that unfolded in Boston yesterday .

Boston Marathon blasts : FBI saysno unexploded bombs found

Prayers go out to the families of the lost and injured from the Boston Marathon explosions .

Can tell which are liberals in live Boston news meeting . They keep congratulating themselves have nothing else to

Join us this SaturdayGood Samaritan 5Kspecial tribute planned for the Boston Marathon victims . #PSJA

My heart goes out to Boston and everyone effected by the bombing

List of Nashville area runners in Boston marathon #bostonmarathon

Boston law enforcement asking for any media - photos , video - that could provide any information on the bombing .

I 'm no BOSTON RED SOX fan . I 'm a DBACK , YANKEE , MET fan . This week I 'm praying for the citizens of Boston and rooting fo

UPDATE : Massachusetts governor says no unexploded bombs were found , only explosives were the ones that went off .

Aftermath of Boston bombing is similar , yet different , to the Israeli experience | Haaretz Daily Newspaper

People do n't understand how much of a sucker punch this is to Boston . Please allow the citizens to mourn especially those who witnessed .

You 've just been running a marathon for 4 hours straight , you 're exhaustedthe first thing you do is donate blood . RESPECT like !! #Boston

The Chicago Tribune 's Sports section 's tribute to Boston : -LRB- Billy goat hexes non-transferrable . -RRB-

Ourt thoughts and prayers go to those affected by the terrible explosions yesterday in Boston #prayforboston

This pray for Boston shit is annoying already -_-

Mass governor and ATF SIC say only two explosive devices were found at the Boston Marathon : the ones that detonated near the finish line .

Today , our thoughts are with all the people affected by yesterday 's violence in Boston .

Wow this is sad , God put your peace on all the people in boston , God bless them in Jesus name amen

ATF : Boston may remain a crime scene for several days . #wcvb #bostonmarathon

Watch live coverage from Boston here : #BostonBombings

FBI : There were rumors that there were 7 devices at one point - not true . We only had 2 devices . #Boston

Show a clip of Boston blast within no time security people and police ran toward the blast site . Indian police shud learn . #BijliPaniRally

They are daying that Zayn started the bombing in Boston .

Obama the Arrogant : We will find out who did this -LRB- Boston -RRB- and hold them accountable | | unless we find out they voted for me !

ATF asking to see videos and pictures of area of bombing . Explosives experts ci non g to Boston .

FBI on Boston Marathon blasts : We are going through photographic and videographic evidence

great show yesterday . Heart felt and genuine . I will be listening to your show more now . #PrayForBoston #Boston

More than likely they delayed it to not take attention away from what happened in Boston yesterday . #prayersforboston

Their gamble on the terrorism act , gun bill 8in favor of emigration mafia , that posibly conect to Boston

Some of the coverage on the Boston bombings actually makes me wan na cry , some sick sick animals in this world #bostonexplsions

The response to the terror in Boston : Channeling for good -LRB- via

I 've worked with some of the people in the Boston F.O. . This is a solid group who will figure this out . #Boston

Luv you guys stay strong , especially Boston . Keep the peace of God in your heart !

Jus Watched The Video From Boston YesterdayAll U Heard Was Sirens Dude Saying Omg

BOSTON MARATHON : Boston Police Commissioner - processing most complex investigation in history

I just realised MIT is in Boston

sympathy and prayer for all the families impacted by the boston attacks . peace and patience for the rest of us .

Ex - #NFL player , NYC native Joe Andruzzi carries woman away from Boston Marathon blast site :

Politics-Newsbusters AP Doubles Down on Boston Bombing T-Word Reluctance : ` The Blasts Raised Fears of a Te

Boston police commissioner : It 's the most complex crime scene his department has ever dealt with . #BostonMarathon

Boston PD Commissioner : most complex crime scene in history of our department

BREAKING NEWS - Boston Marathon Explosions : Three Dead

No I 'm not wearing fucking purple cause that bullshit at boston . Stop asking

Let 's just say this now . No blaming President Obama for Bombing at Boston Marathon ! No blaming the Dems , no blaming Republicans .

LIVE : Boston Police Commissioner says area has been secured , working with partners - #BostonMarathon

Photos from Boston , the day after the tragedy :

Report is that wounded in Boston Marathon bombing is now north of 150 .

Culture angle : MTIf not fm #Boston ca n't know import of Marathon/Patriot Day htt

Does Obama ever call anything terrorism or is he waiting to see if the bombings in Boston happened because of a you-tube

Our thoughts prayers are with those affected by the tragic events in Boston yesterday

Thoughts of Randstad family are with those hurt from the events in #Boston . Join us by putting them in yours today

FBI presser : we are looking into the most intense crime scene Boston has ever seen . right now

Comparing Boston 's bombs , tragic as they were , to September 11 , 2001 is folly and obtuse , but here we go

One thing you can guarantee is our freedom will be the final victim because of this act of cowardice . #pjnet #tcot #tlot #uniteblue #boston

Crime scene reduced from 15 blocks to 12 blocks according to Boston Police

Much respect to the rescue people today in boston #respect

Update on the parliamentary wrangling over motion on the Boston attacks : will move a similar motion

When the Boston Commissioner comes in the room people notice him #EdwardDavis

Real talk #Boston is a sad incident . I am just Glad the Dummy did n't detonate the other 2 bombs #Rip2TheLost prayer

Turned over to the FBI press conference . Whoever that Boston Mayor is Is not very seasoned behind the mic .

Nuclear plants near Boston tighten security after bombs : Two nuclear plants near the Boston , Mass. , area have

tragis banget liat foto foto Bom Boston . #PrayforBoston

#Boston Police Commissioner : Crime scene is about 12-blocks wide at this time . Processing of the scene to take at least two more days .

FBI on Boston Marathon blasts : No more threats at the moment

One moment you are doing what you love and the next absolute terror . My heart goes out to all in Boston . YOU ARE

BREAKING NEWS : Boston police looking for any video from all day yesterday by finish line , investigation will take days

Our hearts , thoughts and prayers go out to the victims , families , first responders , and those affected in Boston #prayforboston

Boston helpers in photos : young , old , male , female , many colors , tall , short , skinny not . There is hope . #Bostonmarathon #hope #tragedy

I still ca n't believe what happened to Boston #prayforboston #hearts go out

Nothing new to report from the news conference in Boston . Politicians , FBI , ATF Justice Department have all spoken .

I feel vulnerable everytime I think about what happened in Boston :'-LRB- #prayforBoston

In wake of Boston Marathon bombs , London Marathon reviews - Christian Science Monitor

Our hearts go out to all of those affected by the bombings in Boston yesterday . An awful tragedy in a wonderful city .

Explosion Expert Breaks Down the Boston Bombings via

Today we regroup give honor and respect to the people of Boston.God bless the lost loveones and injured family.Our pra

Boston Marathon Crooks aka LOOTERS : Boston Marathon Crooks aka LOOTERS People stealing marath More

Prayers for those in Boston for the tragedy and on this day especially I am proud to be a Hokie mom .

Special live report from Boston on NOW on #Boston #Marathon

Boston Grieves for Martin Richard , 8-Year-Old Killed , and His ` Beloved ' Family : Martin 's sister Jane and his m

I just started bawling at the morning radio . A preacher who happened to be in Boston yester . gave a powerful message . Emotions are hard yo

thank you Kara and Jessie for sharing . Our running community is amazing . We saw this in NYC and now in Boston .

Not . Helpful . MT Passenger heard 2 men speaking Arabic on flight from Boston this am . Plane returned to gate , swept cleared .

In response to the bombing in Boston , many chapters across the nation are organizing American Red Cross Blood

People are saying that Boston will overcome . Well yeah like we got other choices . Thanks for stating the obvious smh

Streets line with cameras from variety of news station at darmouth street . #boston

Boston Police Commissioner says is the most complex investigation in city 's history . Complete WSJ coverage :

May god bless everyone who died and injured in Boston #prayforboston

Phillies OF Ben Revere wrote ` Pray for Boston ' on his glove , then made one of the best catches you 'll see this year . http

I 'm thinking of not only the victims of the Boston bombings or the VT massacre today ,

I do n't own any purple :-LRB- sorry Boston

I have nothing Boston , I 'm not from here , but if I did , I would wear something . But I 'm wearing Vineyard Vines , and that 's Mass. #prayers

so my lil brother walks in and screams ` only three people died in this Boston thing ? What a fail . ' #dead

All KatyCats , let us pray for all that injured on Boston Marathon #PrayForBoston

In Boston , instinctive running took over : As blasts went off , some marathon runners kept going -- while first

Marky is a sinner making fun for the amputees in Boston .

We will overcome this tragedy and come out stronger than ever . #boston

Change Fees Waived by Airlines for Those Flying Into or Out of Boston #travel

go here to show your support and to get information on the boston explosions !

More Perspectives on the Emergency/Emergence of the Boston Marathon Explosions : I wrote my first post on the B

To see strangers acting and helping each other this is what society should look at in regards to the terrible events in Boston .

No Unexploded Bombs Found After Boston Attack , BPD , FBI And ATF Confirm At Press Conference - #boston #BPD #live

Craig Ferguson Emotional Monologue on Boston Marathon Bombings -LRB- VIDEO -RRB-

C'mon now MT Passenger heard 2 men speaking Arabic on flight from Boston this am . Plane returned , swept , cleared . Men rebooked

Still remembering today . Thoughts and prayers for Boston

You 're in our thoughts and hearts , Boston . #love #Boston #Hipstamatic #Jane #Inas1969

-LRB- World -RRB- Police search for leads after marathon blast rocks #Boston

lots of encouragement to bring forward pictures and vidoes from Boston .

every human being on earth stands for the people of boston.hope the culprits brought to book soon , justice shall prevail.america z 2 strong .

More photos emerge from Boston this morning .

They said they was doing a DRILL an heightened the security at the Boston Marathon !!! Every time they say this something always go wrong .

US Forest Service PR rep blames Boston bombing on Tea Party . She is plain stupid !

My thoughts and prayers go out to the people who were killed , and injured in Boston yesterday . The 8 year old boy who died breaks my heart !

Thanks to everyone that sent pics of last night like this one from #Boston

Media show at Boston Commons , outside the perimeter of the blocked off streets .

Seattle Times sportswriter Bud Withers joins us in 10 minutes . He was in Boston yesterday supporting his son 's effort in Marathon .

I condemn the #bombings at #Boston . . It 's such a tragedy ! Will always hope for #World_Peace :-LRB- #Amman #Jo

breaks down the upcoming #SEC television network after the announcement was delayed by Boston tragedy

Boston - Gorgeous Luxury Homes ! AMETHYST REALTY -LRB- Topsfield -RRB- $ 805000 2bd 4000sqft

#Boston youre my home MT I ca n't wait to put on my jersey today . I get to play for the strongest city out there #BostonStrong

Thoughts and prayers are with Boston and Tech today - #neverforget #prayingforBoston

Dedicated to the Victims of yhe Boston bombing :

As we pray for Boston 2day ALWAYS watch the other hand , never let a crisis go to waste , they will use us everyday #vigalance

after 9 weeks of detox making it home safely from the Boston Marathon , this is my celebration beer .

It 's said overover , send in your images/footage to #boston PD . Response to these events will never be the same in this digital citizen age .

remembering Avni boutique of our best finds Boston Beacon Hill for friendly luxury via

Pray for Boston . People r so messed up Now a days . Its sad .

Know anyone for this job ? Regional Sales - Electrical Power / Substation / Protection Controls in Boston , MA

Prayer : A Great Privilege Pray 4 yourself those in need of God 's help guidance . Special prayers to Boston victims

Here at A Goodnight Sleeptore have the people and family of the Boston bombing in our prayers .

That asshole who bombed Boston . The 8 year old boy that died and the bride-to-be woman , you

Tonight , runners unite for #Boston . Run a mile at your high school to support the marathon bombing victims .

Bombings in Boston , a local girl gone missing , terrible earthquake in Iran Humanity needs our love and prayers right now . #PrayForIran

My heart goes out to those affected by the tragedy that occurred in Boston yesterday afternoon .

Terror in Boston Suggests Crisis of Leadership : Officials from Boston to Washington seemed overwhelmed by the

Isabella That 's mean as fuck , why are you being so negative about the Boston Marathon . ? He was just showing respect .

Diet Weight Loss - How to Cope with the Boston Marathon Attacks : Two bombs exploded near the Boston Marathon

Gov. Patrick : No unexploded bombs at Boston Marathon #capecod

MT That 's now 3 diff officials asking public for video , pics , info to help them find out who perpetrated #Boston attack

Mass. . State Police Col. Alben : The public should bring forward any information you think will be of value . #Boston

Evening liam from philippines and just pray for boston

Palestinians Dancing In The Streets Of Gaza After Boston Terror Attack , Hamas And Islamic Jihad via

RT The FBI says ` No known additional threats ' in Boston

Police search for leads after marathon blast rocks Boston BOSTON -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - A Boston-area apartment was one focus of

Masschusetts governor says no unexploded bombs were found at the Boston Marathon site and only two bombs went off .

Connect with RED CROSS/BOSTON info here :

#sougofollow Australia PM condemns Boston attack : April 16 - Australia 's Prime Minister Julia Gill #openfollow

Hoping my Boston Brothers are doing alright this morning ! Thinking of !!! X Love

very sad situation in Boston . The bible tells us in the last days perilous times would come . Praying for the families

Saddened and sickened by the images from the Boston marathon . What a sick and scary world we live in

Prayers to the victims of terrorism around the world , from #Boston to #Syria #Iraq #Pakistan #Palestine . Terrorism ha

I really feel bad for those people in Boston : /

please play elbows cover of running to stand still for all the people in Boston today

Our thoughts and prayers continue to be with everyone affected by the tragedy in our beautiful neighboring city of Boston yesterday .

Why must it take a terrorist attack for security to be beefed up ? #Boston

Boston is such a fine place I 've been to Boston once but I 'm not going back now

Morning world #Boston . To my new followers hello

Im grindin it out but my tv iz on the #news and my heart iz with #Boston #prayforthem

they are . The Boston Marathon was bombed yesterday everyone automatically thought Muslims did it . So sad

Be safe in #Boston , Give my love to all those Red Sox fans

How did your kids handle the news of the tragedy in Boston ?

Our sincere condolences go out to everyone affected by the horrible events in Boston yesterday . You are in our thoughts . #bostonmarathon

I do n't think I can handle missin just for this continuous #Boston coverage #overkill #GimmeWendy !

Amazing gesture from Chicago Tribune sports page for Boston tragedy :

After the events in Boston we could all use a pick me up ! Here 's my chat with the inspirational Owen Groesser ! #Dream

FBI : no additional threats are known , in the wake of the #Boston bombings . Crime scene is down to 12 blocks from 15 , but it could be days .

Can we make Saturday 's runs solidarity runs to show support for the Boston Marathon athletes ? #RunforBoston

Boston District Attorney : Make no mistake , an act of cowardice of this severity , can not be explained , justified

#PrayForBostonEd SheeranThoughts go out to Boston xxI pensieri vanno a Boston .

#boston - prayers go out to the victims of this heinous act . Part of me would like public executions for the bombers

Boston Marathon Bombing : Patton Oswalt and Comedians Offer Poignant Hope Along with the popular stand up/actor 's

Has anyone considered the Boston bombing might have been conducted by OWS freaks ?

You know , when they find the nut -LRB- s -RRB- who set the bombs in Boston , I think I 'd like them to tell us they were found ,

Do not be overcome by evil but overcome evil with good . Praying for the victims of yesterday 's Boston Marathon bombing .

Foul account making fun of Boston tragedy is gone - nice one

I hope everyone is okay in Iran and Boston . Bad day today . #prayforiran #prayforboston

Praying for Boston ! Stay safe everyone .

UPDATE : Mass. . Gov. Deval Patrick says no unexploded bombs were found at the Boston Marathon : via

A pretty moving cartoon by Cleveland 's Pulitzer finalist about yesterday 's Boston marathon :

BreakAway 's thoughts and prayers go out to the victims of the tragedy at the Boston Marathon .

Video : General info on patient injuries from Boston explosions ,

Baseless Rumor Tuesday : Justin Bieber set the bombs in Boston so Twitter would stop talking about his Anne Frank comments .

Thoughts are with the people of #Boston , it was a scary day . Hope the FBI catch the assassin ! #prayforboston

haters are saying that Zayn did everything what happened in boston !

Boston Marathon attack - Patriots ' Day explained : Civic holiday that holds a special place in Bostonian hearts

Boston marathon blasts : Tata Consultancy Services participants safe : Software services firm Tata Consultancy S

BPD Commish Ed Davis : Most complex crime scene in the history of the Boston Police Dept. #BostonMarathon

BOSTON MARATHON : ATF - can not comment on nature of device , or who might or might not be in custody right now

The good will always outweigh the bad . Boston is not afraid .

So we 're are going to make what happened in Boston a rivalry for hockey ? Not my style .

#TTTBoston : sending love to all of you in Boston !

Whoever did this to Boston , did it to make us weaker , to give in . But little do they know , it only made us stronger . #BostonStrong

Let the sun shine down on you today . #boston #family #love #prayforboston #bostonmarathon

Boston Marathon bombings : Suspects , motive sought Boston Marathon bombings : Suspects , motive sought #news

dont get why Boston bombing is being treated as ` possible terrorist attack ' someone blew the fuckin road up what else would it be #pcgonemad

Blog : Tribe Versus : Boston Red Sox 4/16 -4 / 18 #Indians

Westboro Baptist Church Threatens To Picket Funerals Of Those Killed In Boston Marathon Explosions via

My heart goes out to Boston everyone who was affected esp the 8 yr old little girl . But then again I will spare more time to #pray4ghana .

Our thoughts are with Boston . Our sincerest thank you to all who continue to assist the city .

it makes me really sad that I 've only seen like , 2 tweets from my peers about the bombs at the Boston Marathon . terrorism is uh , a big deal .

Flint 's Crim Festival of Races to review security after Boston Marathon bombing - Detroit Free Press

law enforcement asks everyone who took marathon/aftermath pics/video on phones/cameras to review what they have for possible leads #boston

People should realize that Muslims are n't responsible for the Boston attacks !! Pray for Boston : / #prayforboston #MuslimsArentTerrorists

This whole Boston thing just hit home . I know someone who 's had family members that were affected .

A lot of people on Twitter took the time to reflect talk about the Boston Marathon . Here are some Celeb Tweets :

Cellphone use heavy , but still operating in Boston : Cellphone companies say service is #Albany #NY #News

WOW ! A woman just came through my line and told me that she thinks the Boston Marathon bombing yesterday was a hoax .

My thoughts are with everyone who lives in Boston . #PrayForBoston

we want runners to place their hands over their hearts as they finish the marathon in tribute to Bo

Suspects sought in Boston Marathon bombing ; 3 dead - KCTV Kansas City = --

Mass. gov : No unexploded bombs at Boston Marathon : Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick says no #Albany #NY #News

I think it would do a lot more good to say an actual prayer for Boston and the victims than posting pictures on Instagram about it .

Thoughts n Prayers to Boston and deep appreciation to the hero FD , PD , EMS who ran into the hell zone aftermath #bostonmarathon

Coworker is making the tragedy in Boston about her . I struggle to contain my rage .

Our hearts and prayers go out to all who were affected by the bombing in Boston .

Da Boston explosions is a complete conspiracy they injured runners they ca n't run now the White House will use that story to take our rights

Oh , Boston I know you will persevere . #running #perseverance #saddness #hope

Women Athletics - President Diack condemns vile and incomprehensible attack in Boston / 16352 via

Guys please all RT #handsoverhearts for those running in the London marathon to pay our respects to those of Boston

Words can not adequately relay the depth of sorrow we feel for the events that unfolded yesterday in Boston . Our thoughts go out to everyone .

My prayers go out to the people from the Boston Marathon #PrayforBoston

Thoughts and prayers for the families of the injured yesterday in Boston . #prayforboston

Join me in training for the 2014 Boston Marathon to help keep this powerful tradition alive . #StayStrongBoston

This is why I do n't take part in grief olympics Boston Marathon Bombs Prompt Twitter Ghouls

We 're not sure yet what exactly happened in Boston but it is always good to understand your insurance coverages . . thoughts and prayers

I do n't think this is a #falseflag . Does n't seem dramatic enough . Wrong target for that . I think this was the work of one person . #Boston

Downtown blocking off the finish line street . Guarded . #Boston #BostonMarathon #bostonmarathontragedy

The new NBC News app for Windows Phone 8 is really great . They are all over the Boston tragedy with great coverage tons of video .

So sad to think what happened in Boston yesterday ! It is my favorite city in the country and always will be ! #PrayforBoston

Wonderful , now my fam is shook to visit Boston in 2 weeks .

still ca n't believe what happened in boston what is the world coming too .

Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of yesterday 's tragedy in Boston . #PrayForBoston

Outstanding piece by capturing all emotions from yesterday 's triumph tragedy in #Boston . Well done .

More than 150 people were injured in Boston bombing , they being hospitalized , pray for their health . #bostonmarathon #explosion

if that 's the case how did the Yankees and Red Sox have a rivalry when Boston was n't winning a damn thing

Reuters : FBI OFFICIAL DECLINES TO COMMENT ON WHETHER ANYONE IS IN CUSTODY IN CONNECTION WITH BOSTON MARATHON BOMBING

While watching this morning 's #Boston press conference it again became evident to not believe everything on the #Internet . #BONJOUR ! #Only2 .

#Boston , your #NJ sisters from are here for you always and sending some #JerseyLove . #NJDMoms are #prayingforBoston

Sending our heartfelt thoughts to the City of Boston . We are hoping for the best for everyone affected .

In Boston , near scene of the bombings . Eerie scene . Blue police lights and billowing yellow crime scene tape . Silent a

Pray for Boston ! Design done by Keomarney Phan , a talented designer that I had the joy of meeting while studying

All thoughts and condolences with the people of Boston , the runners who traveled their from other cities and nations and their families

I do n't have a Boston race shirt to wear today but am considering no shirt . I love my home office . ;-RRB- #TriShirtInsteadIGuess

Praying for Boston and for this country . God , bless America . Land that we love

Prayers going out to those in Boston and also for that sweet little baby girl that was in the car involved in the accident I just saw

Eight-year-old boy killed in Boston Marathon bombings while waiting for father to finish race

- That 's exactly what I thought after seeing news on Boston then imm . after : Syria . Does anyone else in US feel it ?

First-hand account for Froggyland of the events in Boston from Crawford County Court of Common Pleas Judge John

The Boston Marathon is an event about triumph and victory . It has the power to allow everyone involved to make a

Boston DA says this was probably the most well-photographed area in the country yesterday . #BostonMarathon

I know , this horrible Boston tragedy they complain abt Walker

Was watching some news report lastnight a witness spoke on the Boston marathon explosion he said the police just told him to run ????

Boston Explosions : For American-Muslims too young to remember 9/11 the fear of collective guilt stalks again

JFK , RFK , MLK , Watergate , Oklahoma , 9/11 , Sandy Hook Boston . When are Americans going to wake up to what is happening to them by who ?

Pray for Boston get the killers and punish them with Drones and Seal Team Six

Patton Oswalt Responds To The Boston Marathon Explosions Better Than We Ever Could

Video : Runner Reports Bomb Sniffing Dogs , Spotters On Roofs Heightened Security At Boston Marathon Before Bombing !

Wear that Boston Bragger and wear it proud , Char .

dats for bombing boston Iran Struck By Magnitude 7.8 Earthquake

we are on 2013 dear racial but your mind still living in the cretaceous thinking is the best thing befor saying #boston

#Boston is on my heart like the rain on my rooftop today : Heavy and gray . Help someone today have a better day . Prove this violence wrong .

Praying for those victimised by Boston Marathon Bomb 2013 . . #prayforamerica

Chinese reaction to Apr 15 Boston Marathon bombings mixed . Primarily sympathy along with wide spectrum of political undercurrents .

FBI : Photos taken right around the time of the blast are the most critical . #Boston

I am going to wear my Boston race shirt on my run today in honor of all those affected by yesterday 's tragedy . #BostonMarahton

I 'll talk with today about quick reactions by 1st responders in Boston/why they do it . Great perspectives tonight on

LaughingSquid : Light Projections in Brooklyn In Support of Boston After Bombings : photo via The IlluminatorF

While we may think that people from Boston speak in a foreign language , today we speak out as one America - for

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the city and people of Boston today .

So sorry to hear about the tragedy in Boston . Peace .

My heart goes out to those harmed in the senseless act of the Boston marathon bombings . Innocent people hurt and

Our thoughts prayers are with those affected by yesterday 's tragic events at the Boston Marathon .

So much sad news . Boston . And reports a PSU student took their life last night . All of this so utterly heartbreaking .

Relieved to know that my family and other loved ones in Boston -LRB- area -RRB- are safe . Unsettled to know that it was an

Largo Medical Center staff would like to extend our most heartfelt and sincere thoughts for the victims of yesterday 's Boston tragedy

help the help boston . You can donate or give blood .

incredible coverage MT Today I 'm even prouder to be a reporter at The Boston Globe , giving much context to hard-to-understand day

Big Bend Brewing Company sends love to the people of Boston . Our hearts are heavy with your own .

Boston Police Commissioner : Send photos from area of the blast ; indicate what time they were taken . Full coverage :

Thinking of my Hokies today and of the wonderful city of Boston .

From Blacksburg to Boston , we will celebrate the lives of the 32 victims at #VirginiaTech all in Boston #prayforBoston #neVerforgeT #USA

Boston authorities ask witnesses to forward any photos taken at time of the blast #BostonBombing

, dnt mind them , well while they keep praying for Boston , as it gets well there it will get well here too !

Good morning , sorry to hear about the Boston bombing . Why ?!?! Senseless idiots

Dorchester neighbors mourn Martin Richard , 8-year-old boy killed in Boston Marathon bombings via / / RIP

QA : #Boston authorities will not confirm a person of interest was injured in bombing and is hospitalized under pol

#Boston PD says there we 're two EOD sweeps prior to the race , and nothing was found . Last sweep was one hour prior .

Thankful that an old co-worker finished the Boston Marathon 10 minutes before the first bomb went off .

Read our Fenway-Kenmore Patch site for up-to-date information on the Boston Marathon bombings :

Video : Boston bomb : How it will change future marathons #FollowBack

#bostonmarathon #explosion our president dnt play ! Boston stand up this country has your back . Whoever did this is a fuckin coward !

Boston is yoloing way too hard , calm down

Our hearts go out to #Boston this morning !

UPS April 16 Service Alert Update for #Boston Area .

Boston Police Commissioner : 176 victims total . 17 are critical . 3 dead .

Boston Marathon Bombing Makes Sporting Events Rethink Security |

All the prayers and thoughts go to the victims of Boston . #PrayForBoston

Our hearts go out to all of those affected by the tragic events yesterday in Boston

All my thoughts go to the people in Boston ! I will never understand how people can hurt others because of different beliefs etc. !

All the Boston Marathon madness is really bumming me out today .

The photos from the Boston bombing are so gruesome .

People go to the movies , get shot . People go to school , get shot . People run a marathon , get bombed . This world is mes

8-year-old Boston victim Martin Richard was slain while waiting to hug his father

Ca n't be reading about the Boston marathon anymore tonight . Makes me so sad . #prayforboston

Penguins play in Boston on 19th . Any chance of game being delayed ?

Officials say 176 people went to area hospitals , 17 in critical condition #Boston

Video : Brothers each lose leg watching Boston Marathon

My heartfelt prayers go out to the city of Boston and our brothers and sisters there . Peace be with you .

Cindy Jacobs Offers Prayer Points After Boston Marathon Bombing via

As we pray 4 Boston , Lts olso pray 4 d ppl of IRAN n d fmilies of 40ppl killd in Erthquake ova dere . #GODIZLORDOVAOLL . #BOSTON , #IRAN , #PAKISTAN .

We are praying for #boston today and will be putting in mileage today again in honor of those who ca n't run . We

you thinking about doing a Boston edition for Armoire ? all proceeds go to ppl affected ?

So Boston PD had done EOD sweeps prior to bombingFound nothing . Whoever is responsible either got lucky or had insider information .

Espn need to leave this Boston stuff to CNN . We understand you care but you are sports center

NYPD , Baltimore PD , LAPD and Chicago PD are helping Boston PD

Eartquake in Iran and the bomb in Boston , i was very sad to hear the news . .

My thoughts and prayers go out to everybody in Boston affected by this horrific incident #itsamessedupworld #staystrong #america

29 Reasons To Love Boston They saved the best for last .

I wicked love my city of Boston .

FBI 's DesLauriers : ` We will go to ends of the earth to find those responsible for this despicable crime . '' #Boston

Boing Boing - Get information on loved ones in Boston with Google 's emergency Person Finder

Our hearts go out to the runners , supporters responders in Boston who were there to celebrate such an amazing a

Sixteen Israelis Ran in Bombed-Boston Marathon

Boston PD chief just said no one is in custody #BostonMararthon

Our thoughts are with the people of Boston , and their loved ones . #BostonMarathon #PrayForBoston

Such a simple statement as we move forward after yesterday 's tragedy in Boston . Focus on the good around you !!!

First thing I see in the morning is the 8 year old girl who died at the Boston Marathon .

Our hearts go out to everyone affected by the horrific bombings in Boston .

Witnesses to Boston bombings talk to WFTV ; Security tightened at local foot races

Prayers to Boston.Prayers to casualties caused by the United States military overseas .

Keep your eyes open for stories of small acts of kindness emerging in Boston . Fill your head with hope #prayforboston

Terrorism strikes Boston Marathon as bombs kills 3 | Shock Mansion

For Team Newtown Strong , Boston Bombing Is a Tragedy Within a Tragedy -

Boston police chief Davis : area was security swept twice before runners arrived #BostonBombing

Good morning , everyone ! How are you ? I 'm sending positive thoughts and prayers to Boston . Join me ? ~ erin

Boston PD says they have no one in custody at this time . FBI says this investigation will be far reaching .

Latest details from #Boston Police Commissioner #Davis : 176 injuries , 17 critical , 3 casualties . #BostonMarathon #PrayForBoston

` Dancing With the Stars ' pro Maks describes difficulty performing hours after Boston tragedy : A lot of #TV #news

29 Reasons To Love #Boston . NICE . A new day

Thank you , You 're a #Boston boy who always knows what to say and keep us smiling .

Good morning peeps Let 's still be prayerful for our Boston family ! God is still a healer

Sick of it half of you dont give a shit about Boston ya just want iG likes . The other half does n't realize this

Common thread in law enforcement statements in Boston : contd . vigilance needed . Share relevant personal videos and pic

Maybe this will be of help to some of you : How To Talk With Children About Boston Marathon Bombs | va

I 'm surprised we did n't have a huge discussion about Boston in apush today .

BOSTON MARATHON : FBI - Will be worldwide investigation - will go to ends of the earth to find those responsible for despica

Boston has the love support of the world today . Such sadness in my state #Purrayers4Boston

The amount of wrong information being talked about the Boston Explosions in this class is beyond frustrating .

Still a bit in shock about Boston . Prayers and thoughts go out to such a resilient city

We made a lot of friends when we filmed Boston and fell in love with the city . Our prayers go out to all those affected by the bombing

Given the community outpour , -LRB- more -RRB- evidence that good people overwhelm bad and they persevere . #Boston RT

Proud to love #Boston 29 Reasons To Love Boston via

Dear Boston : Sending you #morecowbell from Wisconsin for additional strength and resolve !

Boston Combs Mile-Square Crime Scene After Deadly Blasts - - #us

Philippine Embassy in touch with the FBI in connection with Boston tragedy .

I am so deeply saddened by the tragedy that took place in Boston . My heart goes out to the victims and their families . .

Police say only two bombs in #Boston . No others . 30 forensic specialists at site , deconstructing debris in search for bomber .

literally so many people are tweeting zayn blaming him for the bombing in Boston because he 's muslim

RT News -LRB- blog -RRB- Law Enforcement Searches Boston ApartmentABC News -LRB- blog -RRB- residents told ABC News . Marcus Worthington , a law stu

Bomb in Arizona King O does nothing . Few days later mass populous at #boston and few died many injured . #NotPrepared

GM everyone I wan na send my love to the victims of the bombing in Boston all my followers in or from Boston stay strong The Don Gotcha

I Found a wired guy on the roof of Boston marathon explosion

Our thoughts and prayers are with the families and friends of those affected by the tragedy in Boston . #prayforboston

I find it sad that the acts of kindness shown after the Boston Marathon explosion are seen as unbelievable 1/2

Have a wonderful day to all my followers , even though our people from Boston have broken hearts . My prayers and and my heart are with you .

I hate the fact that there are people who feel like it 's OK to joke about the explosions in Boston not even a full day after it happened .

Let us continue to keep Boston in our prayers , as well as all of those who were affected by the Virginia Tech shooti

An 8 year olds life taken , his mum with brain damage sister with 1 less limb , from boston bombing . Heartbreaking and wrong . #PRAYFORBOSTON

Wearing my #warriordash shirt 4 the runners victims at the #BostonMarathon ! #boston # 4boston

News : PHOTO : Graphic , devastating Boston Globe front page :

Dedicating my practice to Boston today #breathedeep

Boston eating her first gram cracker this morning . She is a big fan :-RRB-

Our thoughts and prayers are with all that have been affected by the Boston tragedy yesterday .

Tickets on sale today for Philly , Boston , LA , Anaheim . Get yours here : / I hate u !

I have a Boston shirt that beats all of the Boston shirts today . I have been waiting years to wear this . Finally !!!

My heart goes out to all those affected by boston bombings lots of love to you all from london

Yesterday eight of our Sigma Chi Brothers volunteered at the Boston Marathon finish line to help out as security .

#Boston police commissioner says 176 casualties are being treated at area hospitals .17 people are critically injured .

I felt so sorry for the tragedy that bashed #Boston . My prayer for Boston .

Kindness Rules MT Honor Boston today DO Random Acts of Kindness-Show world love WILL ALWAYS conquer hatred #cjsm

Events hit close to home . My aunt crossed 15 mins before the explosion . We have been race spectators so often #boston #thoughtsandprayers

respond the Boston way . Throat punch .

Boston Police Commissioner : 176 Injured In Bombings , 17 Critical via

I spent my whole trip to fro work watching reading relevant news regarding Boston . #prayforboston

Mistook Boston for Bolton and shat myself thinking it was 2miles away from me #idiot

Please Lord . Give comfort to all those injured , and all those who have lost loved ones , in Boston . Thank you , Lord .

Boston tragedy left so much pain all around . Hope intelligence of a soul and strength of the heart will find a right way forward !

Very informative , easy-to-follow guide to the bombings at the Boston Marathon .

Join us for a run of silence at 7 pm in honor of the Boston Marathon victims . #BostonMarathon #Brickell #Miami #run h

Really feel and pity on what had happened to boston .

Our hearts and prayers are with Boston , God Bless !

Thank God For These Great Blessing Prays Go Out To Them People In Boston

I bet Boston will blame us for the incident , Arabs .

Our thoughts prayers are with the city of Boston , the victims who were affected their family friends .

such a bad day for the world blast at boston and eathquake at north india . pray for all people affected god give them strength . . :-RRB-

Get information on loved ones in Boston with Google 's emergency Person Finder -LSB- Boing Boing -RSB-

Thoughts From a Fellow Traveler : The Boston Marathon and The Long Journey Ahead : by

Ashton Kutcher Shows Love for Boston in London

Megan Flood is from #Boston . Reached mile 24 . Says her fellow Bostonians are amazing in time of need .

A tragedy at the Boston Marathon will lead to questions in your classroom . This blog post will help

Boston Globe photographer John Tlumacki gives his account of what it was like to be at the finish line of the

The Big Picture : Terror at the Boston Marathon So sad .

Devastating . #Boston #Murder MT Martin Richard , 8 year old boy killed in Marathon explosion

yelyahwilliams 's photo A part of Patton Oswalt 's open letter on the tragedy in Boston . #lovewins

Nurses jump into action after blast : Of all the Boston Marathons he 's worked , and he 's done a half-dozen of th

MTThe amazing back story of Carlos Arredondo , the cowboy-hat-wearing hero of Boston :

If you 'd ever been in my home on 4th of July when the ice box cake runs out , you 'd know not to piss off a group of 10 or more boston-natives

Running 3 miles for #boston today . What are you doing to honor those affected ?

Our hearts go to the families of those killed and maimed in yesterday 's tragedy in Boston .

after WTC 9/11 , American , are u just bombed urself again and try to blame others ? #boston

I pray for the Americans in Boston . But I wish the media cared as much about the 4 dead in Benghazi .

TALK : Talking Tragic Events w / Kids , Resources Thoughts in light of Boston #boston #tragedy #kidsandtragedy #grief

Oh I know and I complain more then I should only to realize/remember that when things like bombs in boston happen that

great column in the today : A perfect Marathon day , then the unimaginable #prayforBoston

With everything going on in boston and with my family i still have a smile on my face and prayers in my heart , and the dr

#Travco Commissioners observe a moment of silence for the victims of the Boston Marathon bombings .

Keeping #boston AND #hokies in my thoughts today . Hard to believe it was 6 years ago . I remember exactly where I was when I

What happened in Boston is tragic but ca n't we pray for the WORLD ? Why must we confine our sympathies for human suffering in one area ?

Out of respect to those in Boston , the CHC is cancelling its press conference on the Tom Perez nomination hearing .

#prayers to Boston from Blacksburg neVer forgeT 4/16/07 and now 4/15/13

Bolton Boston Marathon registrant in shock after hearing news .

I am very sorry for those who lost their loving ones in Boston .

How To Get In Touch With a Loved One During a Disaster #boston #communication #disaster #safety #tips #wired

Keith Aucoin 's mother is nurse at Boston hospital . Ex - #Caps / #HBH forward tells his story from yesterday :

hey people of Earth , tweet about your deepest sympathies for Boston then instantly auto-tweet for people to read your blog . That 's sincere !

Well said Rafa ! All my Support to all affected in the #Boston attack . A tragedy that should not occur again

Patton Oswalt 's Facebook response to Boston Marathon bombing goes viral - New York Daily News : New York Da

Whether domestic or foreign , events like the Boston Marathon Bombing hypnotize the mind but hollow the heart . The

Sick to my stomach at the senseless killing in Boston . My heart goes out to the families who lost loved ones or who were injured .

Thanks again to for the great photo of Boston-Manchester tower ! See it at :

Gold , Silver and Oil down followed a few hours later by Boston bombs - compare to ? And today someone made megabucks again !

If the 8 year old killed in #Boston yesterday was a boy , who is the little girl in the picture floating around social m

Boston3 are dead170 + wounded17 in critical condition #Boston

It 's actually disgusting the amount of jokes about the Boston bombings , how is it even slightly funny ?

To all those involved in or affected by the attacks at the Boston Marathon yesterday , you 're in our prayers . Those responsible will pay

The explosion in Boston just makes me so angry . How could anyone do that ?

UPDATE : No Unexploded Bombs Found in Boston

Boston Marathon explosions : Britons at race tell of ` state of chaos ' on finish line - Yahoo! News UK via

Looking for people FROM #Boston to be in my video tribute . More info here :

-LSB- SPORTS NOTES -RSB- America grieves with Boston after marathon bombing : #BostonMarathon

My heart goes out to everyone affected by the tragedy at the Boston Marathon . Sending prayers to the victims and their families .

Im a loyal listener to ur show , but starting ur show about #habs IMO was wrong - Boston Marathan Bombings should of been first

Gov. Patrick : 2 and only 2 devices were found . Other packages were not unexploded bombs . #boston

Are they 're still reporting the incident over there at Boston ? Non-stop , yes !

#FBI : No additional explosives found in #Boston , investigation at suburban apt . complex not tied to #bombings

Our hearts and prayers go out to all of Boston and everyone affects by this terrible tragedy

Danny Amendola vows to donate $ 100 per reception for Boston Marathon victims -LRB- Video -RRB- : Amidst a day that was

My prayers are for the victims of the Boston Marathon explosions , we stand united as americans and we 're all together in this tragedy

Can you post the article you ran on the Boston Marathon something like 6 or 7 years ago ? That would mean a lot to me

Elizabeth Warren uses Boston terror attack for political purpose . Touts Obama influence . Useless non-effort ! Nauseating !

My 2 cents on #Boston and #GodIn case anyone wants to read :

the boston marrathon is really similar to the atlanta olympics in 1996

Prayers and good energy to everyone in Boston . Stay strong #prayforboston

#UMass will be holding a vigil tonight for the victims of the Boston Marathon Explosions at 10 p.m. in front of the Haigis Mall .

An 8 year old was killed watching his father run the marathon and his mother is seriously injured . No words . #PrayForBoston

Thinking of all affected by the Boston bombings

I 'm really sorry for all the people that got hurt and died in Boston , but when something like this happens in , for example Iraq -LRB- c -RRB-

A resource to help you if you planning to talk to you children about the events in Boston yesterday .

A face to a name . The 8 year old boy killed in the Boston bombings yesterday .

Keep in mind those affected by the tragedy in #Boston yesterday

Medical staff confirming there were nails and ball-bearings in the two bombs in Boston yesterday . There are some sick people in this world .

One of my favorite Boston pieces today , from Charlie Pierce

draws the right , sensible first lessons for India from the tragedy in Boston .

our thoughts prayers continue to be w / #Boston thank you 2 all those who 've been working in the aftermath savin

A good story from a very bad day in Boston . Worth your read and RT :

Surely the person -LRB- s -RRB- responsible for Boston yesterday do n't have some vendetta against Marathonsand security is normally very solid !

#Boston doctor : Most victims suffered severe wounds to lower body . Small metallic fragments -- pallets , shrapnel , nails found in injuries .

Even as a NYer in STL , I 'm loving seeing all the Red Sox caps in the airport . We are all #Boston fans today . #USA

Press briefing summary : All-hands US , Mass , and city on deck . Send in any media . Be patient while investigate #Boston cr

Keep Boston , Oklahoma and Iran/Pakistan in your prayers . The prayers of the righteous availeth much .

Our prayers go out to all people who have been affected by the horrible events that transpired in Boston

Live updates from Massachusetts General Hospital regarding Boston Marathon explosions

CONSERVATIVES IN THE BULLSEYE : Axelrod : Obama Thinks Boston Bombings Could Be Related to ` Tax Day ' #BostonBombings

Light artist projects messages of love solidarity , from New York to Boston .

my prayer 4 Boston ! But anyone know that 130 people including 31 childs have died yesterday ? Of course not this happened in Syria !

` Terror ' in Boston , by Any Other Name - what a difference one terrible day makes : Political Capital via

I 'm sending my thoughts to those victims who were injured and killed during the Boston Marathon , GOD bless America .

I 'm going to be on at 1045 to talk about how running community is responding to the Boston Marathon tr

Today in #Italian101 : You 're in our thoughts Boston . - Sei nei nostri pensieri Boston .

Two brothers each lose a leg in the Boston tragedy attack . It 's very sad . My thoughts are with their families

Newtown , Gosnell , Boston . Not signs of the times . Signs of the heart .

As the world was shaken by the tragic Boston bombing meanwhile localnews reports Baretto 's in another sibling dispute . Human hatred abounds !

What is it abt April that brings out the crazies ?? Virginia tech , columbine , Oklahoma city , Waco now Boston this country needs to fast . .

NOW : Continuing updates on the explosions at the #Boston Marathon .

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the city of Boston and all those affected by yesterday 's terrible act of

OMG I KNOW IT WAS TERRIBLE WHAT HAPPENED IN BOSTON . BUT NOBODY GIVES A FUCK TO THESE PEOPLE IN IRAQ THERE WAS AN EARTHQUAKE

My heart is still heavy for Boston today . #StillPraying

multiple bombs were planned to detonate in boston ? hindi ito random crackpot violence lang . coordinated siya :--LRB-

As most of you have heard about the tragedy which took place yesterday during Boston Marathon . As a fellow

MA : Boston Uses Tech To Communicate After Marathon Explosions #newslocker

Check this Madrid Marathon to proceed despite Boston attack : The Madrid Marathon will #SuryaRay #India

Look , it 's Elizabeth Warren , she 's telling US how the pres. did n't hesitate to let us know he 's giving Boston everything the

Regardless of the nationality of the scumbag who set those bombs offin Boston it was an act of TERRORISM.Call it w

It 's hard not to feel hopeless when every day brings news like #Boston or the #Gosnell clinic or #Steubenville . People can be HORRIBLE .

I 'm guessing I was n't the only one , but the Boston bombings brought back all the stomach-dropping memories of 9/11

Pray for Boston and while you 're at it include Syria , Burma , Palestine , Iran , Somalia , Iraq , and Afghanistan where this happens everyday .

Love never fails . Light shatters the darkness . In the end , truth will prevail . Praying for the Boston terror attack victims their families

What It Felt Like to Run a Boston Marathon - Glenn Kelman

#MAMEC is Praying for Boston pls / / t.co / LzCuXDdPmG

8-Year-Old Boy Who Died in Boston Marathon Explosions Has Been Identified : The 8-year-old boy who was killed i

Cops carry out several largebags in search of Boston Apt

It 's wonderful seeing other cities showing Boston support

Investigators hunt for Boston bombing clues

#Boston Marathon Explosions : The Day After -LRB- Live Updates -RRB- | Epoch Times

I know the tragic events in Boston are on everyone 's mind , but please remember those who lost their lives 6 years ago today at Virginia Tech

Right now , clinical psychologist joins us with tips on how to cope with a tragedy , following the Boston bombings .

hoped you hugged your kiddos a little tighter last night and this morning . so sad in Boston and for America .

Lots of thoughts and prayers for VT and Boston today .

#Boston press conference confirms 3 killed and 176 injured , with 17 in a critical condition in the #Bostonmarathon explosions

We all just need to be extra vigilant . Help each other out . There will always be crazy people . #boston

2 suicide terrorists bombed the finish line of the Boston Marathon this morning killing 3 wounding at least 146 , with more expected to die

The Boston bombing reminds me of the giants parade , a place thousands gathered for a celebration with people on the sides watching . Could

but what 's really sad about the boston bombings is that this sort of thing happens every day in some countries i hate people

Boston Marathon bombing : Over 170 injuries . Read more here :

That Boston Marathon incident purposely took all the attention off of Jackie Robinson day and I think that 's complete bullshit

Boston Firefighter/Siena grad Jim Plourde '99 captured in iconic photo after yesterday 's Boston Marathon explosions . h

because you can not defeat the tenacity of the American spirit . God bless Boston .

It Just Hit Me : I Pray Boston is not a cover for #Gosnell_Holder Connection . AG Holder 's wife co-owns The

watching Massachusetts #Boston General HospitalDoctors giving news conference on

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all Boston competitors , spectators , organisation officials and relatives .

TUNE-IN : News Chief Investigative Correspondent will be live from Boston w / the latest news during

pray for boston , , and to all muslim arround the world #MuslimsArentTerrorists

Thoughts and prayers to Everyone in Boston Today . This article inspired me this morning .

Stay up Boston . You 're a town of heroes .

Wow . A glowing message of support , from New York to Boston :

Not a Celtics fan but NY and Boston in first round is gon na be GOOD !

#bieberreporter #dulive Justin Bieber reacts to Boston Bomb Explosion . He tweets ' #PrayForboston ' .

If you guys wan na hear the facts about the horrible Boston tragedy , please ask my coworker Patty , she fucking thinks she knows it all .

Do n't let Boston create fear . Let Boston create gratitude for what we have and resolve to persevere regardless of

How I Talked About The Boston Marathon with My Child #uncategorized

Mass. gov : No unexploded bombs at Boston Marathon : Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick says no unexploded bombs were

My condolences to all the men , women , and children that was injured or lost a loved one in #Boston .

Thoughts are with Boston and with so many others who have been through so much violence

Roommate : Cops searched home of Saudi student injured by shrapnel -LRB- Boston Herald -RRB-

Local school shooting and horrible Boston massacre . Ugh . Got ta keep today 's show positive and thoughtful .

Boston Marathon Tragedy -- what would Jesus say ?

With phones service down , text messages and social media help during the Boston Marathon tragedy :

Boston College Basketball : Calling In Front Court Reinforcements : Could the Eagles land 6-foot-6 forward E htt

Running my second #UltraMarathon on Saturday . I 'll be thinking of #Boston the whole time .

Heading down to Boston , bad timing ?

Winners of the Boston Marathon will still get their money prizes but in Nigeria organisers would have ran away with moneydeclare it missing

I bet - the #Boston bombers will be cooling their heals before long , while the Hyderabad one 's will live in fear of the SEALS .

If authorities in Boston are anywhere near a break in this investigation , they are not letting on . Revealing little that suggests progress .

8 yr old who died in boston yesterday was waiting for his dad at the finish line . #tears

Hell the Boston PD could n't catch Whitey Bulger and he was WORKING for them .

I 'm disgusted at how eager the media is to interview hospitalized victims in Boston . Leave them alone ! This was a traumatizing event !

Does anyone find it odd that the Boston Marathon , Columbine , Oklahoma City bombing , Waco , and Va Tech shooting all happened from 4.15 / 4.20 ?

#Lifeiscrap is saddened by the events in Boston yesterday , Thoughts and prayers going out to all effected :-LRB-

The people of Boston our thoughts are with you today

From Boston Marathon updates to the earthquake in Iran and Vander Blue 's Marquette departure , here 's what we 're

Video : People Are Saying This Family Guy Episode Predicted Boston Marathon Bombing ? #WSHH via

Tri-Flow sends our thoughts , and deepest sympathies to all those affected by yesterday 's events at the Boston Marathon . #boston #giveblood

Still checking on friends and colleagues in Boston . Our hearts and thoughts go out to everyone .

Suspects , motive sought in Boston bombings

Sorry for all the victims of Boston and Iraq . But I used to wake up to these things happening in my own backyard every

Comforting Words From Mister Rogers After Boston Marathon via

The Mount community has the people of Boston and its extended family of visitors in our thoughts and prayers this week .

Prayers going out to Boston this morning

Our thoughts , prayers , and hearts go out to Boston today . #prayersforBoston

A couple of bombs explode in Boston , three people die , it 's a terrible tragedy ; an earthquake kills 40 -LRB- cont -RRB-

Ca n't believe these people are using the Boston marathon as an example smh

Our thoughts and prayers are with the people of Boston today . God Bless .

A tribute page to the Boston explosions . CREATED ON SATURDAY !!!!!

Group run tonight leaving from the Scout at 6:30 p. Wear green to show solidarity for Boston . Special guests : Joel

FBI : ` We Will Go To The Ends Of The Earth To Find ' Those Responsible For Boston Marathon Bombings via

#Politics Axelrod : Obama Thinks Boston Bombings Could Be Related to ` Tax Day ' Daniel Halper : #TCOT

Unfortunate timing of an automated tweet and pre-scheduled content : Boston Marathon Results : Everyone Wins via

MLive Kalamazoo : Kalamazoo-area runners to gather for run to remember Boston Marathon tragedy Tuesday evening

12-year-old Martinez , Calif. , boy among those injured in Boston bomb blasts

this city needs a W tonight . Get that win for Boston !

Was surprised that The Sun did n't opt for a headline along the lines of Boston TNT Party

Just watched the FBI News Brief on Boston . #PrayforBoston

As an EMT , very proud of how well the Boston EMS responded . We train for , but hope to never experience these awful events . Hats off . . !!!!

The marathon tragedy in #Boston , massive earthquake in #Iran and American helicopter accident in #SouthKorea . Any other catastrophe ?

I just read a few short articles on what happened at Boston yesterday . I pray people will turn to the Lord for comfort and consolation .

was able to put out Congrats message to President Bush on twitter , but unable to put out sympathy message to people of Boston .

New post : Liverpool FC fan running Boston Marathon in memory of Hillsborough victims

bein in Boston made me appreciate a little place like the Haute more then you know my guy !

` let 's not put any inference into this , ' - Axelrod : Obama Thinks Boston Bombings Could Be Related to ` Tax Day '

So Boston bombing is viral and shit . Has anyone heard the US killed eleven children and several woman in Afghanistan by means of bombing ??

This public doc lists hundreds of people who offered space in their #Boston homes to victims + families :

MaximBady confirm make video about the Boston .

Hope the show was good even with the events in Boston .

Do you know someone who was at the Boston Marathon ? Get in touch with us : 416-415-5000 ext. 2764 dialo

Boston Tragedy : It 's situations like this that bring out the best in Americans : People step up + do everything possible to help the injured .

In Response to the tragedy in Boston , these are some coping resources offered from MHANYS : Our hearts go out to

I bet Obama tries to put restrictions on marathons since people got hurt in the Boston Marathon It was obviously th

Birdy - People Help The People -LSB- Official Music Video -RSB- : viapray for #boston

Cable News Should Back Off Boston Terrorism Speculation

That 's really sad what happened in Boston they 're in my prayers !

I think I 've heard from/about everyone I know that was in Boston . There were a lot of you , and I 'm very relieved that you

Summary of weirdest day : awful , sad stories from #Boston , new in the works , is probably maybe going

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the Boston area .

Boston 's grit and resilience is stirring . George III could n't bully these people and neither will yesterday 's bombers .

FBI : There is no known physical threat in Boston .

BizInsider The Heart-Rending Cover Of Today 's Boston Globe - -LRB- Via Morning Money -RRB- First edition of tomorrow mornin .

Wow . I 'm so sorry for what happened in Boston . My prayers go out to every family out there . #PrayForBoston

The Teacher Is Making Us Watch The Video Of That Bomp That Happned In Boston .

The latest on the bombings in Boston - 176 injured and 3 dead

My fathers side of the family are from the Boston/New York Area .

We want to extend our thoughts hearts to all those in #Boston . Do a kind deed today , help remind the world the

Still ca n't believe what happened in Boston ! Thoughts are with everyone involved x x x

OU Expresses Grief Over #Boston Marathon Bombing

My heart goes out to all in Boston.Especially the family of Martin Richards , fly high sweet little boy . #BostonMarathon #martinrichard

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all the family and loved ones affected by the Boston marathon tragedy .

Someone should spirit bomb the asshole who caused the Boston Marathon Bombing .

I called this within minutes of the bombing :

How can people bomb a charity race ?? #PrayForBoston

. Keeping the people from Boston Marathon in my thoughts and prayers today

Why do I keep seeing this picture of an 8 year old girl that died in Boston ? It was an 8 year old boy

Just seen the video for the Boston bombing . There are some seriously sick people in this world . WHO EVER DID THIS I HOPE YOU BURN IN HELL !

Liberals are already blaming he Boston marathon bombing on conservatives

#Boston #Logan airport fire department asking for Coast Guard to set up a perimeter

so I JUST found out about Boston and the bombs and shit WHO IS DOING THAT THEY WO N'T LIKE IT IF WE GO OVER THERE AND BOMB THERE HOME * ^ ~ ^ *

Boston Marathon blast in pictures - Submit Your Photo

Mass. gov : No unexploded bombs at Boston Marathon : Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick says no unexplode #memphis

London Marathon reviewing security in wake of deadly Boston bombing | BloombergNews

8 communications guidelines for a crisis The explosions at the Boston Marathon on Monday remind people who handle com

My Time In Boston and Its Captivating Influence #music

To my friends and colleagues in the Boston area : we are deeply saddened by the horrific events that -LRB- cont -RRB-

BREAKING : Defense Sec . Hagel calls Boston bombings ` cruel act of terror ' ; military prepared to respond to any request for support

April : Not a kind month historically to America . Lincoln assassination , OKC bombings , Waco , Virginia Tech , Columbine , Boston Marathon .

First the blasts in Boston now a earthquake in Iraq what 's next an alien invasion

Has anyone blamed the sequester yet to explain why no arrests have been made in the Boston bombings ?

Ran 2.62 miles in 30 mins . Boston on my mind

Are you guys hearing the same thing going on at Boston Logan airport ?

Boston disaster yesterday , Virginia Tech massacre anniversary today , and a good friend died today . Life is short , folks . Pray love

Bomb blast in #Boston and the whole world goes #CNN on itindependence day bomb blast here #NTA showing Osun Oshogbo festival

Morning Tweeties - Thinking about Boston and I 'm so sad . Getting myself together to go to work . Make it a great day .

My prayers go to those people and their families in Boston . I hope their sleepless night will end soon . #prayforboston

OSCE Chairperson condemns bombing attacks at Boston marathon , offers condolences to its victims

Terrible things happened today . Boston bombing , Afghan earthquake and New UAAP rule -LRB- sorry personal lang yung rule -RRB- . :-LRB-

Update : Boston Bombs had nails in them too .

Our thoughts and prayers go out to #Boston today !

Our hearts go out to the families of the victims and those injured in the tradgedy in Boston . EJUSA staffer runner , Ben , was uninjured .

Useful Update on Boston Marathon Bombing yesterday via

POTUS 'll be repeating wimpy Rose Garden comments using Boston instead of Benghazi .

Emotional day in Boston . The Marathon represents human achievement and accomplishment followed around the globe . #heartbreaking #senseless

John Cena Tweets On The Horrific Boston Tragedy

Alright Media , lets make this guy famous . #boston

Photo : pats360 : We should all love Chicago right now . This is a class act . Source : Boston Sports Then and

Korean visitors to Boston are stranded when their friend is hit with shrapnel and is taken to the hospital . Pa

Bud Withers is on KJR telling his story from Boston . Was there for his son , who I knew in college .

Boston bombing : 25 front pages from newspapers around the world

This nigga laughing bout what happened in Boston , the fuck wrong with this nigga he wants me to slap tf out of him .

who decides that pulling the fire alarm today , after what happened yesterday in Boston , is a good idea ?

My heart goes out to everyone in Boston . We can pull through this . Thank you to all of the Doctors and Nurses in the hospitals .

The Worst Conservative Reactions To The Boston Bombings : As the nation mourned the April 15 bombings at the Bo

Boston Bombings Trigger FBI Investigation as Three Killed - Bloomberg More military

My heart and prayers go out to all the people in Boston , and all the families affected there . What a sad and sick act

Pray 4 Boston . 176 injured , 3 dead . 8 yr boy dead , sister lost leg , mother severe condition . Evil struck !

Not a smart call , Barry . Axelrod : Obama Thinks Boston Bombings Could Be Related to ` Tax Day ' via

At least 176 wounded , three dead after Boston terror attack :

Pray for tragedy in Boston yesterday . . now sadly , tragedy in Iran today .

The Date and Location Could Yield Significant Clues In the Boston Terror Attack

Westboro Baptist Church threatens to picket funerals of Boston bombing victims

All this talk of Boston just reminds me how much we need Christ #PrayForBoston

Muslim Brotherhood Leader Pens Bizarre Boston Bombing Note Pointing to Widespread Conspiracy via

MT Defense Secretary CHuck Hagel calls Boston bombings ` cruel act of terror '

The Boston Marathon is now stained with tragedy . Our thoughts and prayers are with all of the victims and their families .

Saddened today by the events in Boston , and finding it difficult to focus on something as peripheral as wine .

Boston : The Die Is Cast , The Meme Is In Place #zen #gardner

Today we all feel the effects of what happened in Boston yesterday . It reminds us of things we do n't like and

Listening to Best of Matty in the Morning Somber Talk Boston Marathon #iCatcher !

Passing through our beautiful city of Boston today . Stay strong Boston , so much love and many prayers coming your way #bostonstrong

Beautiful Boston ! Keeping everyone there in my prayers ! #prayforboston #boston

For Many Social Media Is the Primary Contact After the Boston Marathon Bombings

News on Boston marathon explosions dominate search traffic and social media feeds . Apr. 16 , 201 . . #socialmedia

Worth looking at how the Chicago Tribune 's sports page handled the Boston bombing

My heart hurts for Boston today . I 'm utterly unable to understand this . My prayers are with the families of the fallen and the injured .

Boston our hearts and thoughts are with you xx

I know y' all saw that family guy boston marathon video on worldstar

Heartfelt sympathy after hearing about #Boston explosion .

No weapon sharper than hope , no bomb mightier than love . Pray for Boston , pray for the city that keeps my memories , as well as my heart .

Thinking about yesterday leaves me angry and heartbroken . Boston is a city I love . It 's not fair

Our thoughts and prayers are with Boston . There will be a tribute tonight on the Horseshoe .

The answer to why ? Evil . I do n't want to know any more . #Boston

#Boston In your opinion , wat is the difference between this horrible tragic and Pakistani bombing where 34 people died ?

Our hearts are in Boston today . Another excuse to #hugsomeone

SUPPORTthe UnSecureD Boston Combs Mile-Square Crime Scene : The day after two bombs exploded | NewYork Times |

#VernonBCNews SFU expert says Boston explosions bear signs of a terrorist attack

Every Nigerian is shouting pray for Boston , am wondering if a bomb goes off in Lagos would America remember us talk of pra

Run because you can . Run for those who want to but no longer can . Run faster . Run farther . Dream bigger . Never , ever be deterred . #boston

Grab your running shoes and honor the athletes of the marathon and the city of Boston . #neverstoprunning

#gigs4u #gigs CNA / COMPANON/ELDER CARE -LRB- BOSTON -RRB- : Please call me if you need a reliable caring #BOS #boston #MA

Sending love to our Boston brothers and sisters as they wake to find that yesterday was not a terrible dream . Providence

I appreciate your concern bruh , I was not in Boston at that moment . #DoveyLove #PrayForBoston

Test FB Link in Boston , MA #job

That bombing in Boston Is crazy son like you ca n't be safe anywhere smh

Powerful images from Boston Big Picture

#PatricioPuicercus Boston Combs Mile-Square Crime Scene : The day after two bombs exploded near the f

Continuing Updates on Boston Marathon Bombings : Patch will be adding any new updates posted on social media ab

CLT running club hears from friends in Boston Marathon : CHARLOTTE , N.C. -- Several members of the Cha #raleigh

For those of you posting about praying for Boston and are saddened by the loss , how about you pray for the

Thanks for this , Letter from Boston via

And in other news , media outlets milk ever single drop they can out of Boston Marathon bombings with stupid question after s

Yes , I am still planning to run Chicago in October . Now , I will do it for #boston . Every training run takes on new significance .

Very happy and relieved . My nephew survived without injury his run in the Boston marathon .

Good morning , Boston . I hope you 're feeling better .

If you 're looking for on-the-ground reporting from Boston , follow

well , that 'll show 'em BREAKING : Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel calls Boston bombings ` cruel act of terror ' - MM

if you only pray for syria not boston , you 're no different from the people who pray for boston not syria . #this

My Heart Hurts for so many reasons today #boston

My heart is broken reading these news stories fr Boston . Praying for all the families to find strength to get through this horrific tragedy

Idc that Boston shit was set up !

DAT WAS A SICK MINDED PERSON DAT DID DAT 2 BOSTON

Our thoughts are with those who are dealing with the horrific tragedy in Boston . Our prayers go out to the

Our best to all of Boston and its strong legal community from your colleagues in NY .

I have faith that the FBI will find whoever planted the bombs in Boston . Unless , that person kills himself before they catch him

Needham Continuing Updates on Boston Marathon Bombings : Check this article for updates throughout the day that

How Heart Breaking , Our Hearts Go Out to Mr Ryan , for all the Sadness these cowards caused in your family.Bless You All Boston

Goodmorning everybody Thank u Lord for waking me up this morning to see another day n also keep Boston in ur prayers

A message to share with your little friends as you attempt to address the horrors in Boston this morning . I have

So strange Painful that even after the disastrous #earthquake in #Pakistan , my TL is still filled with Boston . . R v

Heart does go out to victims in Boston . However , constant media coverage does nobody any good and that is a fact .

Really ? This guy just made a Boston marathon joke . Asshat

Dear USRPN , Bomb blasts rocked the city of Boston this afternoon during the Boston Marathon , killing two people

Jordanian #extremist praises #Boston Marathon explosions - Washington Times : via

TNT runners participated in the Boston Marathon but to our knowledge , none were injured.We express ourdeepesentcondolencestoallthoseinvolved

Words can not even express how saddened we all are by the tragic events that took place yesterday . Stay strong , Boston .

At the Capitol working on a story about stepped up security in the wake of the Boston Marathon bombings .

At some point you have to ask yourself what is going on . #boston #peopleknew

I 'll never have the capacity to understand things like the explosions at the Boston Marathon . As we all do , I feel gutted for the victims .

-LSB- DEADSPIN -RSB- Chicago Tribune Sports Page Pays Tribute To Boston : Here is the front page of today 's sports secti

Take a moment from the hustle and bustle to think about and pray for the families affected in Boston . Life is too precious .

#Boston exit ramp closed on Storrow Dr Both EB/WB at Kenmore Sq #traffic

Travel World Wide : Flights banned over Boston Marathon blast site

We at the Chelsea lodge send out our heartfelt sympathies to the victims and their families effected by tragic event at the Boston Marathon

Our thoughts are with Boston today . If you wish to help please considering donating blood to the American Red Cross :

No , do n't pray for Boston , the most important thing is that Las Vegas is fine .

Is it weird to anyone else bombs were being tested in Boston yesterday , then there were actual explosions , injuries and deaths ?

Will you make more Boston ones ?

EdTech Times is HQ in Boston . Our thoughts are with those affected at the Boston Marathon yesterday .

i hope the marathon tragedy will be solved very soon , #prayforthevictims

My praise to the first responders , the doctors and medical professionals that responded so quickly in Boston . I know saved lives .

PHOTOS : Heroic first responders at the Boston Marathon via

What r the chances of a fund raising show in Boston for everyone affected by this pointless tragedy ?!?

My prayers are with the people in Boston and with all the victims of terrorism everyday around the world . Let 's

Our prayers are with Boston today . Pray for comfort , healing , justice and safety . #tc

boston terrorists just came to singapore : o

Def . worth a read re : Boston marathon Thanks for the heads up .

Cache Valley runners provide eyewitness accounts to bombing and aftermath in Boston :

GALLERY : Terror at the Boston Marathon - The Big Picture : / / Warning : graphic content .

Boston Red Sox baby all the way this year they have something to play for now there gon na play for it and for their city #PrayersForBoston

My heart go to everybody in Boston praying for all of u

LTSBlog Alerts Front Page of sports section in Chicago Tribune shows unity with rattled Boston after tragedy

My regards go to Boston and fuck those pieces of shit that did that to your city .

Love the fact twitter/Facebook have taken it upon themselves to try and catch the Boston bomber

Its a relief to the Fulham Family that you were n't in Boston yesterday . Hope you have a good journey home tomorrow

In light of yesterday 's tragic events we have postponed our Gator Stompin ' contest to show Boston our love sympathy . May peace prevail .

A new day begins . Let the sun shine brightest on Boston .

Aww one of the Chickfila workers suggested they half mast their flag for the #boston bombing yesterday !

Boston was n't shit about a week ago though

My thoughts and prayers continue to be with those impacted by the horrible tragedy in Boston #PrayForBoston

Beyond Sad : An 8 yr old boy , Martin Richard , was killed from Boston bombing waiting to hug his dad at finish line .

I 'm wearing my marathon shirt today , in support of Boston ! I think everyone will be scared until they find out the reason .

* torture is only best for the Boston bomber

List of Syracuse University community members running in Boston Marathon who have been identified as safe

Bombs rip finish at the Boston Marathon - | News , Sports , Jobs , Marquette Informat

No words can describe the horrific incident that occurred in Boston . Our thoughts and prayers are with the city

Thoughts nd prayers to everyone in Boston . So terrible , stay safe there :-LRB-

Good read ! As a former CIA officer NYPD Intel Analyst , my thoughts on terrorist attack in Boston http

It 'll be a pleasure to watch yourself the rest of the guys play your hearts out for boston tonight over here in dublin Ire .

Check out this post from Bandwidth Issues Down Boston Cell Service , Not Police

I do n't know who is responsible for what happened in Boston , but I bet everyone is hoping it is n't someone from their nationality

Annoys me so much seeing pictures of the bombing in Boston what people has put on facebook with like for respect and share . Fuck off will ya

SWAMU News : Westboro Baptist Church Offers No Prayers For Boston . Coincidence ? #tcot #UniteBlue

Our thoughts and prayers are with all in Boston experiencing this terrible situation .

Runners donating blood , residents opening homes other acts of kindness after Boston Marathon blasts

An 8 year old boy waiting for his dad at the Boston Marathon finish line yesterday was killed , this is so sad #prayforboston

What happened in BOSTON is a direct connection to HILLARY CLINTON OBAMA - for not - TAKING IMMEDIATE ACTION IN -LRB- BENGHAZI -RRB- .

And cofirms is wrong . Boston PD confirms : no suspect in custody .

Our deepest sympathies to the victims of the attacks at the Boston Marathon yesterday . #Boston

Fear is a powerful emotion but it 's no match for love and the strong American spirit ! Justice will be served ! My heart goes out to Boston !!

My thoughts and prayers to Boston victims ! So sad !

Walk to school . Feels like spring . cespooo #boston

been doing news hits on radio stations around the country and have to say the amount of support for #Boston from far a

Way to go ! -- Joan Benoit Samuelson , 2x Boston winner , set a WR in 55 yr old AG on the 30th anniversary of her 30th WR -LRB- via

The Metro Marina Bay team hopes all of our residents , friends and family were all safe in Boston yesterday

Prayers 4 victims of #BostonMarathon worked folks , no new dead overnite in Boston . Pray hard 4 the innocent victims that they all survive .

The Salvation Army 's Emergency Disaster Services respond to the Boston bombings .

Anonymous is threatening Westboro Baptist if they picket in Boston .

Boston Marathon Was A Government Job ! U.S Kills more Of Their Own People Than Anybody Else !

How much time is being wasted in #Boston while Authorities and Doctors have to answer endless absurd questions by reporters ?

Steve Rushin has a powerful piece on Boston up at Sports Illustrated .

Hearts and prayers going out to Boston as well as those lost and their families from the Virginia Tech shooting six years ago . #remember

Injured Saudi man questioned re Boston . I find this sad .

Great interview with #boston marathon participant from Van Isle . Thought I 'd heard it all .

Press at DC airport interviewing disembarking marathoners from #boston #sadbyproductoftragedy

I do n't usually folo celebs but . . MT Patton Oswalt posted something wonderful 4 Boston

Still so sad about what happened in one of my favorite cities yesterdayy . My heart goes out to you Boston

Our prayers are with those in Boston and those that were visiting as runners and spectators . Our own Kent Thompson

strike fear and hurt people bro sucks ass Prayer for the Victims of the Boston Marathon #PrayerForBoston

Mass. . Gov. Deval Patrick says no unexploded bombs were found at the Boston Marathon : - MM

mf be like prey for boston and wit the shit errday , you mf need to prey for your own city cuz at this rate alot of

#Boston Mass General Trauma Chief describes bomb with similar type of projectiles used by Eric Rudolph in Atlanta .

Whoever the defendant of the Boston Marathon blasts , let 's cut his head off into small pieces and give it to sharks to eat .

Boston News : Two Bombs Exploded Near the Finish Line at the Boston Marathon on Monday . Three People are Dead and Over 100 are Injured

Do you live in the Merrimack Valley and were near the Boston Marathon finish line around the time of the explosions ? Call

Really ? You 're laughing about your mom wanting to watch the news on #boston ? #getalife #stoptalking #getaneducation

Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families , the runners , first responders , and hospital staff in Boston .

What happen to boston actually ?! Everyone was saying about it . :O

RIP all the people who died in #boston attacks . God bless you .

Truly #BostonFinest !! BPD , EMS , Boston Hospitals , Doctors , Nurses people ! Com Ed Davis . . Unstoppable !!

Virginia #Suspects sought in #Boston Marathon bombing ; 3 dead

Prayer In Light Of The Horror In BostonHere is a helpful prayer in light of the horror in Boston yesterday . It

It 's not just about #Boston , it 's about all of us as a nation .

Let 's give them F16s . Bizarre statement from a Muslim Brotherhood leader on Boston bombings : ht

Charles Pierce . Among Boston 's finest .

My heart goes out to everyone involved in yesterday ` s events in Boston . Send in photos or tips , no matter how insignificant it might seem .

Its sad too be evil , pray for Boston

Watching #Boston shine as a beacon of community and strength . That 's what the city is made of . Ai n't nobody taking her down .

And when it 's all good and nice , a tragedy hits Did you have anyone in Boston ? Our thoughts are with victims and families .

Did n't notice any change in Chicago R Security around the world heightened after deadly bomb blasts shake Boston

Starting my day but all I can think about is that terrible tragedy in Boston . My heart goes out to all the victims and their families .

On the myth of safety , reflecting on the tragedy at the Boston Marathon yesterday .

On the value of #socialmedia in Boston Marathon explosion : a source for individuals and traditional media

Hometown police chief was running in Boston Marathon , glad to hear he 's OK from

Tech News : Photos : Front page news reaction to Monday 's Boston Marathon explosions via

Two bomb sweeps performed on day of #Boston marathon -- one in morning , another 1 hour before first runners crossed

Me : Who do you think is behind the bombing in Boston ? Mom : Terrorists . Me and Bustin : * look at eachother and laugh *

At this time , has what it needs financial and otherwise to respond to the events in Boston . Thx everyone for your support

Another image of 8-year-old Martin Richard , killed in Boston Marathon blast -LRB- Rachel Moo -RRB- - h

After Boston there was an earthquake in Iran killing people , now there 's been a coach crash in French Alps killing 3 people !

No win situation . Someone goes and it 's ` what about Boston ? ' Thatcher issue hugely controversial over here , UKdivided

How many of ya 'll actually said a prayer for boston but tweeting #prayforboston , or would send money for relief ? Oh i 'll wait .

Well , there are already plenty of idiots blaming the Jews/Zionists/Mossad for the Boston tragedy , so why not , right ?

` Mile of Silence ' - Atlanta 's running community came together early this AM in support of Boston . #PrayforBoston -

Boston Bombing : Prelude to New War

will anyone else do the pray for Boston thing at our baseball game today ?

rihanna REALLY canceled her concert in boston last month . . 0 _ 0

Listening to the Mayor of Boston on Sky News and he sounds exactly like Ted . Got ta love the #Boston accent .

#Douchebag Alert Axelrod : Obama Thinks Boston Bombings Could Be Related to ` Tax Day ' via

Not sure if this alarmed anyone but yesterday in Boston they took down cell service city wide . THINK ABOUT IT . #InternetKillSwitch #Resist44

Hi Joe , would you be able to spare a few moments today for a quick interview with a UK magazine as one of our Boston helpers ?

Wow , they talking about Boston now ?

Indonesians are deeply saddened by the Boston bombings . Our prayers are with the victims and their families .

Hagel Calls Boston Marathon Bombings ` Cruel Act Of Terror ' via

Boston Marathon Bystanders Raced to the Rescue - ABC News : ABC NewsBoston Marathon Bystanders Raced to #TSCEnt

thank you ladies I 'm a junk gypsy fan up here in Boston and we need all the prayers at can get

The first of December was covered with snow/So was the turnpike from Stockbridge to Boston/The Berkshires seemed

#CZFM SportsZone 's condolences go out to all those effected by the tragedy at the Boston Marathon yesterday . You

Tragedies like the one in Boston remind us there 's always a need for blood . While blood donations ca n't be

ATF lacks permanent boss as it investigates Boston : The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , s

Was my previous tweet in bad tasteya know , considering the whole Boston thing ? Did n't even think about that .

This seems like a perfect time for the Boondocks Saints to bring justice back to Boston

keep praying for our brothers and sisters in Boston

Eight year old boy killed in Boston terrorist attack . #prayforthevictims

Attacks on America are given great names - Boston twin bombs and 9/11

this world is so messed up . the bombing in boston and the shooting in temple just remind me that this is not our home !

Thoughts and prayers for everyone affected by the bombings in #Boston yesterday . #prayersforboston

Mile 25 of the Boston Marathon on the way to the finish line . Seems fitting right now .

Funny how we complain about boston but we killed 30 people at an Afghan wedding .

Blessings to those who ran towards the danger in the Boston explosions to help the injured . #realheroes

WBOC 's LeAnne Matlach here : I 'm looking to speak with Delaware runners who were at the race in Boston yesterday

Please join us in praying for Boston today .

In front of the home of the boy who was killed in #Boston , there is a word written on the sidewalk : It

Cleveland welcomes the Boston Red Sox to town :

to be fair , Meatloaf admitted that the one thing he would n't do for love is terrorize the Boston Marathon .

Feds seek images in Boston Marathon bomb inquiry ; only 2 devices used

The home of Martin Richard , the 8-year-old who died in Boston

#Boston officials now say 176 injured in explosions , 17 are critical . #yyc #CTVCalgary

A Boston Marathon Solidarity Run is scheduled for 9 am on Sunday in Delaware Park . #Buffalo # b

Spending our last day in #Boston on the Freedom Trail , walking in solidarity for those most affected by yesterday 's trage

It 's so horrible what happened to Boston . People are disgusting . #prayforboston

Thanks for your kind messages - we are all ok . Our thoughts are with those affected . Boston , we love you .

Prayers to victims , families in the wake of the Boston Marathon bombings . It 's a tumultuous world we live in . Live on with courage , not fear

Still praying for everyone involved in the #bostonmarathon tragedy yesterday . Love you Boston 3 #prayforboston #wrongcitytomesswith

-LRB- YWN -RRB- FBI Seeks Images In Boston Marathon Bomb Inquiry

bombing a marathon for charity how sick can you get honestly #prayforboston

Darkness can not drive out darkness . . only light can do that . Brooklyn loves Boston 3

The Chicago Tribune sports page honors Boston and the victims today .

DiscloseTVfb Boston Busted ! Why Were People Told To Stay Calm Before The Bombs Went Off ? Fals : Boston Buste

After the horrific events in Boston yesterday , Mr. Rogers words bring some light to a very dark situation .

#Prayforboston omg are those people retards or what ? ppl have marathon and they bombard the whole area , you die , he die , everybody die

I 'm not in Boston I blame my best friend you ai n't shit ! #hostility

Honestly , ca n't get over what happened yesterday in Boston , really ca n't wait to qualify for SEAL training now

My prayers are with boston hope there are safe recoveries and condolence to the families that lost loved ones #BostonStrong #BostonBombing

this isnt her . the pic clearly says joe cassella 5k , not Boston Marathon . good try but my heart still goes out to them .

So you think it 's ok to immediately blame someone for the Boston bombs without ANY facts or evidence pointing to anyone ? No

OJO Just in : Incident going on at Boston 's Logan airport involving US Airways flight from Philade

We 're a marathon-supporting , - running , - loving family . Praying for the runners , spectators hurt in the Boston bombing

1st bomb video shows different runners nations flags coming down as rescuers react to the victims : : #Boston

For anyone who drew a semicolon for Boston , a semicolon stands for when you wanted to end something ; your life , but did n't .

understood , but pro sports and boston are synonymous . i think it 's a good way to tap into the sentiment of the city and support

Boston Ma and I love you because you never choose sides and when you do then you made your choice on your own -LRB- :

So they are looking for a dark skinned suspect with an accent in Boston , eh ? This will not end well for some people .

Heartbroken for the runners bystanders who lost their legs in the Boston explosion . I ca n't imagine the emotional agony . #Praying

After the Boston explosions , they 're going to frisk your balls and perform a cavity search each time you plan to go jogging

Our sympathies to the people of Boston and the victims of the heinous crime committed at the Marathon .

Pray for Boston.Who could have done such a thing

plane currently surrounded at Boston 's Logan airport -

Most clicked Police hunt Boston bombers , ball bearings used to maximise casualties

They should publicly execute whoever is responsible for the Boston bombing

When I see a Boston post I picture a gang of Irish cops listening to the Dropkick Murphys while they beat the Saudi they have in custody .

Regrettably yesterday Boston explosion is an act of terrorism . As much as the one on Las Vegas Strip back in February that killed 3 people .

It is a sad and scary world when people feel they have to resort to violence and terror for any reason . Healing thoughts to #Boston .

christ alive those people sharing the picture of the person on the roof at boston are the dumbest of the dumb

God Bless you ! Michael Moore , you are a cultural cancer to America ! #S649 #Boston #MichaelMoore

Just heard some more scary stuff about Boston I really hope it 's not true .

not all used Twitter wisely . As adweek use Boston marathon to tell us what we already know #brand #socialmedia

Does actually realise a huge earthquake has hit Iran ? All day has been wall2wall Boston .

UNITED WE STAND . ONE NATION UNDER GOD . LONG LIVE THE SPIRIT -LRB- faith -RRB- of THE BOSTON TEA PARTY . 9/11 FAMILIES STAND WITH YOU .

When will you be printing your correction -LRB- re : 12 Runners Killed -RRB- for your Boston Marathon errors ? I NEED to know so I can frame it .

Unconfirmed reports of police surrounding a US airways plane in Boston Logans airport

Prayers for all the people who are involved in the Boston tragedy.For those who are wounded and for those who did not make it . #godhelpus

Another poignant local account of yesterday 's explosions at the Boston Marathon #whiotv

15th april - titanic sank ,15 th april-Boston bombings . illuminati #illuminati #NewWorldOrder

UPDATE : Saudi Person of Interest NAME REVEALED - Boston Marathon terrorist attack open thread

Astonishing heroism by the EMTs , firefighters and police yesterday in Boston . True lifesavers .

Joey McIntyre Sobs As He Relives Boston Bombing New Kids On The Block star Joey Mcintyre burst into tears durin

will do we all have been thinking bout you guys especially since the Boston deal . Be safe .

Crazy to think the Doctors and nurses of #Boston have been working for 18 hours straight , with no end in site . Tip my cap to them .

I believe the boston bombings were caused by an unnabomber kind of mad man My five cents #boston

So one of the three people killed in Boston was a 8 year old waiting at the finish line for his dad , absolutely disgusting !

it 's so sad what happened to Boston my prayers go out to the people that were effected #pray4boston

Boston Marathon Explosions : Boston Celtics Must Turn Focus to Playoff Match - Rant Sports #NBA #BostonCeltics

Yesterday was a sad day , Stay strong , Boston ! Our prayers are with you #prayforboston

Beautiful morning but flags om halv mast for #Boston blasts

It seems pretty clear on the News that it was an 8 year old BOY who was killed in the Boston explosions . Research the Ne

i got a boston cream donut from dunkin even though I think i have a stomach bug .

prayers and thoughts goes out for the victims of the Boston marathon bombing :-LRB- #prayforboston

painting done whilst praying for victims in Boston and also earthquake Iran . . the lion of judah is among them

BBC _ Travel : If you are visiting #Boston , or travelling there soon , here 's what you need to kno

Just heard the phrase - ` one of the pluses from this disaster is ... ' Errrm no ?!! #Boston

I swear if I get anymore shit about Boston , I WILL kill a nigga .

Covering the Boston Marathon tragedy : -LRB- via

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the family members and victims in the Boston Marathon explosion yesterday .

CNN Sports Boston bombing : What we know - In the aftermath of two bomb blasts near the finish line of Monday 's B

#GOD BLESS ALL OF YOU INVOLVED IN THE ATTACK IN BOSTON TODAY WE ARE #PRAYING FOR YOU , #JESUS PEACE COME TO YOU !

Our condolences go out to those affected by the bombings at the Boston Marathon . :-LRB-

#Boston A muslim is someone who follows the Islamic religion.A terrorist is someone who bombs places and kills peopleLearn

A victim of Boston Marathon bombing with tattered cloth .

So weird that this hit so close to home but Boston will bounce back

We have you in our thoughts and prayers and Boston .

After Boston , are we still in a mood to pussy-foot with Iran ? What if it were small nuke , chem or dirty bomb ? Just a matter of time

RIP To everyone that past away in the past 24 hours . #boston #afghanistan #iran

Aston PA | Re : Explosions reported at the Boston Marathon finish line. : The New York Post has reported that at

AWWWWWW I was otp with my friend just now and she was crying over the Boston thing and her mum is tryna find a way to donate money :-LRB-

Deep condolences for Boston marathon , all stand for USA . fuck you , thanks

i was literally talking about the boston massacre a few hours before this happened , so i sometimes slip it out too , w no malice .

Watch the video of the Boston Bombing - via

This literally made me cry . My prayers go out to those harmed by the Boston Bombing #BostonMarathon #Pray4Boston

y' all talking about boston , what about the niggas that get murdered everyday in inner cities for doing nothing ? where 's the action on that ?

and responded to the Boston Marathon explosions yesterday : #DWTS

Seeing so many people back on the streets of Boston this morning determined to return to their lives reminds me

Everyone 's praying and hurting for Boston . What about the millions of little children dying everyday in 3rd world countries

WTF happened in #Boston today !! What has this world come too ?? #godhelpusall ;-LRB- #sadtimes my thoughts are with everyone ou

If you were an expert you probably would n't be tweeting your speculations , you 'd be on the phone with the FBI and Boston PD

My heart goes out to Boston . . Have some family living there . . Thank god nothing happened to them . .

Towson preschool teacher injured in Boston Marathon explosion : 29-year-old Cockeysville resident wa #baltimore

I feel it , you know how many Boston things I have ? A lot !

Sending Boston love from Providence #PrayForBoston

SportsCenter - Mass. governor says no unexploded bombs at Boston Marathon , only two that went off found ; FBI says no

Moment of silence for Boston at 245 pm today !!!!

A horrific day in Boston . Our prayers are with you .

Finding it difficult to work today when my thoughts are in Boston .

you guys are great . Thanks for thinking of USA and Boston .

Our heart goes out to those affected by the Boston Marathon Tragedy

This volunteer put a medal around this tearful runners neck and hugged her . #boston

Thinking about Boston on the blog today :

WATCH ! Boston Marathon Explosion - People Looting Merchandise Stand #LostforWords

Lil late but my thoughts and prayers go out to the people in Boston #justice #loveboston #bostonmarathon

Local runners in Boston -LRB- from the New Richmond Running Club -RRB- are confirmed safe .

JFK Library Bombing ? 3rd Bomb Suspected Following Boston Marathon 2013 Explosions -LRB- VIDEO , PHOTO -RRB- via

Our thoughts prayers go out to the victims of the Boston Marathon bombings . #prayforboston

Hearts Prayers to Everyone in Boston ! 3 DC

Whoever pulled that stunt in Boston def gone be facing that death penalty

Lessons about stories on suspects in Boston Marathon Bombing . How to look at NYPost .

Got two sets of reactions for yesterday 's Boston marathon explosions . 1 . Sympathetic -LRB- almost all -RRB- 2 . Casually ignorant -LRB- a few -RRB- .

Awesome . MT Chicago Tribune puts the Boston teams on the front of the sports page .

I 'm a little ranty today -LRB- about Indie authors , not Boston -RRB-

The 8 year old girl is NOT the Boston victim but the 8 year old boy is

Boston Marathon explosions : People being amazing : In the aftermath of the Boston Marathon explosions , there

Just ca n't believe this manAxelrod : #Obama Thinks Boston Bombings Could Be Related to ` Tax Day ' via

Our deepest condolences go out to the victims of the bombing at the Boston Marathon .

AAAND somehow the anti-Obama posts have already begun re : Boston tragedy . Today will be a day of unfriending block

Back in the cynical world : I 'm sick of seeing all this bull crap using Boston as a political tool to get other messages out . Horrible .

Those affected by the events at VT 6 years ago and the Boston Marathon yesterday are heavy on my heart today . #prayingforyou

I swear people are gon na piss me off all day talking ignorant about what happened in Boston yesterday

I honestly do n't believe that sandy hook shooting the Boston bomin was real !

By far the most convincing Boston conspiracy theory I 've seen

God bless those injured and effected by the the Boston Marathon bombings ; God bless us all . #msupr #tragedy #cometogether #recovery

Well said Paul . Letter from Boston

still reeling from yesterday tragedy in Boston . continue to pray for all

UPDATE : Another prayer service to be held in #Waltham for the #Boston Marathon victims . #prayforboston .

UPDATE - From a READER on the Boston Marathon ... Thanks ... ~ J via

People looking for famil in Boston can call 617-635-4500

Two Boston Marathon Runners Credit God For Saving Them

The ducks are keeping me company while Curt does laps . #Boston

Wait . . last night major news outlets were reporting there were 2-3 unexploded bombs found in Boston . Now government saying there were none

Hey fellow Bostonians , who 's with me in counter-protesting the WBC , who plan to picked the Marathon funerals ?!?!

Today lets take one minute of our time , and pray for peace and welfare for the people of Boston and for the entire WORLD ! #Peace , LoveFaith !

people are still calling taylor a slut when she tweeted about Boston ?!?! disrespectful , heartless and rude .

Want to hear some seriously messed up stuff ?? The Boston Bomber was already in prison FOR LIFE for doing the same

#breaking Boston Marathon Explosions : ` Nails In Bombs ' : The FBI says it is following a number of l #followback

BOSTON MARATHON EXPLOSION DAY 1 : BARNEY FRANK SAYS NO TAX CUT WOULD HAVE HELPED

Special Edition : The Boston Terrorist Attack - Special Edition : The Boston Terrorist Attack ! What does it

Our thoughts and prayers are with all of those affected by the tragedy in Boston yesterday . If you are looking

I love our spirit . I love our people . I even love our traffic -LRB- ! -RRB- . Mostly , I love our city , my city of #Boston . #CelebrateBoston

Reading the news , it 's been a bad day all over the world . Afghanistan , Boston , France , India , Iran , Pakistan , Syria . Good news would be nice

Follow day two of our live-blog tracking the latest developments from Boston

You ca n't always drive a minivan back home #storytelling at its best 4/17 #Boston story slams -

2 men were heard speaking Arabic on a flight in Boston . Plane returned to the gate , was swept for bombs the two men rebooked . DAMN !!

Boston would just be a city if it were n't for youhmm , you should be worth college credits : -RRB-

Tune in for tonights special broadcast on the marathon explosions from 6-8pm #YourVoiceIsOurFocus #marathonrunners #organi

So much crazy talent in these videos . So nice to get much needed laugh this morning in Boston . #sandbox13 So true .

We send our deepest sympathy and prayers to the runners , spectators , family , and friends of Boston .

Good morning ! Today our thoughts and prayers go out to the people in Boston .

Thoughts go out to alum , friends , and everyone at Boston yesterday .

#Akansha_Gautam #Indian #India Quotes from international sports officials on Boston #SuryaRay #RosyDecosta

Glad my Uncle Cisco is ohk prayers goes out to Boston , Ma

A sketch one of our designers did in reaction to the Boston tragedy . Our hearts are with you .

Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood condemns Boston blasts - MG Investment

Thoughts and prayers to everyone who may have been affected by the Boston Marathon Tragedy .

Amid reaction to Boston , here are facts and stats on terrorism in US since 1970s . Most surprising is #uspoli

I guess I 'm naive , but all the acts of kindness never surprise me . It 's the terrible acts that do . #Boston

AP 's reports on first night of CinemaCon in Las Vegas , thoughts on #Boston tragedy as event gets

not to speculate but the #boston bombing was done on #nakba day , the day palestinians protest #israel .

I do n't understand all the hate towards for reporting on the Boston explosions

thx u have a great one as well ! Pls pray 4 those hurt in Boston ,

My heart thoughts are with the victims and family friends of Boston bless them .

Location map of Boston Marathon Bombing .

Reading the intense reaction to Boston makes me wonder how England dealt with four decades of constant IRA shelling .

Wednesday funeral for Thatcher , Olympics , other events on alert after Boston - Henderson Daily #olympics

how are you doing today buddy ? hope all is well with your family and friends in Boston .

3 people killed in bomb boston , we say #prayforboston #pleaseFAIR

The on the blasts at the historic marathon in Boston on St Patriots Day

Google deploys Person Finder for Boston marathon explosions - Follows Japan , New Zealand earthquakes #security

Lab News : Scot tells of Boston blasts ` terror ' - A Glasgow woman supporting a team of British runners at the Bosto

My thoughts prayers are with those affected by the #BostonMarathon explosions . I hope that those I know in the Boston area are safe .

well said Chet . . This Skolnik character is a piece of work . Too bad he was n't in Boston yesterday .

Our prayers are with the people of Boston today and all affected . In their honor , please be love and light to

when i got home last night i heard what happened . My prayers r with Boston right now . #prayforBoston

#BENGHAZI NOT FORGOTTEN NO MORE LIES Obama Thinks Boston Bombings Could Be Related to ` Tax Day ' #tcot

ABBA 's Bjorn Ulvaeus makes poor taste comment on Boston marathon : Bjorn 's mistake led to a quick change of subject

The people of #Boston continue to amaze me . I love my city . We will get through this together .

Really felt bad for those who died and got injured in the bomb tragedy in Boston .

Heather Trana , a Centerville mother of two , says she 's grateful to be safe after Boston blasts

Spoke to McLean family from Stratford , mother , father , kids and grandmothers . All safe but shaken in Boston .

Lamb and puppy here ! Hope all is well ! Lets send out some positive thoughts and love to all in Boston , victims

` Barbaric ' Boston Marathon bomb attack sparks global outrage

Apparently people are so ignorant , they think North Korea caused the bombing in Boston yesterday . People also think Muslims caused it .

and Sully 's Brand looking to help assist those in Boston . #bridgenine #sullysbrand #boston

drown your fear in courage . inspired by all of the love for #boston . #loveprevailsoverevil

It was an 8 year old BOY and he was n't running because you CAN NOT run the Boston Marathon unless you 're 18 + . Stop trying to

Total of Three Dead , Including 8 Year Old Boy in Boston Terrorist Attack , 10 Limbs AmputatedThere was blood

I pray for God 's grace and comfort for those in Boston . Will you pray too ?

Prayers for everyone in my beloved Boston , Cambridge and surrounding communities . via KLHArch Fb

Just completed a 5.02 mi run - Emotional . Stopped mid-run at mile 4.09 to honor #boston #running #fo #RunKeeper

Oh my god . People in my school were making jokes about Boston , that 's just sick ! People died and loads are injured !!

This Fool Just The Lakers Bombed Boston Because They Was Mad They Did n't Make It The Play Offs

Good morning . I 'm also sending prayers to Boston . So tragic and unbelievable what happened .

Keep those in Boston in your thoughts and prayers .

Thoughts go out to everyone associated with Boston tragedy , your journey is just beginning but you will have millions of well-wishers w you

In light of the tragedy in Boston , prayers go out to everyone affected . We have to do better.Diversity is not

United States offered condolences over tragic events in Boston on behalf of Belarus : MINSK , 16 #belarus #news

Seriously ? Westboro Baptist Church Threatens To Picket Funerals Of Those Killed In Boston Marathon Explosions

God bless Boston and God bless Tech . #neverforget

God bless the children who lost their family in Boston .

Praying for my city tonight and all the families in pain , not only in Boston but around the world #Prayforboston #Prayfo

Haggs I started a fundraiser to help victims of Marathon can u / / t.co / IjE1YEqGg

Defense Secretary Hagel calls Boston bombings ` cruel act of terror ' - Washington Post

An eerie quiet here in the Back Bay as the Boston Public Library and yesterday 's marathon medical tent sit vacant .

Axelrod : Obama Thinks Boston Bombings Could Be Related to ` Tax Day ' Protecting your people Barry ?

Wow . Boston 's bombing so close to this horrible anniversary . Everyone pray .

Nobody has claimed responsibility yet , no suspects , no evidence of add ' l devices but must remain vigilant esp in Boston downtown .

US shudnt arrest Boston bomber . Make peace , give him a small town near D.C. to launch missiles if and when he gets mad at us . #israel

Most Montreal runners accounted for after blast rocks Boston Marathon - globalnews.ca

Here are some FACTS we know . Boston , Ft Hood , Benghazi were all TERRORIST ATTACKS on the USA . Christmas Day Times Square bombers failed .

Our thoughts are with our friends and family in the Boston area today .

VIDEO : On the scene in Boston with the latest on the Marathon Explosion investigation :

Sales Financial Risk Software Solutions - Boston -LRB- New England -RRB-

Merjerz team 's thoughts are with our followers in Boston , as well as all runners , Bostonians and Americans generally . #mergers #boston

Is it too much to wish Jigsaw could play a game or two with the people responsible for Boston ?

I ran for Boston today . Praying for everyone affected running community . #runforboston

Thinking of my family and friends and everyone in Boston x

From the Boston Police Department this morning .

After the events in Boston , we must find the strength to know that in the midst of such evil , there is goodness . Mahatma Gandhi said :

The family destroyed by the Boston bombs : Boy , 8 , killed while waiting to give his father a hug at marathon fini

Remind yourself not to speak Arabic on a plane right now . Boston Logan situation - 2 on plane were speaking it now are no longer on plane .

-LSB- SBN feed -RSB- Initial Thoughts on the Boston Bombings

Zayn malik pengeboman boston ? Gak ada hubungannya . Do n't judge him as a terorist because his religion . #ZaynDirectionersAreAlwaysHereForYou

This is the absolute greatest Boston College Students Organizing Walk to Finish Boston Marathon

Did anyone catch the Boston marathon yesterday ? I hear it was a blast .

Today we 're more than #Redsox nation . We are America , We are Boston.We still standing and will make it thru #prayforboston #unitedwestand

It is this type of tragedy that makes me want to stay in the criminal justice field . My prayers are with you , Boston . #prayforboston

I find it disturbing that the Boston Bomber is still out there , not in custody or dead . I do believe it was

I guess my day to Boston is now canceled

U.S bomb kills 30 at afghan wedding : #bostonmarathon #BostonBombing #Boston #BostonExplosion

Jacky was right Mr.Coe is talking about the attack in Boston I can here him over here It sounds interesting

With 92 countries represented yesterday at Boston it 's hard to call this just an attack on the US .

Anytime Joe . Stay safe and our thoughts are with you and the people of Boston .

Prayers and thoughts to all in Boston and to the families who have suffered loss , God bless .

I KNOW I SHOULD BUY BOSTON CELTICS CAP FOR CHANYEOL OKAY

Just spoken to Tonbridge marathon runner John Harley in Boston :

Terror 's Youngest Victim | Boston Marathon Explosion | Fox Nation

Considering what happened yesterday in Boston , I was VERY upset this morning when I saw dozens of TANKS on the freight rails at Ft. Totten .

This Time , #SocialMedia Users Showed Some Restraint : #Boston v

KVAdaptive was founded in the greater Boston area -LRB- and still has a presence -RRB- . We condemn these attacks and pray

Good Morning Twitterland ! Monday is never a good day , but it was a dream here compared to Boston . My heart goes out to everyone affected .

The attack today in Boston was not God 's punishment . An 8 year old died . He was innocent , nothing to punish him for

Thoughts well wishes to everyone in Boston - To runners who came from all over the world to run in an amazing event , in a beautiful city .

Sorry to say that the Boston bombing was planned

If only more people on the streets of Boston had been carrying guns they could have fired aimlessly into a smoke plume filled with people .

RT Boston , you 're in my heart today .

Prepare for Canada 's #NewWorldOrder puppets to politicize Boston tragedy to further domestic spying agenda #VicToews

Sporting my Rock n Roll marathon shirt today for Boston ! #bostonmarathon

The people of Boston remain in our thoughts and prayers . A local pediatrician offers advice for helping children

Chicago and New York showing their support for Boston big time

Oh so y' all thought the Iran earthquake right after the Boston Marathon bombings was a coincidence . Y' all better wake

The news coming out of Boston transfixes me in ways I do n't like . Thinking if the familiesDid u know someone running t

Let 's all pray for the injured and family of those killed in Boston . Then cover cities accross USA with prayer .

The Worst Media Reactions to The boston tragedy . reminds me of my TL . peep .

Police Stop US Airways Flight At Boston 's Logan Airport After ` Security Incident ' via

Watched some video footage from the Boston Marathon for the first time and I ca n't stop crying . Completely heartbreaking . #weloveboston

PR people : when you use tragedies like the Boston Marathon to promote your company , I 'll NEVER EVER give you press a

Despicable . Worthless . : -LRB- Westboro Baptist Church threatens to picket funerals of Boston bombing victims

Watching on CNN videos of the Boston bombing . . such a terrible act of terrorism . So senseless ! Deaths , runners with amputated legs . . WTH ? :-LRB-

busy mourning Boston , SENATE wiped out STOCK transparency for its own members staffers CROOKS steal while US bleeds

My prayers go those who are hurt from the bomb in Boston

You know , just reading stories of amazing people in Boston bawling .

Makes me sick that sickapeadia is making jokes about the boston bombings

We have faith in We will pack into the start to celebrate the survivors in OKC Boston and finish to ho

Boston became my city yesterday afternoon . If anybody needs anything , please , I 'm a listening ear , open arms kind of resource .

we had last night . btw guess who trained the teams in boston to handle a situation like this ?

Wearing a race tee to support Boston

that which some run from , others run towards.prayers for victims.prayers for boston . #BostonMarathon #PrayForBoston

Rep. Young says the Mass. . Guard 's 24th civil support team that responded to Boston bombings slated for disestablishment by DOD

Emerson students have started campaign #BostonStrong in honor of victims . #prayforboston #marathon #boston

Me and All of Boston thank you :-RRB- have a great day Greyson

Wore 1 of my race shirts 4 Boston 2day . I know I 've never ran a marathon but I have several close friends that run all over the country .

President Obama has ordered all flags at half-staff until the 20th to honor the Boston Marathon bombing victims .

Big week for prayers ! OK City Bombing - 4/19/95VT Shooting - 4/16/07Boston Marathon Bombing - 4/15/13

BREAKING : FAA : security issue on board 1716 US Airways flight 1716 Philly To #Boston Airliner on ground

An 8 year old boy was killed in the Boston Marathon bombing yesterday while waiting for his dad to cross the finish l

Boston native Mark Wahlberg expresses horror over marathon tragedy at NY premiere of new film : Mark Wahlberg w

check out this video of Boston looters , peopel need to see this scum

my love is with my original city and first love , Boston . what is going on in this crazy evil world ?

Boston ! Come learn about Ableton before the Music Ecology show at Wonder Bar ! Music Ecology is sponsoring a

, hoping you will plan something to honour those who were in Boston yesterday , whether running or supporting others .

People in Boston are trying to put their lives back together and you 're complaining about stupid crap ? PLEASE spare me !!!! Actually spare us

The reason tragedies like the Boston bombing get news coverage over EVERY SINGLE FALLEN SOLDIER is because these are innocent people who

Boston Bombing : How Google , Social Media And Cloud Bring Hope Amid Tragedy by for

The Boston Marathon bombing : Reactions from around the world : Around the world , foreign leaders have roundly c

Check this : Boston bombs desecrate marathon spirit celebrating human endeavour - Observer -LRB- blog -RRB-

Why I love finish lines #boston #love #support .

Thoughts and prayers for peace in mind , body and spirit for all in Boston . God bless you all .

Love , From New York to Boston - In Focus - The Atlantic

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims of the Boston attack and also to those affected by the earthquake

Thinking and praying for those affected by the tragedy in Boston .

Thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected in the Boston explosions .

crazy how people i personally know were minutes/yards away from the tragedy yesterday . . #KeepPraying #Boston

WISHING OUR SINCERE CONDOLENCES FOR THIS HORRIBLE TRAGEDY Boston Marathon Bombing via

Our thoughts and prayers are with the city of Boston in the wake of this terrible tragedy .

it especially makes me sick with all the violence are world has come to like Boston . #sickening

Filipinos who joined the Boston Marathon are safe . THANK YOU , LORD . THANK YOU . #prayforboston

My thoughts and prayers to Boston . What a sad day .

The playing cards in the game describe some of the disasters that have happened . 9/11 terrorist attack , Denver shooting , the bombs in Boston

Team Skedaddle calls #Boston home and our hearts go out to everyone harmed by this weekend 's tragic events we 'll never

Whoever tried to take that from us . Fuck that . We 'll be out there again next year and the year after that . #Boston

Prayers/thoughts going out to Boston in the aftermath of this tragedy .

April 15th 2013 #Boston attacksApril 15th 2003 Prez . Bush decalres Saddam Hussein 's goverment has fallen #coincidence ? #prayforboston

VIDEO : Explosions at the Boston Marathon - YouTube

My sister thought I got bombed if you really cared you would 've asked me yesterday and would 've known I live 50 minutes away from boston .

Im still upset about what happened at Boston :-LRB- #prayforboston I hope they find who did it !

Boston-Iran-Pakistan . . Bad what happened . . my prayers with the injured killed . . stay united people

Boston : I will donate $ 1 for every mile I walk until the one month anniversary of the bombings . You 're in my steps .

Security increased after explosions in Boston : After Monday 's bombings at the Boston Marathon , there is now in

Rocking my race shirt in support if Boston . Spiced it up a bit to fit dress code .

JLS show support for Boston Bombing -

Ofcourse as soon as I got home the Conspiracy theory guru I live with had to tell me bout boston shit being up on fb days before

Prayers for Boston and the memory of that adorable 8 year old girl .

I feel so selfish not being fully happy with my life while all of these people in Boston are going through much worse things .

Our hearts are heavy this morning with thoughts and prayers going out to everyone in Boston .

People are out there doing bad things to each other . Its time to take the humanity back . #Joestrummer #Boston

Martin Richard : Boston Marathon bombings victim aged 8 was waiting to give father a hug at finish line sick fk world

There were two people who participated in yesterday 's Boston Marathon to raise funds and awareness for suicide http

Free admission to Boston 's Museum of Fine Arts today ; wants to be a place of respite for the community .

Boston Marathon bombing : 176 admitted to area hospitals

8 year old Martin Richard was killed while standing at the finish line to greet his father who had been competing in the Boston Marathon .

Do n't pray for Boston , go out and give blood . Actually do something .

Hope it was an amazing experience in spite of the emergency with the tragedy in Boston . Congratulations and RTR !

Israel offers to send help for Boston while Saudis dance in the streets . Do n't tell me Muslims are about peace .

Sending Boston some NYC love , understanding and prayers .

A Message to My Hometown : Stay strong , Boston - Daily News

We 're proud to be a Boston based company , and wish for the speedy recovery of all those injured in yesterday 's attacks .

GOD LOVES BOSTON BUMPER STICKER from

So a MEDC -LRB- USA , Boston -RRB- has a bombing and its a BIG thing When a LEDC -LRB- Iraq -RRB- has a bombing no one cares #FuckMoney A life is a Creation

Why are there and news vans at Do n't say you 're interviewing about Boston .

Yesterday 's event in #Boston is s/g that people in the MiddleEast have to live with on a daily basis . Some of that is caused by dronestrikes

Condolences to families whom been killed in #Boston explosions . This is very bad appearance . .

The Only Thing I Will Ever Say About What Happened In Boston

Proud of have worked with on her moving essay about running through fear in boston in

Wonder if evil minds behind Boston terrorist attack watch the TV coverage . Are they capable of remorse ? #runwithboston

Loving all the tweets from #bostonfoodtrucks offering free meals or huge discounts to #FirstResponders #bostonstrong #boston

I wear purple all the time , even for the gay community in support , cuz we all human at the end . But today wear purple for Boston

It was a little boy that died in the Boston Marathon NOT a little girl . . stop posting that pic . Its wrong . #smh

1st known photo of the Boston marathon taken in 1904 .

Watch interview Mike Murphy about the Boston Marathon bombings .

My students chimed in w/their favorite things about Boston . A great list . #celebrateboston

Boston 's Professional Athletes Respond To Explosions At Marathon -LRB- TWEETS -RRB-

who is responsible for yesterday in Boston . When i find out im gon na need a shovel

The BAA Boston Marathon tee has always garnered respect . The 2013 shirts are a whole ` nother level .

Delicious tuna , boston lettuce , hard boiled eggs and pistachios for supper last night #twye

Thinking of the unfortunate and innocent victims of nonsense violence at the Boston Marathon .

Palestinians Dancing In The Streets After Boston Terror Attack , Hamas Hand Out Sweets 2 Celebrate

I 'm fine , was just thinking about the events in Boston . Truly sorry for your loss .

so what do you think about boston blast yesterday ? So sad huh : '

White House lowers flag to half mast to honor #Boston victims

#Boston support !! I gave up pockets on my scrubs today for my tech shirt !

If you ca n't reach your friends in Boston , be aware that cell service has been shut down so phones can '

Bombings in Boston affirm what #Angels have felt , that as athletes playing America 's pastime , they could be targets .

I 'll bet money that we talk about Boston today in my mass media class

HA so there are some bitches who said zayn is the one who bombed boston ? LMFAO TELL ME MORE . real mature .

Everyone should just take a deep breath today and count your blessings . My heart hurts for #Boston .

markers are shrinking ! Some good news out of #Boston today !

Haha Why Is it so Ironic that the sandy hook principle supposbly was shot in the sandy hook incident but Is a Boston Bombing victim ? Smh

is saddened by yesterday 's terrible tragedy in our home city of #Boston . Our thoughts and prayers extend to all those involved .

Today we join Boston and the rest of the nation in mourning . The unthinkable has happened yet again .

Grateful my friends in Boston are ok . Hope all you know out there are safe and sound . #PrayersforBoston

Boston Marathon explosions : South Carolinians at the race share their stories : More that 130 people from South

176 victims came to hospitals around Boston , and 17 of those are in critical condition . #bostonmarathon

Plane at Boston airport evacuated due to suspicious package .

turn on channel 4 theres a thing a flight from philly to boston security issue omg

Acts of kindness in Boston following marathon bombing -LRB- via

Family Guy Predicted Boston Marathon Bombing ?! THIS is TOO Ironic !

Join the intuition revolution . Psychic Intelligence # 1 bestseller worldwide via #Boston

Thinking of the people of Boston today . So very senseless .

I feel so sorry too for the people who died in boston yesterday how about you

The courage , unity and strength of the Boston community has been incredible during this horrific tragedy . Love

My heart is still breaking over the senseless loss of that little boy at the Boston Marathon . His mother sister also seriously injured .

Alert raised in US cities after Boston blasts : Isinailalim na rin sa heightened state of alert ang New York ci

i send my prayers to all of those who were hit at the Boston marathon yesteraday

Good morning Tucson . Today we give our blessings to the ones who died at the Boston Bombing yesterday . So this is where the world is . m /

New profile picture I found today . #boston

So , FBI Boston Field Office Special Agent in Charge Richard DesLauriers said Tuesday that there was no known

And bearing witness in Boston is who is no stranger to carnage 9 years after his son died in

People all over #RI are coming to the Blood Center in hopes they can do this one small thing to help all those affected in #Boston #WPRO

disgusting . its bad enough some psycho decided to set off 2 bombs , now someone is trying to make money from it .

Boston police say 176 people were injured in yesterday 's marathon bombing . 17 people are in critical condition and

CNN reporting as Boston Blast but cnnibn as terror returned to America . Differnce between US n our Media .

Read articles about the Boston bombing yesterday , my heart goes out to all the victims and families involved . #PrayForBoston

Security situations developing at Boston Logan and NYC LaGuardia right now - and

Prayed w the kids this morning for victims of Boston tragedy . Taught them to hate the offense but not the offenders to pray they repent .

LIVE : Security incident aboard US Airways flight 1716 at Boston 's Logan Airport - htt

Our president read this quote this morning . Our thoughts and prayers continue for #Boston #prayforboston

I started running 6 months ago , and here 's some lil achievement for Boston . #prayforboston

I do not believe a word heard in that press conference from Boston . That pains me to say it , but I do not . . canned purely canned

#Boston I 'm against the death penalty , but some people just do n't deserve to live in this world .

I feel sorry for the little girl so many repost as being dead after the Boston bombs . She is alive . -LRB- cont -RRB-

-LSB- BIADAB ! -RSB- Explosions at the Boston Marathon : via

Boston deserves a week 's worth of St. Patrick 's Days , on the house .

Our thoughts and prayers are with the city of Boston and all those affected .

More than 170 injured in Boston Marathon blast : Officials plead for the public 's help with videos and photographs . h

There were a few rushed tweets last night on #Boston we all must have the latest news , even if the latest news in incorrect ?

Boston is strong because of community . Thank you , #BostonIsStrong

IU students recount Boston blasts

I know we should pray for Boston but should n't we also be praying for the armed forces that are down range risking the

Still on the hunt for PR / Marketing interns for the May 13 - June 28 session . Interning from our Monarch Lofts Boston offi

Iran condemns civilian deaths in Boston blasts - Press TV

Everybody wear something blue today in honor of the Boston marathon victims

My heart goes out to #Boston -LRB- where I grew up -RRB- to everyone affected by the Boston marathon explosions

Seeing the Terror in Boston on the Today Show is making me so sad and worried of what else we do n't see coming .

Pray for Boston . Pray for Iran . from Japan

Boston - The Evil That Men Do | A Bear 's Rant via

Come in after 4 today and celebrate our sister city . Cocktails will include Boston Sours and Back Bay Breezes .

just wanted that thank you for the perspective you 've given on the tragedy that happened in Boston yesterday . #salute

people complaining that people are writing sympathetic status 's about Boston and not about other deaths in the world #no #justno

FBI seeks images in Boston Marathon bomb inquiry : of another terrorist attack on U.S #terrorism #security

, showin love n respect to Boston , from us in OKC . . Heard ya on Reverb . . Keep Pushin Bruh . . # 5to # 5 #prayforboston

More heros . Boston Marathon : Participants Finish and Run to Hospital to Give Blood #moreheros

My heart goes out to all those killedinjured in the Boston bombing xxxxx

President Obama says flags will be flown at half staff today in honor of those injured and killed in Boston .

Our hearts and our prayers go out to Boston , especially to those who were injured and those who lost loved ones .

Please do me a favor re #Boston bombings and Govt in general - no new laws , no blue ribbon panels , no inquiries . #tlot #tcot #NRA #p2 #sgp

Bright side to all of this mess . Did n't motorboat anyone 's #bewbs last night , but there 's always the make up date in Boston !!!

Every time I hear about mass shootings , nuclear bombs , and the terror in our world I 'm beyond speechless and disappointed #prayforboston

PAEA responds to tragic bombings at Boston Marathon .

watching the news is making me sick to my stomach . Boston is so close to my heart #prayingforBoston

Drive from 4 : Boston Marathon bombings latest . Alps coach crash . Iran earthquake . Thatcher funeral update . Listen htt

Good Morning friends and family , we extend our prayers to those affected by the Boston Bombing . One World United

Boston bomb suspect in custody with Miranda rights lawyers . Anyone for waterboarding ? #college #women #tcot #tlot

All flights grounded in #boston ! Found a suspicious package on a plane at Logan Airport ! Plane evacuated ! Happening now !

Boston people sent Coca and Pizza for Doctors who trying to help Explosion 's Victims in HospitalsRESPECT .

MT Know this : Boston is strong , and the running community is unified . We will persevere , prosper , an

RT Boston deserves a week 's worth of St. Patrick 's Days , on the house .

One pray for the people from Boston !

Hope everyone that runs the london marathon on sunday is safe #Boston

My full support to the victims and injuries in the #Boston marathon . Dreadful news .

Absolute shock over Boston bombing . Proud 2C many victims are being treated at Mass General Hospital , one of my fav clients a stellar org !

If Westboro baptist church tries to picket the funerals of these victims in Boston , something tells me they wo n't be leaving walking

I retweeted a picture from a reporter last night of a guy getting arrested in a park in Boston and now the profiles no longer there #Mad

Boston Marathon Truthers Begin Conspiracy Theories - Conservative Byte via

We all pray for those affected by the tragedy in Boston .

And to make such a HATEFUL comment against BOSTON , USA b/c U feel Africa is not getting enough attenton0 ____ 0

Obama orders flags lowered after Boston explosions

Sorry . But how can it be zayn maliks fault because of the Boston explosion ! NO ! Get a life . Muslims do not kill :|

GROUND STOP ordered at Logan Airport in #Boston , per the Federal Aviation Administration . #BOS #travel

APA Member Elspeth Cameron Ritchie , M.D. talks about the Mental Fallout from the Boston Bombings

KU students launch ` Hawks for Boston ' fundraising effort .

Emotional photo of couple reuniting after Boston Marathon explosions

Yup , it happened in Boston this morning . Two men were speaking Arabic and the plane returned to the gate .

I ai n't hating on Boston no one should go through that . But I am hating on Americans for allowing us to kill little babes . Open your eyes .

Boston Hospital : Critical Patients ` probably Will be Okay ' : Boston Hospital : Critical Patients ` probably Will

Hard to believe the evil in today 's world - heart goes out to those affected in Boston . I hope justice is delivered .

From Nike and Adidas at the Boston Marathon to live chat Tuesday , here 's today 's Oregonian biz roundup :

I just saw that pledged to donate $ 100 for every catch and $ 200 for every dropped pass for the Boston marathon relief

#Prague Prague police enhance security at US embassy after Boston bombs - Czech Happenings #Praha

Message from 8 year old killed in the #boston bombing . Let 's live by his message by not letting the bombing cause

Block from Boston Marathon finish lineabout as close as you can get

My younger brother is exploring how there are conspiracies surrounding Boston . Welcome to the dark side , my dear brother . Good to see you .

ABC Action news is looking for our help . Several Bay area runners that registered for the Boston Marathon never

Stopped mid run to pray and take a pic to honor #boston #run #forthosewhocant #runlove

#Boston #Marathon bombs : The cowboy-hatted hero with the tragic past #WorldNews

Patton Oswalt sums up my reaction to Boston better than I could :

The Psychological Impact of Boston Attacks on Non-Bostonians #PsychToday #Psychology #MentalHealth #Health #Terrorism

Good morning dear friends . Sending out lots of love and prayers to everyone in Boston and our #YandR_CBS #GetGlue

I love how people are making this Boston thing into a big deal yet more Palestinian children in the Middle East die everyday , wow .

saddened . . Report : 8-year-old boy killed in Boston Marathon blasts identified via

perspective can be so tough , plenty of thoughts and prayers for boston and you and your mother

What happened in Boston is tragic but what is more tragic is ppl in Palestine/Syria killed daily and people do n't bother . What a cruel world

Praying for those who affected by the Boston Marathon Explosion .

That whole Boston Marathon thing has me all shook up #prayforboston

OM Magazine united stands with Boston

This is the only tweet I 'm going to make about it ; best wishes to everyone in Boston , hope it only gets better for you all .

Just a friendly PSA following the Boston bombing . Let 's not make the tragedy worse with ignorance .

A different kind of #Boston live blog : all the stories of heroism and kindness , as we get them :

The tragedy in Boston and the anniversary of the Virginia Tech tragedy are a reminder that life is finite . Do n't assume you have more time .

London Marathon Chief Exec Nick Bitel tells Sky News ` People will not be cowed by these cowardly acts ' #Boston

Snoqualmie Man Among Many Locals In Boston During Marathon Bombing via

We are praying for those who are effected by yesterdays tragedy in Boston ! May the Lord be with those effected and

As cell phones fail , people search for loved ones after Boston Marathon bombing using Google 's ` person finder '

Our hearts are heavy and broken over yesterday 's events in Boston . Praying for peace that passes understanding to env

all of the saudi people scared for boston cuz of their son 's and u say saudi man do that r u crazy who kill he 's bro !!!

ANY NEWS WHO MESSED UP BOSTON RUN YESTERDAY HAVE THEY NAMED THEMSELVES THE ANIMALS THAT DID THAT GOD BLESS ALL WHO WERE THERE XXX

All the first responders , in Boston , who rushed into harm 's way immediately following the first explosi

We hope you join in our Gamecocks Run for Boston event this Thurs. at 6 pm . Details here :

Our deep sympathy , prayers and concern to the victims of Boston Marathon blast and the Boston community . #PhilippinesLove

The Salvation Army is providing support to survivors and first responders in Boston , after yesterday 's explosions . Prayers .

I 'm at Terminal B - -LRB- Boston , MA -RRB- w / 2 others

Welcome home Michigan runners ! We are thankful you are safe ! Our thoughts and prayers are with Boston .

BOSTON : US Airways Flight from Philadelphia to Boston were stopped on the runway at Boston 's Logan airport due to a suspicious Passenger .

We lose soldiers everyday in Iraq and do n't have anything for them but two people die in Boston and were all supporting them ? Come on people

Boston Public Library - Although the Central Library in Copley Square is closed today , all other branches of

Just saw the pic of the 8 yr old boy killed in #Boston . His mom got a brain injury and his sister lost a leg . Om Mani Pedme

My heart and my prayers go out to the families and the victims of the Boston Marathon bombing .

Shiann thought the Boston marathon was a gas station ahahahhahhahahahaahaha oh my god

Agreed on not messing with Boston . Here 's a billboard in honor of our heart .

Our thoughts are with everyone affected by the incidents in Boston . Let 's stand together as run

Obama : ` The American people will say a prayer for Boston '

my heart absolutely broke to hear about what happened in Boston

Latest Boston Marathon updates from Boston 's

Hubby got projectile pooped on this morning . After the sad news out of Boston yesterday , it was some welcomed humor .

Boston yesterday and now people shooting themselves at school .

Anyone wan na tell me about this Boston bombing ? #confused

Shits crazy revere is a connection to Boston bombing

I was very saddened by the news in my college town of Boston yesterday . As a student , I have wonderful memories

Our prayers for all the people of Boston , and for all of us . May the peace of Christ be with us all .

From in Boston : Spoke to US Congressman Stephen Lynch . He spent last night with family of 8 yr old killed at #BostonMarathon .

I hoped for experiences in a sophisticated walking city like Boston . Cuban lovers . The swing dance revival .

Its the Illumanti there was a facebook page from two years ago called the tragedy in boston and it was the bombing

Ok this is getting out of hand We see the tragedy in Boston Why send a bomb threat to Westbury HS ? What kindof coward goes after kids ?

Who is this person walking on roof when bombs went off ?

Next you gone hear about them finding the poor man them gone blame the Boston shit on smh

Super glad my boo thang is okay though . . I been scared since I heard about the Boston explosions

They need to stop playing the explosion at Boston over over again . . It 's giving whoever done the bomb satisfaction . Dumbasses .

Security Changes Underway Following Boston Bombings via

It 's truly difficult to understand how someone could take the Boston Marathon - something so positive and a

The pic is my son me after the Boston half marathon in 2008 . Terrorists take one day , but not every day .

cbsnewyork : BC Morning Show : Caller Recalls The Tragic Events In Boston #nyc

This is the REAL Spirit of America !! Boston Marathon explosions attract outpouring of help from city 's residents -

Fucking people are calling zayn terrorist because of the blast in Boston and because he is a muslim !!

Soo Doe 's anyone else got a Dirt bike tryna Ride Today ? in Boston

Six Westfield Residents Listed Among Runners in Boston Marathon - Westfield ,

FBI seeks images in deadly Boston attack - Apr 16 AM ET

It 's difficult to believe that the MB would put Egypt at risk if it was to b involved in Boston attack .

How do we pray after Boston ?

You 're reporting on Chip Kelly 's brother being a marathoner but he was n't at Boston . Seriously ? You can do better . #prayforboston

Walk or run 26.2 minutes today in honor of those affected by the events in Boston . Please RT to s

r.i.p the people who died during the marathon in Boston x

Gon na be difficult to walk fine line with NYK/Boston coming up , but as we get to Sat , you beat ur ass its still #Knickstape and Buck Foston !

BREAKING : US Airways Flight 1716 stopped on ground at #Boston 's Logan Airport for security via

BREAKING NEWS : Two Explosions Take Place Near Finish Line of the Boston Marathon

I feel bad for all the people who lost lives in the boston bombing but the fact that this one tiny incident is overshadowing whats been -LRB- c -RRB-

Still cant believe that happen So sad for those runners that will affected But running Boston Mara , is ALWAYS my dream

Really ? What else can happen there ? Yesterday Boston and today earth quakes ?

Wow , #CarlosArredondo , what an incredible journey from the brink . #Boston

Boston terrorism attack followed by Iran Earthquake . Omg ! My pray goes out to all those who were affected ! #Iran #BostonMarathon

Sending light and love to Boston . Sending prayers of comfort to those impacted #boston

RW crazies ca n't resist chance to exploit ! Laura Ingraham Uses Boston Bombing To Stoke Fears About #ImmigrationReform

#Sabres Regier Team plans to travel to Boston . Still does n't have confirmation from league on status of game

Im gon na run the Boston marathon one day . .

Appeal for help in tracking down Boston bomber

These people sharing the picture of the girl ` who died in the boston marathon ' need to get a grip . Firstly it was a 8 year old boy .

Stay strong and Safe Boston . . Peace .

Witness describes Boston Marathon bombings : Witness Kyle Pinto describes the horrific scene of the Boston Mara

At Reagan National Airport DC en route to Boston . Very visible police presence outside terminal .

The Brooklyn Academy of Music in New York projects an inspiring message for Boston . Our hearts go out to all those

GLP : I 'm sorry but this needs it 's own thread , Boston Picture Puzzle !!! PIN !!!

1D World Boston has been temporarily closed . -LRB- Via : ~ Nicole

Our thoughts are with the victims of the tragedy in Boston . Great respect for companies like Google and helping out where they can .

Tryna look for any youth poetry night events in the Boston area n I ca n't find anything close . Fustrated

My heart goes out to the people involved in the Boston marathon explosion #praying

#Zayndirectionersarealwayshereforyou CHIAMARLO TERRORISTA E DARGLI LA COLPA PERCHE ' ` HA MESSO UNA BOMBA A BOSTON ' VI RENDETE CONTO ?

Boston Marathon Stuff That Was Really Hard to Read , But Worth Reading All the Same . -LRB- This list will grow . -RRB-

Surprised that no one tried to use Boston as a pro/anti gun control argument .

But please show me how involved he is with what happened in Boston , and okay it happened in the U.S but that 's not the only

The Boston Marathon finish line was dedicated to those lost in Newtown and someone decided to blow it up . #disgusted #somuchhate #saddening

On behalf of Tiny Tots , our thoughts and prayers are with all of those affected by the tragic events that took place in Boston yesterday

Do y' all really be praying for Boston or just tweeting that ?

Boston retailers taking precautions after yesterday 's bombings , WWD reports .

Wearing blue race shirt today to honor Boston running community #PrayforBoston ht

Menino banned Chickfila from Boston because they 're anti-gay , does Westboro really think they have a chance ?

The Boston Marathon Finish line . Public Library

As we try 2 piece 2gether the attacks in #Boston . . Ca n't forget yet another senseless act that affected #virginiatech - 6 yrs ago 2day .

I woke up today and everything seemed so normal until I remembered Boston . And is this it , is this normal ? A new terror every other week ?

S/O !!!!! Killed it tonight at Church Boston !!!

What the F * CK is wrong with people today !?!? Everyone who was affected by the bombing in Boston my heart is all

Top 10 deadliest bombings on U.S. soil |

The story behind a touching photo taken after the Boston Marathon bombing

While everyone is praying and tweeting about Boston tragedy , Drake Bell is tweeting hating on Justin . It proves how immature rude he is .

Check the UDK today for the story on the tragedy that struck the Boston marathon yesterday afternoon . There is also a QR code to donate !

Obama To Make Statement On Boston Bombings At 11:30 Am Edt-White House

I 'm loving these Boston accents though

my friend who was at the Boston race said she was okay , just a broken arm . #thankgod #stillprayingforboston

Thoughts and prayers going out to the families in Boston .

Report : FAA announces ground stop at Boston 's Logan Airport until further notice -

The and the City of Chicago have certainly gained a fan . #standingtogether #respect #thankyou #Boston

Presidential Proclamation -- Honoring the victims of the tragedy in Boston , Massachusetts :

There are no words that can possibly express the sadness we feel about what happened in Boston . Today and every

There was an explosion in Boston ? Poor people , we do not live in a sane world

My sincere regards to my American brothers and sisters #Boston

for the win Patton Oswalt Responds To The Boston Marathon Explosions Better Than We Ever Could via

For Better Or Worse my Boston fanboyscreamed out , why the white sox ! the better years were THE RED SOX lol

- Please pray for the Victims in Boston via

For safety reasons the 1DWorld in Boston has been temporarily closed . Please stay safe guys ! -LRB- via

Watch live video from #Boston Logan Airport via

Glenn Greenwald perceptive on the Boston Bombing and how it produced familiar and revealing reactions via

RIP Martin Richard , the 8 year old boy who died at the Boston Marathon .

House said events in Boston speak to the importance of being prepared #alpolitics

Coming up on #kentdrive - A Penshurst man who was running in yesterday 's Boston marathon tells us his story .

R.I.P to those who died in boston the other day . Looks like terrorism will never end . How could they be so heartless to do this

Hoping everyone in Boston is on the road to recovery today and all of the first responders are getting much needed rest .

My thoughts are with everyone effected in yesterday 's tragedy in Boston

My prayers go out to all the people that got hurt in the Boston explosion and to the families who lost someone special #prayforboston

Hero of the Boston bombings : Father who lost his son in Iraq saved lives after blasts rocked his home city

In response to Boston - We do n't need hate - Love is the only Answer - Send Prayers to Everyone - Especially those who mean to do harm .

Yeah , it was sad what happened in Boston , but much worse happen in other countries never get this much attention . SMH bigwigism it is .

FYI , is holding drive today with proceeds going towards Boston relief . Membership has been opened if you 've just been lurking

In times of tragedy , we see the good in people . Thinking of Boston :

Multiple bombings across Boston and Iraq all on the one-year anniversary of the Taliban 's attacks upon Afghanistan . Coincidence . . ?

Joe Sherwood here . BREAKING : US Air flight with suspicious package returns to Boston Logan , FAA issues ground stop .

Niall send some love to Boston pls

ChicagoTribune dedicates the front of the sports page to Boston today - The dedicates the

Security incident on US Airways flight 1716 . Right now . Airliner on tarmac in Boston . From

Boston Marathon Bombing | Fox Bill O'Reilly Responds Obama | Mediaite

My six minutes on this morning talking about Boston and the global marathon .

I am deeply saddened by the Boston bombings :'-LRB-

I 'm speechless at the reactions this Boston tragedy has created . Only wish people would react to massacres in Syria , Palestine , Congo

so in iran/pakistan are now more than 40 dead people and all you talk about are the 4 dead people in boston . alright .

The 1D World in Boston has been temporarily closed !! -LSB- via -RSB- twitter , , Anne 3

Smdh do n't pray for Kobe , he 'll be coool , pray for those in Boston

I 've never donated blood but today that might just change ! #DoingItForMyCity #Boston

I 'm not going to class todayy , do n't wan na be in Boston right now

Fox News : two Arabic speaking men escorted from airplane in Boston #Boston

Idk how everyone 's taking that Boston bombing so lightly , um we should be taking it as a sign that something bad is coming

WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- -- President Obama to deliver a statement on the Boston Marathon explosions at 10:30 a.m.

BREAKING : US Air flight with suspicious package returns to Boston Logan , FAA issues ground stop .

Rapid Fire Rant : It would be too easy to point out the negatives at the Boston Marathon . Instead , I choose to see

Yall gon na use that boston bombing for as long as y' all can for some RTs

cnn : Appeal for help in tracking down Boston bomber : Investigators plead for help in hunting down t #albarjeel

Why is it necessary to make an account about Boston , just a bunch of self centred kids wanting retweets

Boston Marathon bombs similar to Bill Ayers ' Weather Undergound nail bomb #tcot #bostonmarathon #terr

Terror invades the Boston Marathon , limiting our freedom again

Thank God Donnie ! :-LRB- I was volunteering yesterday a block away , it was awful . Praying for Boston ! ThanksD !

Photo : 5 miles for Boston this morning . #purple post-run lay #opacup #propdown #nike #nikebasketball

Sincerely hope that out of Boston 's tragedy , some good may arise - bridging socio-political divides and bringing people together in the US .

Kudos to for highlighting victims , heroes on #Boston instead of pointing fingers unjustly #Pray4Boston

President Obama to deliver statement on Boston Marathon explosions at 11:30 a.m. ; we will carry this live on NECN and

Out thoughts are with all of the remarkable people who are helping Boston recover . Thank you .

still a bit hazy about Boston . knp dorg kena bom ??? o.o

Talking about Boston in both of my classes today #PrayersForBoston

Flag at half staff at Sprayberry HS in Marietta . #Boston

I am back from Boston and I am doing well . Good to be back home after this tragedy :--LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Thanks for all the http

WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- -- President Obama to deliver a statement on the Boston Marathon explosions at 10:30 a.m. central .

Boston Bombings : Ferguson ` Sick of This S -- ' as Kimmel and Boston-Born Conan Vent Sorrow -LRB- Video -RRB- #hollywood

NKOTB Concert Tickets for June 2nd 2013 in Boston MA at TD Garden #nkotb #thepackagetour

Thank you ALL for my Birthday Wishes , just wish it was a happier day for Boston , praying for them and everyone involved .

Good morning . Yes , I knew What happened in Boston on TV . I pray for the victims . I will go to bed . Have a nice day

UGH . . MT I might cancel my US summer trip - Boston plane brought back bcs passengers spoke Arabic

Calling another massive 1D sleepover at my house in England for everyone in Boston ! Stay safe xxxx

To everyone who 's comparing the tragedy in Boston to events in other parts of the world , stop . It 's not a competition . # s

Us airway flight evacuated on Tarmac in Boston Be safe friends

You make me smile and laugh , Although It is kinda sad today cause of what happend in Boston #Prayforboston

FBI SEEKING PHOTOS FROM ANYONE WITH STRANGE BEHAVIOR OR CLUES IN BOSTON!News from The Associated -LRB- cont -RRB-

What I told my kids about Boston #prayforboston

The Boston Marathon , an event that was dedicated to the victims of Newtown , became a site of terror at the very

DWTS Pays Respects to Boston Bombing Victims via

the weak/waffling WH response to Boston is being noticed by North Korea and Iran , by drug cartels , everybody ! This is not good

God allowed us to rise today and see our friends and families , prayers to those that slept and woke with a missing family member . #Boston

. to speak on Boston Marathon bombings . We 'll have it live .

For every injured limb-we feel deeper and stand stronger Boston , New York stands with you = USA

Boston explosion coverage interrupted all but about 15 minutes of last night 's broadcast !

Know this : Boston is strong , and the running community is unified . We will persevere , prosper , and we will run again .

havent been in contact with any . But if ur referring to abuse or racial behaviors , i can assure u Boston wont be the place for it

Boston police have a jet surrounded at the Boston airport . I hope the bastard responsible is in there

Fuck ALL of you that are playing the blame game for the tragedy in Boston . What matters is that we 're here for our friends and nation .

R.I.P to everyone who died in Boston :-LRB- #pray4boston

I dont care how many reports they come out with about the Boston Marathon bombin we will never kno the truth ! 2 many stories !

Glad you guys are safe ! Praise Jesus and I 'm praying for Boston !

yeah , i 'm fine ! :-RRB- so sad too for boston :-LRB- do you have line or whatsapp ??

Helping Boston remember its good . / / t.co / CKucLUuFAk #bostonmarathon #glam

We have staff who have run in the London and Brighton Marathons . Our thoughts are with the victims , families and people of Boston .

I am going running today as a small sign of support for Boston . I encourage you all to do the same .

President Obama to deliver a statement on the Boston Marathon explosions at 11:30 am . WATCH LIVE :

u ok ? I know u stay in Boston that 's why I 'm asking

New York has been great ; heading to Boston now .

Praying for all of the victims in Boston and the entire country ! #prayforboston #onenation

Sending warm thoughts of hope and healing to all of those in Boston today !

So , how does a semicolon represent Boston

Praying for Boston . So sad ! Only God knows why .

This world angers , frightens , and confuses me ; The culmination which provokes me to love and serve my fellow man all the more . #Boston

BREAKING : President Obama to make statement on Boston bombings at 10:30 . Hear it live on FM 102.3 NewsTalk KRMG

Nurses jump into action after Boston explosion

Our hearts are with everyone in Boston today . Let 's not let this tragedy overpower the fact many run for charities

BREAKING : President Barrack Obama to give a statement on Boston Marathon explossion at 1 Am Kenyan time

Obama not calling Boston bombing ` terrorism ' sparks controversy via

Inevitability was the saddest point . The gruesome scenes after the explosions in Boston were almost bound to happen .

Keeping Boston in our prayers this morning . God give them healing and love in this difficult time .

Feel so pathetic to those victims in Boston .

Obama does n't want the fact that an Islamic bomber hit Boston - fix the everyone else instead of the problem - how he does his gun control !

The Boston blast is OF COURSE the first step in a coordinated worldwide attack on organised athletics #PrayfortheKingsLangleyFunRun

If you 're in Boston , have family there , or are just having a rough time right now DM me please . We 're here for each

Now a plane was grounded in Boston because two guys were speaking Arabic . Unbelievable . If you 're brown skinned , just avoid America .

Happy that all my friends are safe ; and saddened by the chaos and injury from #Boston yesterday

Boston does n't even feel the same right now .

Yup lots of hate today on twitter most misplaced as always lets get some facts before we start going off #Boston

just seen all tweets about Boston bombing I am really shocked

Martin Richard , 8 , killed in Boston Marathon bombing : In Dorchester , friends and family of Martin Richard , 8 ,

We hope our nation can stay strong after the tragedy that occurred in Boston yesterday . Our thoughts and prayers

Be praying for Boston horrible What happen yesterday

people keeping blaming muslims for what happen to people in Boston . but we still praying for them . Muslims are n't terr

Lets continue to pray for Boston 's affected families

Boston is an example of how well gov can protect you . Violence can occur anytime/anywhere , gov will NOT be there but they want you unarmed .

Notice how the suspect in Boston is a black man . Obama making statement soon . I smell shenanigans .

#Boston , my old hometown . Thinking of you today .

#conspiracy theories about Boston Mthn are the fools ' way of making sense of such tragedies . Bet you did it for #newtown too . and # 9/11

New : Senators returns home after Boston trip ; face Hurricanes #TSN #NHL

Yo Sports Stuff : NBA cancels Celtics game after Boston Marathon attack : The postponement of Monday night 's NHL

The thoughts and prayers of this fan are with you all up there in The Olde Towne . #Boston #courage

President Obama to make a statement on the Boston explosions at 4.30 pm -LRB- UK time -RRB- . BBC News Channel and Radio 5Live to hear it live .

no , but there 's something going on at Boston airport at the moment

Obama Honors Victims of Boston Tragedy #Orlando #Florida #News

Kawawa yung guy sa Boston Marathon na magppropose sana sa Gf niya , which died sa explosions aw

The number of people who were hurt in the bombings in #Boston yesterday has now risen to 176 .

Ben Revere was thinking about Boston last night . -LRB- via

Thinking of the families affected by the cowardice attack in #Boston yesterday

#Boston In London , England , post the 7/7 bombings , all trash cans were removed from the streets . There are none to be found .

Newtown families encounter tragedy once more at Boston Marathon via ` here ya go . ' :-RRB-

nope , no plan for Boston . Yeah , news channels are still broadcasting about that too . Thanks , Sis ^ ^

Bursts of information that wo n't fit in tweets . Frequent Boston updates here

Our hearts go out to those affected by the events in Boston yesterday .

Glenn Beck says Boston bombing must have been carried out by Muslims b/c Americans always target the government : htt

President Barack Obama will deliver a statement on the Boston Marathon explosions from the White House at 11:30

So many questions surrounding the Boston Marathon tragedy , including : How do we move on ?

proudly wearing my Bruins shirt and my Boston Marathon jacket today . I love my city .

Cities Solace Boston With Heartfelt Displays : Buildings in Boston and New York were lit u via

74-year-old Chattanoogan 's 24th Boston Marathon cut short by explosion :

New York on alert after Boston explosions -LRB- Video -RRB- #travel

In light of the tragic events yesterday at the marathon , we have canceled today 's #LikeableChat . Our thoughts and pra

-LSB- Big Photo -RSB- Love , From New York to Boston

Your image of Boston makes me feel both ecstatic that you were there , and sad that your kin have suffered so much .

#Ryerson experts can talk policing issues following Boston bombing , Toronto exec . committee voting on casino today

If The Boston Bombers Are Saudi Al Qaeda -LRB- If If If -RRB- : Will the Saudi government stop and think ? The Saudi

Much love to everyone in #Boston Thoughts and prayers are with you . #Hometown

I guess after this #Boston bombing it will be a crime to talk in Arabic !

RT Tragic events in Boston.My thoughts are w/the victims.here 's a special place in hell 4 the cowards who did this

Prayers going out to all our dear friends in Boston - this was us shipping up #pray4boston #

So to date , Obama has given the Palestinians over 1.4 billion while they dance in the streets of Gaza over Boston

My deepest condolences for Boston marathon bombing that happen in your country USA , may God always bless America and its ppl !

Neighbors recall Boston marathon bombing victim , 8 : His mother and sister were also badly injured . U.S. Rep. S

Family guy predicts Boston marathon Bombing : via

Sending all our love , prayers , and positive thoughts to the people of Boston ! Triumph will come .

Prayers out to all da boston victims n there families

-LRB- 04/15/2013 -RRB- Tribute To The Victims Of The Boston Marathon Bombings -LRB- Pra : via

Boston columnist : ` This was an attack on family ' - The Guardian Boston columnist : ` This

People wanted to shit talk about Boston now everyone is worrying about Boston .

I got my purple on for boston !! Do you ?

Westboro Baptist Church says it will picket funerals of Boston victims , says bombs were result of state 's passage of gay

I 'm curious , how many of you people actually prayed for Boston ? Only tweeting #prayforboston does n't make you a good person

Reports too now , that a passenger plane has been quarantined at #Boston 's Logan Airport following some sort of security issue .

POLICE SURROUND US AIRWAYS PLANE AT BOSTON LOGAN AIRPO / / t.co / uSSKg3CGCS

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families in Boston as they deal with the terrible tragedy that happened

Today 's newspaper front pages from the U.S. and around the world . #Boston

You just do n't mess with Boston : #boston

Update : No other bombs found at Boston Marathon explosion

the Boston bombing was indeed horrible , but I agree , what about N. Korea ?! All of a sudden that 's not important ! that 's SCARY !

When your watching the news and you see people taking pictures with the SWAT team #boston

FBI at BIDMC , Boston police at bus stop .

put my shot of NS ' red/white/blue train up for Boston . :-RRB-

# 18 - Detectives last night raided a home in Boston in connection with the explosions at yesterday 's marathon

Smart read by -- Boston bombings shatter a national sense of safety

Just because this is in USA so it is more of a big deal . . Gaza kena serang lgi teruk drpd Boston 2 . .

Gaurdian-Tec the Boston Marathon explosions reveal the two sides of Twitter | Simon Ricketts : For breaki

them reporting on the Boston injuries and deaths yesterday , when they 're meant to be a tech site .

But we are both okay , so it 's time to help others affected . Make sure you donate blood to help others in need ! Whether in Boston or not xx

Much love boston !! No one should have to go through that

Keep calm and Pray for the Boston Marathon

President Obama will speak at the White House at 11:30 am about the Boston Marathon bombings .

I am 21/2 hours from boston and everything in newengland is being effected . . very sad . . i am praying for families of people who were there . .

Newspapers doing real reporting , writing abt #Boston ; that work deserves fair compensation , no copyright infringement #respectjournalism

Classy : Boston 's will limit social media use over next few days and wo n't promote brand . #silence

Times like these remind us to be thankful for our loved ones . It also helps us to remember that there is always more to pray for . #Boston

Man This is going to bring every Boston sports team together . The Boston Celtics will rise to the occasion

Lol to whatever happened to Boston was nothing .

Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone affected by the Boston bombings

Just had a fantastic interview with an explosives expert for a story on the Boston marathon bombing for

I seriously cried after I found out about wat happened in Boston .

Although incredibly horrible + despicable , Boston also makes you think about attn . to similar + oft . worse happenings in other countries

The President will deliver remarks regarding the Boston Marathon bombings at 11:30 will carry it live .

With all our hearts and prayers , we remember the horrid event at the Boston Marathon yesterday . God comfort all affected .

Zayn bombed Boston ? Bitch please , he was n't even THERE . #ZaynDirectionersAreAlwaysHereForYou #staystrongbabe

The person who Bombed Boston is n't wearing a Turban , they 're probably wearing cowboy boots , ride 4 wheelers and drives a pickup #UniteBlue

Yesterday in the wake of tragedy in Boston 400 Army national guard descended immediately upon the city to provide

#BREAKING TFR -LRB- Temporary Flight Restrictions -RRB- in effect over Boston until further notice , according to the FAA

You can get updates throughout today out of Boston #EJlive

The Boston bombing reminds me of wen that bomb went off in ATL during 1996 Olympics real talk

Boston native Mark Wahlberg expresses horror over marathon tragedy at NY premiere of new film : Mark Wahlberg was

President Obama to speak to the Nation at 11:30 regarding the #BostonMarathon #BreakingNews #Boston

Apologies , I do n't mean to be insensitive for the tragedy that occurred in Boston . Only some of the ` inevitable ' reactions .

Boston Striking mutual aid box 8217 for a working fire assignment in the City of Somerville for 70 Holland St

Prayers and heartfelt thoughts go out to those who lost lives or loved ones in Boston yesterday . God bless .

Nothings better than #PrayforBoston since two people dyed with a bomb , while yesterday in Bagdad a bomb exploded and killed 32 people .

Our ENB family extends heartfelt condolences to the victims and families of the Boston Marathon bombing .

Actually , it 's not . I read the plot for Turban Cowboy , and it 's all in there . The Boston part was a flashback , but still in there .

Danny Amendola wants to do his part . In the aftermath of the terror bombings near the finish line of the Boston Marathon on Monday aftern . .

At noon : Local reaction to the twin bombings yesterday in Boston , with Rep.

Please retweet this . Please lower your American flags to half-staff for the victims of the Boston bombing .

Thank you , from the Boston sports people , fans and the immediate metro Boston in general.-New England

Did you hear about what happened in Boston ? It was horrible !!! And I only live an hour away from Boston .

Boston police say it 's too early to say who was behind the bombing , last night you both reported it was terrorist

Our hearts are saddened by the senseless tragedy in Boston yesterday . Even more heartbreaking , the hype and

President Obama to speak at 11:30 on Boston Marathon Bombings :

#kpop K-pop celebrities come forward to pray for Boston : As most of you have already heard , two bombs exploded

My thoughts and prayers are with all the families , volunteers and doctors in Boston .

Boston recap written by friend of RUSA Webmaster 's Bill Mary .

I ca n't even formally talk to my mum bcuz her brain and attention has been thru the victims of Boston and its all over the news !

In every darkness there will always be a light that will shine through . Praying for Boston . xx

This is the child who lost his life yesterday at the Boston Marathon , Martin Richards . He loved to climb trees in

Proud of my 26.2 and the friends and family that stand , cry , cheer and run with me . #Boston

I DONT THINK ITS BOSTON SPECIFICALLY I THINK ITS BECAUSE THERE WAS SUCH A LARGE GATHERING OF PEOPLE AND ITS SO WELL KNOWN

Sports are supposed to be a distraction and something that fans can rally around from horrific incidents like the Boston bombing

Massachusetts candidate took in stranded after Boston Marathon blasts

Bad time for travelling in North America . Queueing will trend soon or later #Boston

Digital Forensics and the Boston Bomb Probe : It was only on April 6th that we gave a plenary prese #ediscovery

Awh thats fuckin terrible ! couldnt stop thinkin about what happened in boston !!! whoever did that should go fuckin rot in hell ! #rip #pray

The Boston Bombing = Return of Conspiracy Theories

Both the ICA and the MFA are free today in hopes of being a place of comfort refuge for Boston .

This morning 's graphic Boston Globe front page - ` Marathon terror ' :

We are waiving cancellation fees for all #Boston - related travel #BostonCoach

Cant write much this morning its like what goes on in our business is great but we cant ignore Boston we cant act like it did not happen

GMA : Tragedy At Boston Marathon Who Is Responsible For the Bombings ?

THe bombing in Boston , domestic or otherwise it was an act of terrorism !

The bombings in Boston are an awful thing . There is no need to make jokes about it

HEY ! I found a nice Boston Tribute video song that I think people need to see !

Sending you and the city of Boston our thoughts and well wishes . Hope you 're all ok .

I 'm actually thinking about running the Boston Marathon next year . Anybody down ?

We 're back to special coverage about the Boston Marathon now . They 'll provide live coverage of The President at 11:30

is spending all of this coming season making donations for the #Boston relief effort . What a fantastic guy . :-RRB- Kudos to you !

Incredible story - Boston Marathon bombs : The cowboy-hatted hero with the tragic past

Coming at 11:30 a.m. on Obama speaks on Boston bombings #BostonMarathon

#Boston is my home , she 's a city w the most passionate resilient citizens I have ever seen . Healing ride

Watch President Obama 's 10:30 a.m. statement on the Boston bombings here :

Its crazy how everyone always talks shit about boston , and wants to leave , now all of a sudden everyone loves their ci

Ryan Miller should skate onto the ice 2moro in #Boston wrapped in the USA flag . Show the world we 're unified #NHL #USA

Good morning . #ijs im disgusted by all the fake Boston pix and stories online . People couldnt wait to create memes yet zero facts #dishonor

News vans line streets outside #Boston hospitals . I listen to the radio as Bostonians reflect on tragedy and resilience . I want to run 2014

Boston Marathon.Taking over streets.Streets are for Automobiles not for Track/Bicycles . All Marathons should be held in a Sports Stadium.DC .

Rancid - Old Friend : via #RANCIDSONGOFTHEDAY LIVE AT THE AVALON , BOSTON #PUNKROCK #PUNK

8-Year-Old Boy One Of Three KILLED In Boston Marathon Explosions - Was Waiting For FATHER To Finish

DOMENICA MILANO CORRE PER BOSTON #boston

Emma _ Frampton published Boston Bombings : Mid-Somerset brothers determined not to let the : Runners who have

In light of yesterday 's tragic events in Boston , we will waive all change fees for passengers with Cape Air

you 're a class act man . Boston appreciates it ! Good luck this season

President Obama to deliver a statement on the Boston Marathon explosions at 10:30 a.m. CST . WATCH LIVE :

For safety reasons , 1D world in Boston is temporarily closed . I ca n't believe my cousin was just there yesterday . ht

Boom threat at duke first boston now duke .

#IFRC : American #RedCross in action following explosions in Boston via #BostonMarathon

Urgent Meditation to Bless Boston | #PranicHealing Online via #iPranicHealing

MT President Obama will speak on Boston Terrorist Attack at 11:30 am ET in the WH briefing room .

Thinking of #Boston today : #organize now to be prepared in the face of disaster .

The victims of yesterday 's bombings in #Boston are in our thoughts and prayers

R.I.P To the people who died in Boston !! xx :-LRB-

Kyle spilled beer all over shit last night again , and i thought it was worse than the boston marathon mishap . Too soon ?

This Hits Way Too Close to Homethoughts on the Boston Marathon tragedy . #prayforboston

#Obama is about to make a statement on the Boston Bombings . Here 's a feed for those in class or without cable :

Prayers leading 2 boston . . may god b wit al thoz impactd by da cowardly attack

People are talking about how to talk to your children about the #Boston incident . My sisters saw it on the news and just saw it like nothing

So glad your o.kso sad for the victimsI still have the memory of your pic by the Boston Sign before the race

Nobody is going to want to play any Boston sports team for a couple weeks . That city has more heart than any place I have been .

Former Defiance resident felt blast at Boston Marathon -

Proud of Boston 's art community for making the ICA the MFA free today to serve as a place of comfort refuge -LRB- via

God Bless the Victims Families of the Boston Marathon Bombing !

How nice - people looting Boston Marathon jackets after explosion

follow back black ! well u know what i mean lol #boston

TUES Show Audio Podcast w / Reaction to the events yesterday in Boston , #WWE Recap

Damn my heart is aching for Boston . #NYlovesB #PrayForBoston

Are you serious ? First Malik , then Boston , and now temple ?

The east-coast of America really on tenterhooks at the moment . Evacuations at La Guardia and Boston airports

Just found this picture of the bomb at boston and theres a man on top of the roof near where the frist bomb went off

my current NFL hero : carrying people to safety in Boston ; his bros are Firefighters

If North Korea had anything to do with this Boston shit I feel sorry for em cuz if we find out they gettin fucked up

Is n't it interesting.Barry and the boys and girls of his administration are all over the Boston mess.Why not the same for Benghazi ???

Obama to speak from White House on Boston bombings unknown CT Apr 16 , 2013 : Boston Police says 176 victims cam

yes , i agree keeping Boston in prayers . Glad to know that Joey M. Is ok .

An Oklahoma State professor could see the Boston Marathon finish line . Then he saw white smoke

#news No additional devices found at Boston Marathon bombing scene : BOSTON -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - No additional explosive

LaGuardia Airport in NYC : Terminal Evacuated , Bomb Squad Called In Boston 's Logan too ! Via

deathternity : Chicago Tribune Honors Boston With Beautiful Tribu

Regional : Neenah woman among injured in Boston : A Neenah woman was among those injured in the explosions at th

People are so fucking ignorant about Boston and saying shit and it pisses me off , especially when some of us have fam

Sabres still plan on going to Boston

While we mourn condemn deaths in Boston , we should equally mourn and condemn deaths in Iraq , Afghanistan , Palestine . Compassion demands it

Our thoughts and prayers go out to those affected by the senseless attacks in Boston .

Who bombed Boston . these bitches commitin suicide by fucking with us

Evil can never be explained . Stay strong Boston .

Defence Secretary Hagel calls Boston bombings ` cruel act of terror ' : WASHINGTON - Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel

Proud of the job my LS and in their coverage yesterday . Tough go-to people that represent Boston #tough

Still disgusted by some comments seen in facebook feed about bombing other countries over Boston - we might need to aim rockets at us !

Hoping that the jet grounded in Boston evacuation in La Guardia are both just extra-vigilant security nothing more sinister .

So , does Barney Frank think that a tax increase would have stopped the Boston bombing ?

* Zayn bombed Boston * goodness , im not a directioner but this does n't make sense at all . #ZaynDirectionersAreAlwaysHereForYou

Ann Kreilkamp : More Perspectives On The Emergency/Emergence Of The Boston Marathon Explosions

Boston Marathon bombs latest : FBI raid flat - but police say no unexploded - The Independent : Telegraph.co

My dads driving to Boston today

please let us remember the victims who were involved in yesterday 's massacre as BOSTON MARATHON turns into BOMBING

Ben Revere has the respect of all of Boston . #ClassAct #WeLoveYou

Media Coverage : Unmasking Boko Haram with the Boston Bombing Clue

Saudi Student Held As A Person Of Interest In Boston Bombings

Kan. surgeon aids injured at Boston Marathon

Considering charitable response 2 Boston tragedy ? Look at other tragedies + tips for vetting appeals MT

#Boston was celebrating Patriots ' Day and this week is the anniversary of the Oklahoma bombing -LRB- Apr 19 -RRB- . Symbolic or c

Follow Twitter feed from Boston . Raw 140-character struggles to find humanity within the devastation

176 hurt , 17 critical , 3 dead so far . That 's the estimation . #Boston

PRAY FOR BOSTON * twit yg telat *

As soon as a am done wearing my scrubs I am putting my race shirt on . Thinking of you Boston !!

I pray for those , in the city of Boston , affected by the senseless acts of cowards . Lives did not have to be lost this way

Why find pictures of random people , especially children , and say they died in the Boston bombing , knowing damn well they did n't ?

Watching : First boston marathon explosion caught on tape | The real news Videos :

Idiot . . Barney Frank On Boston Marathon Bombings : ` No Tax Cut Would Have Helped Us Deal With This ' via

ca n't stop thinking of the bombings , even on a nice sunny day like today . . #PrayForBoston

No sign yet of any Alabama runners who participated in the Boston marathon here at the airport .

Outstanding perspective : on the Boston Marathon bombings via #humanity

President Obama Addresses Nation on Boston Marathon Bombing

Boston marathon bombing happened on same day as ` controlled explosion ' drill by -LRB- cont -RRB-

Im really glad to hear my family in Boston are unharmed . But my heart hurts for the ones that lost loved ones . #prayforboston

So sad ! Check out this #Boston tribute video that I came across #TurnToEachOther

Good morning everybody . Still keeping Boston in mi prayers #prayforboston

how can you say that Zayn have the fault of the terrible news in Boston ??? . . #ZaynDirectionersAreAlwaysHereForYou

Everyone blaming person/persons responsible for Boston tragedy . But at Newton and Aurora tragedies it is blamed on Guns ?

Boston 's Airport has been given the all clear . Looks like La'Guardia Airport is now being Evacuated after a suspicious package was found

First the Boston bombings and now the Iran-Pakistan earthquake . Anything can happen at anytime . Tell someone you love then today . #pray

people saying that zayn had something to do with the boston explosions need to rethink why they are still living on this earth , grow up .

Praying over Boston , Korea and Afghanistan . May Gods strong arms comfort the loved ones and raise up those who were lost .

#Boston hopefully the blood I donated a month ago can help victimsit probably wo n't since it 'll have to go by plane , but I still hope so

amidst the chaos we band together #united #Boston #hope

We want a NO vote on anything to do with Gun Control , after the Boston incident we need more guns not less , God Bless America

Our thoughts and prayers are with the people of Boston and everyone affected by the Boston Marathon tragedy .

Please read the message from our CEO . The Tragedy in Boston .

For safety reasons 1D World in Boston is temporarilt closed #prayforboston

From Hockey world shows its support for Boston

I may not be from Boston , but I love my Red Sox and I care for the city .

President Obama will make a statement on the Boston Marathon bombing PT . Listen live on OPB .

Pray for iraq pray for boston pray for haiti pray for africa pray for my nose pray for here pray for thereNoJust no .

GP Barney Frank using Boston Marathon corpses , including kid 's corpse , to score points on taxes is evil . #

Pres.Barack Obama promised that he will give justice on happen to Boston =-RRB- #Sogood

Boston Marathon bombing victim , 8 , recalled as spirited #RIP #MartinRichard via

I ca n't put into words the sadness I feel for our nation . Perhaps publicly hanging the bastards would help . #JusticeForAll #Boston #Gosnell

Well said , George ! ~ Keep on running on , Boston - Allegiance via

Read Rabbi message on the aftermath of the bombings at the #BostonMarathon

Google doc of Boston ppl offering stranded runners places to stay is 550 pages long . There is good in this world and it brings me to tears .

Please join us in praying this prayer for Boston #PrayingForBoston

A message from me via the blog : -- Stay strong Boston .

Boston runners should be allowed to FINISH the race . WE wo n't be intimidated . #TeamAmerica #TogetherWeStand #Finish

Timely that we would be talking about evangelizing in Boston this morning in chapel .

FBI 's Mueller and Homeland Sec Napolitano cybersecurity brief of House members today likely to include update on Boston .

Transit systems around the country tighten #security #Boston

Hate reading all these tragic stories about the Boston bombing . . Who could do such a thing #sosad

good talk on 960 this am . the ridiculousness of the Oilers Prez to the call for good news stories from Boston . Good on ya !

Many who live in Boston have lost loved ones to violence would probably appreciate just getting to work not processing .

Good morning to all people and prayers to the peeps up in #Boston .

I included Boston into my prayers I never wish nothing bad against people

I Feel So Bad , Of What Happened Yesterday . . Will Keep U In My Prayers , And Stay Strong Out There #Boston

#LibDem Champion Xi sends condolences to Obama over Boston bombings : Xi Jinping sent cond #rochdale #oldham # 6

A letter from #WakeForest 's Hatch on the Boston Marathon tragedy

Newark remains on heightened alert after Boston bombings

#TeamFollowBack Yahoo! SportsDanny Amendola Will Donate To Boston Relief Fund For Every Pass He

You really need to cover the dishonest reports coming from News International USA after the Boston bomb

Praying for those in Boston and hoping justice can somehow be served

FBI seeks images in Boston Marathon bomb inquiry - Yahoo! Sports SEND ALL PHOTOS and VIDEO

I predict that the 2014 Boston Marathon will be the biggest marathon , ever . #homeofthebrave

Good luck to all the Marathon runners , we will be thinking of you for a safe successful event . . Our thoughts are with our #Boston friends

Boston is a wee bit too close for comfort . But thinking of those who are affected by the bombing yesterday #PrayForBoston

Our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone impacted by the violence that took place at the Boston Marathon yesterday .

International NewsEgypt 's Muslim Brotherhood condemns Boston blasts April 16 , 2013 13:49 GMT CAIRO -LRB- AP -RRB- --

The hospitals in Boston need blood . If you can please donate , it is the least we can do . #DonatingForBoston

to the football player that wanted Boston bombed 1st even tho U was joking careful what you ask 4

Bruce Schneier on Boston - full text here :

How can people make jokes about what happened in Boston ?

WATCH : Phillies OF Ben Revere makes incredible catch with tribute to Boston written on his glove :

The whole VIBCO family is saddened by yesterday 's tragedy . We send our neighbors in Boston and all those impacted

Boston got fucked up Jeeeeeeeeeeez !!!!

President Obama to give statement in a few minutes on Boston explosions , hear it live on KFYI .

#Boston we dont know who did this but #religion #ethnicity doesnt make a difference . It still happened #itcouldhavebeenanyone #thisisreal

Another day to be thankful for who I have in my life Tomorrow is n't promised its a privilege #Thankful #Today #Remember #Boston

Our thoughts and prayers for those involved in the Boston bombings . #PRAY4BOSTON #StandUnited

Our thoughts prayers are with our neighbors in #Boston today , and all those affected by yesterday 's tragic events .

Just got back from Boston , and let me tell you I had a blast !!

Pres Obama to speak shortly on Boston Marathon bombings from the White House

Bloomfield Hills family escapes harm in Boston - A Bloomfield Hills man tells Local 4 what happened when the sound

Boy killed at Boston Marathon part of well loved family . Dad running ; mom sister grievously injured

Heading to work , then LAX to Boston , #casesmc , and mini CTY reunion . Traveling w heavy heart .

Only had a few friends/family who were present at the Boston explosions . Safe sound , hallelujah ! Any updates on injured survivors ?

Boston blast is US intelligence failure or extremely shrewd planning by terrorists ?

elections are over , we STILL need to be subjected to you ? - Axelrod : Boston Bombings Could Be Related to ` Tax Day '

One thing to bring the city of #Boston closer is a #StanleyCup . That 's all the motivation the #Bruins need

President Obama to address the nation at 11:30 ET today regarding the Boston Marathon explosions . Tune in to watch .

Class Act . Props . Chicago Tribune Sports Section Pays Tribute to Boston , Local Sports Teams -LRB- Photo -RRB- via

Now that ~ 24 hours have past My thoughts are with those affected by acts perpetrated in Boston yesterday . Hoping we all heal quickly .

Trying to get in touch with NE Wi folks who were in Boston yesterday and have now come home . Hear their stories at 5 o

Boy , 8 , killed in Boston Marathon attack reportedly had an ice cream seconds before blast

the sad thing about what happened in Boston is that this happens every . Single . Day . somewhere across the globe . #timetostoptheviolence

Everyone is saying that they arethere for Zayn from One Direction when they should be praying for the people in Boston who is more improtant

Boston Marathon Bombing : How to Talk to Your Kids - ABC News -LRB- blog -RRB-

Hitman Axelrod : Boston Bombings Bec of Tax Day ? Spning rspnsblty for attck to conservatives #Obama #tyranny #GOP #DNC

2nd half of Athlete 's Village , before Boston Marathon

After Boston , remember the first element of security - ACCESS CONTROL , without that , you 've got nothing .

Op-Ed Contributor : Living Through Terror , in Rawalpindi and Boston

All the ppl comparing the Boston bombings to Iraq/Afgan or wherever the fuck , can have several seats . Those ppl dont

Race shirt on . Ran 26.2 minutes . #Boston we are thinking of all who have been affected by the bombings .

We are truly inspired by the many heroes in #Boston ! Even in a time of tragedy , people continue to #payitforward

#prayforboston what a shocking incident : 0 2 bombs hurt about 140 ppl and 3 died , such a sad case

I 'm still in shock of what happened in Boston yesterday . My 3 hurts so much for the trauma people are dealing w / after an event like this .

Head of #Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood links #Boston bombings to Mali , Syria , Iraq , Somalia . No thought to US perp . http

Looking out from the Tisch Library roof I could feel that entire city of Boston is grieving today . Reach out and supp

#FBI has taken the lead in the investigation of the #Boston #bombings . They searched an apartment in Revere , Massach

Marathon bombing victim , 8 , recalled as spirited : UPDATE : The boy who was killed in the Boston Marathon bombings

Do n't worry . Last I saw the Boston Red Cross was saying they were actually fully-stocked .

-LSB- VOA -RSB- Boston 's Security Camera Network Could Hold Bombing Clues

Praying for the victims in the Boston attack , their families , hospital staff , and the authorities as they seek the truth and justice .

And yes , More power to people in Boston . #PrayforBoston

Does anyone know any marathoners from the MidSouth who were in Boston , and when they were do back . Any help in http

thanks . Remain strong and we all are praying for Boston .

WTH ? FAA : Security incident on board US Airways flight 1716 . The plane is on the ground in Boston

PTC #community solidarity run in #support of Boston 6:30 P Wed 18th Vera Katz statue

#Boston area hospitals need blood donations to restore blood banks , here 's how :

Technology helped in search of Boston marathoners cc #sports

President Obama is expected to address the nation again on the Boston Marathon situation in a few moments .

Finally back in Boston . Things seem to be running pretty normal here in the city .

Was there any significance to April 15th date of the #Boston bombing ? Richard Falkenrath weighs in :

They say bad things come in threes . Boston bombings , earthquake in iran and now a coach crash in France . Not a good coup

Amtrak travel unaffected by Boston Marathon bombing

One of my classmates mom was in the Boston marathon . Hope she was n't hurt #PrayForBoston

Erik Rush Blames Boston Bombing on Muslims , Defends Controversial Tweets as Sarcasm #gossip

victim of the bombing in Boston yesterday , I just had to hug him a little tighter . Make him laugh louder . Make him smile bigger

Everybody is worried about stopping Terrorism , there is an easy way ; STOP participating in it America . My heart goes to Boston but wake up

BOSTON LATEST : Search is on for suspect motive ; FG resources are promptly responding

Malaysian marathoner misses #Boston bomb blasts by 30 minutes | #malaysia #sea

Love and Respect for all the victims of Boston Marathon #bostonmarathon #respect

Find out what a popular CNY race is doing to increase security . That story and more Boston coverage coming up on NCC News live #B3642

Join us at 7:00 tonight for reflection , conversation and prayer in the wake of the devastating tragedy in Boston . #armonk

Talking now with about his experience at the Boston Marathon yesterday .

Boston Marathon explosions : competitors by country and US state - The Guardian -LRB- blog -RRB-

Gosnell targeted the innocent and vulnerable , Boston bomber was n't so picky about his/her victims .

President Obama speaking now on #Boston marathon attack .

Pat Stu report Congressmoron Cynthia McKinney suggests Boston Police planted the bombs yesterday . And this cretin

Obama making a statement on #BostonExplosions right now : #Boston #StayStrong

People saying petty things that are n't fair . STFU . Let 's talk about Boston yesterday .

Piece in the on how to talk to children about the deadly Boston Marathon bombings :

Nobody is saying shit about booties for boston because Hutnter donated money to the Red Cross .

Hope this arttack in Boston does n't lead to war , but if does I 'm ready to serve my country !

Live video : President Obama gives update on Boston bombings .

People are so insensitive . Boston is my home . I 'm hurt . Do n't fucking publicize lies in the aftermath of a tragedy .

Top story : Two Explosions at Boston Marathon Finish Line - see more http

Explain thisMysterious picture of man on roof during Boston Marathon bombing goes viral , prompts speculation -

* Raw Footage * Boston Marathon Explosion - Runner 's Perspective : via

How did you hear about Boston ?

Glad to see my Boston/Cambridge folks are tweeting and hence are ok . Warm thoughts ; no need to hassle with messages .

Marathon Boston Explosions - live - shocking footage of the 1st and 2nd E : via

Thoughts and condolences go out to the people of #Boston . Enough with the rumor mill however - let the investigation take its course .

Security incidents reported at LaGuardia , Boston Logan #Travel

Boston Marathon blasts put world 's cities on alert : With more than 30 marathons being held this we #neworleans

Two of Assad 's thugs beat and torture a tied up woman while the third gets it all on video . | | #Syria #Boston

Martin Richard , 8 , killed at Boston Marathon , remembered as ` a vivacious boy '

BREAKING : A law enforcement official tells that the two bombs that exploded in Boston were made to look like discarded property .

So sad ! I came across a nice tribute video though worth passing around #prayforboston #boston

#POTUS : FBI is investigating Boston bombings as an act of terror .

obama : boston attacks , an act of terror

Explosions at Boston Marathon : 20 Palo Alto Participants : The Palo Alto Weekly reports that Meghan Purdy and R

Moment of happiness amid the terror : Two marathon runners marry in Boston : As terror reigned in Boston in

Pres Obama speaking now regarding attack on Boston .

LIVE : President Obama statements on Boston Marathon explosions ^ nk

Pray for the families who lost or almost lost other family members in Boston

So glad these #BostonMarathon runners returned to CAK safe . They just arrived home on our Boston flight .

President Obama announces that law enforcement still do n't know who is responsible for the Boston attack . #Boston #Terrorism #MarathonAttack

To the people at the #Boston Marathon , you are all in our thoughts and prayers .

Watch Live : Obama statement on Boston Marathon bombings :

President Obama 's statement on the Boston Marathon :

Bravo al-Erian , your insensitive #Boston remarks has climbed to 2nd/3rd most read article on #Egypt

Ran today for everyone in Boston . Seems like such a simple thing and yet so much more .

#BostonMarathon Obama last night did not call Boston bombing a terror act ; just now he did .

From all equestrians our our thoughts go out to Boston .

Boston bystander Carlos Arredondo says he acted instinctively - Washington Post

TOP 10 HOT LINKS TO BOSTON TERRORIST ATTACK - Clash Daily

#teamfollowback Boston Marathon bombing victim , 8 , recalled as spirited : Devastated friends and neighbors on T

8 years old waiting for his father to finish the marathon . He had a sister that is 6 years old that lost a leg . #Sad

If this Boston stuff is hard to handle follow the example of the runners before all this : Put one foot in front of the other . Breathe .

Running in silence . #Boston I just finished a 3.26 mi run with Nike + Running . #nikeplus

Our thoughts and prayers are with those affected in Boston and for our country !!!

As soon as I made a comment about the bombing in Boston wow I see this Earthquake!The earth will quake in the

enough with this pray for Boston nonsense , 3 people died . Think about how many innocent people are killed each day around the world .

On PPV donations to Boston families Make it happen

Girls for a Change continues to send our thoughts to those affected by the bombings in Boston yesterday .

So saddened and frustrated by the Boston Marathon bombing . My heart goes out to all the families involved in this tragic event .

RT Retweet to send your prayers to the victims families of the Boston explosions . #PrayForBoston

what do you think about the boston bomb ?

As you cherish your moment and loved ones today , send prayers and love to those in Boston !! They need our prayers more than ever !!

Live video of Obama discussing Boston bombing :

We are runners . The very nature of our sport requires us to persevere when things get tough . We will heal , and we will be stronger . #Boston

Our thoughts are with and everyone in #Boston impacted by yesterday 's tragic events .

im good . . here at work going thru my case load while watching the President speak about Boston

Flags have been ordered to fly at half staff on all public buildings today . #Boston

Our thoughts are with those effected by the happenings in Boston yesterday . You are not alone . #BostonMarathon

List of local Boston Marathon registrants -

Thank you for the kind words . We 're so grateful that our runners were unharmed . Our thoughts are with Boston to

So who one the Boston marathon ?

Pope Francis is praying for all those effected by the bombings at the Boston Marathon .

I dont wan na hear no more bout that Boston massacre that shixx was planned jus like sandy hook a real terrorist woulda killed more people

Prayers for boston!HELP BOSTON : Find out how to volunteer or donate ! - Elvis Duran and the Morning Show

If u told Bey stans that the Boston bomber made off w the hard copy to her next single , they would find his ass TODAY .

Our thoughts and prayers to the families of those affected in Boston and praise to all the selfless acts of heroism !

How fitting would all this be , for after the finals , there will be a championship parade going through Boston .

I see bogus accounts already to cash in on victims of the Boston bombings , I am utterly ashamed to be sharing life wi

Whoever attacked Boston , they do realize last time Boston was attacked , a country was borne .

#POTUS : We all have a part to play in alerting authorities if you see something suspiciousspeak up . #boston

It seriously breaks my heart watching all the news about Boston God help this world we live in . It gets scarier everyday

Bobcat Hockey 's thoughts prayers go out to everyone in Boston and around the country affected by yesterday 's

Mr. Bertrlson just heard me make a joke about the Boston bombings oh nooooo

Our thoughts are with #Boston and anyone effected by yesterdays awful events . #BelieveInBoston

what charity is this ? Where is the $ 1 per retweet coming from ? Why not use pray for Boston handle ?

Coincidence ? Bomb Sniffing Dogs At Boston Marathon via

FBI seeks images in Boston Marathon bomb inquiry : BOSTON -LRB- AP -RRB- -- Investigators appealed to the public Tues

Casualties rise to 176 after Boston Marathon blasts

You are going to hear alot of rumors on the internet about the Boston bombing . Be Smart . Research before posting # b

I wish I could hug all of #Boston . #prayforboston

Breaking News : Obama Boston Marathon Bombing : President Notified Of Explosions , Monitoring Situation

Read reflect . Wrote this in response to Boston .

Woke up thanking God im alive at the same time praying for all the victims in boston

Got email back from Massachusetts General Hospital about raising funds for the injured from the Boston Marathon . Wor

Boston looks like a war zone with all these military guys and cops

Saying you 'll ` judge ' anyone who does n't RT your picture of the 8 yrold girl who died in the Boston bombing makes you despicable not popular

My #heart goes out to the families and victims in the #boston #bombing

This is a truly outstanding story by on yesterday 's Boston Marathon :

The even in Boston is horrific . The media covering it 24/7 now is sensationalism . They should do updates while covering all news .

If you really cared about the people hurt and killed in Boston , you would care about the thousands of people dying of injustice every day

Occupy Boston story on Carlos Arredondo .

Danny Amendola Pledges Boston Marathon Relief Donation for Every Catch in 2013 : Danny Amendola has not even

House Slave Erik Rush , Conservative Columnist , Makes Muslim Joke After Boston Marathon Explosions via

-LSB- Gossip ! -RSB- Danny Amendola Pledges Boston Marathon Relief Donation for Every Catch in 2013 : Danny Amendola has div

Prayer gathering set for noon at Rollins for Boston bombing victims

What Happened in Boston | 3M Double Sided Tape

A good read and mindset : Boston Marathon Explosions : Staying Vigilant and Prepared via

Have n't said much about these Boston bombings ! Sickening that human beings can do such terrible things to each other !

Paris runner Jon Hrejlac , who was participating in the Boston Marathon Monday when two bombs exploded near the http

Our thoughts , our condolences , our best wishes go out to the people and the city of Boston .

Ex-bin Laden hunter says #Boston bombing shows signs of sophistication , training #BostonMarathon

All these news apps sending me heavy notifications on the Boston bombing .

it could be Logan airport in Boston because planes were rerouted yesterday

From Blacksburg to Boston -LSB- a prayer for today -RSB- #VirginiaTech #BostonMarathon

not to be repetitively paranoid BUT I always suspect Boston Marathon type horrors to be work of Israeli Mossad agents ???

FAA grounds Boston flights until further notice

Boston Marathon Bombings : They Picked On The Wrong City / yes , they did !

Chicago Tribune Shows Boston Some Love via

Keep informed via updates regularly : Boston Marathon Explosions : Latest Developments

I 'm reading stories about heroes and people helping out during the Boston explosions and literally tearing up . OMG good people do exist .

But some Boston niggas be saying some dumb shit like that . .

Increased police presence on New Jersey rails , buses after Boston bombings via

Gosnell has killed more ppl than the Boston horror . Not an abortion doctor , but a mass murderer . Let 's not forget about that .

#PrayForBoston My thoughts and Prayers go out to all injured and/or affected by the tragedy in Boston ! When will all these tragedies stop ?

Boston Red Sox third baseman -

it was weird I thought I was watching special news report that interrupted the Veiw . Next thing I saw Boston marathon ! Horrible

the dad of my best friend that was killed in a car accident 4 years ago was 3 blocks from the FL when the bomb went off #prayforboston

ugh my heart aches so much for the parents of the precious eight year old who lost her life in boston

Presidential proclamation to honor the victims in Boston . - JK Picatinny Arsenal FMWR , Armament Research ,

-- does not see how so many people are claiming government conspiracies the very next day after the #Boston tragedy .

Pres Obama called the actions yesterday in #Boston terrorism . Maybe the right wing nutjobs can shut up now .

My cousin who lives near Boston forwarded this to me . #PrayforBoston

Pres Obama says they still do not know who is responsible for the twin bombings in #Boston . He did say it is an act of terrorism #justice

All of our thoughts and prayers are with the people of Boston right now . #BostonMarathon

I dont think this boston situation was a individual i think it was a race , and a act or terror . . The bomb went off at a american event

These Boston videos make me sick to my stomach . And I ca n't even imagine how the ER crew felt seeing all the people and their condition .

Why boston 2 people die they go trend . What about israel burma Muslims ? Fuck up world society . Racist .

So there was a Family Guy episode that was talking about the Boston Marathon and Peter called in the bombings 0 _ 0

I would 've loved to have aided towards the Boston bombing , but I 'm not able to .

Joey McIntyre and the Boston Marathon Tragedy - 104.5 CHUM FM - Joey McIntyre and the Boston - -LRB- You can listen

Everyone tweeting so much about Boston they forget worse things are happening in different places . .

#Bmore News Alert ! Towson preschool teacher injured in Boston Marathon explosion

Phila . to Boston plane cleared after evacuation

Our Official Response to The Boston Marathon Tragedy ! #constantcontact

Our hearts at GemFind go out to those affected by the Boston Marathon Tragedy . We are thinking of you .

you 've been lying your whole life and your lying now . You know who did Boston bombing but we expect this BS from you . #tcot

Great list of reasons to love Boston :

This Boston attack is starting to have a Bengazi feel to it . Feds know nothing ! Incompetence !

If you 're not following you better . Just incredible coverage on the latest happenings in Boston

A bomb goes off in boston and the whole country goes into lock downbombs are found/go off every week in northern ireland and no one cares

#Headline #Popular The Boston Marathon explosions : 7 heartwrenching images #MustFollow MPNews

My dad qualified for and considered running the Boston Marathon again this year . Thank god he did n't and may whoever did this suffer .

Boston Globe : now nothing about amputations . About nails pellets on bombs .

Anybody saw that family Guy episode a month ago that has to do with the Boston Marathon Bombing ? Smh crazy Shit

I think America set he bomb up in Boston honestly

Danny Amendola pledges money for Boston relief fund via

says it is not known if Boston was attacked by an individual or a group , foreign or domestic .

An illuminated message from New York to Boston / via Lucky Tran , via

Ca n't pay attention my mind is on the city . #Boston #prayforboston

Fox reporter notes Boston bomb smoke was white , not black .

. . pray for Boston , but also pray for Chicago , NYC , New Orleans and all other places where we get killed EVERYDAY .

Photos : Heroes Emerge from Boston Marathon Bombing

we may not live in boston , but having been therein that area it hits hard does n't it ?

Obama : Boston attack a ` heinous ' act of ` terrorism '

President Obama : FBI investigating explosions as ` an act of terrorism ' #boston #whitehouse

Mane the incident in Boston was horrific . Why are ppl so cruel ? Praying for us all !

The value of lives from the beginning of life to the finish line in Boston are equally important . Pray for both .

hello how or you ok Did you see the news about Boston it real is sad

People do n't know about that , whereas the thing in Boston was very well documented

I 'm still in shock over what happened yesterday in Boston . My heart goes out to everyone affected by this sick tragedy .

her tag on her shirt clearly says joe cassella 5k . its in virginia not boston . and a 5k not a marathon . why do people ma

NOW Former Baltimore City Police Commissioner Fred Bealefeld joins the and Derek Hunter to discuss the Boston Marathon Bombing

Even with tragedies like the VT shooting and the Boston marathon The world goes on .

So #Obama said this was an act of terror but we do n't know who did it #Boston He is avoiding any assumptions

The person responsible for the Boston bombing better watch out because Jessica Chastain is coming for you . #ZeroDarkThirty2

Boston Bombing - False Flag , No Doubt About It - YouTube

I was thinking about someone who said that zayn is a terrorist , how can zayn boomed boston?He was busy with TMH tour , so stupid

we with Oksana also love Boston !

Obama caused the Boston Marathon Terrorist attack.Obama will not use the word Terrorist Attack.Obama will no blame Muslims.Obama is evil mad

I love Boston so much ok everything about it is perfect

Explosions at the Boston Marathon . These men and women who rushed towards the explosion seconds after to help

First Responders are a few of the many words I wish I never had to hear . Such a cruel world #Boston #VT #Newton #NYC #OKC #UssCole

Just heard the news about the Boston Marathon , terrible news #PrayforBoston

RIP to the departed and a massive ` GWS ' to all those affected by the Boston Marathon Explosions , yesterday .

Does anyone know of any MidSouth Marathoners who were in Boston who are back home today . Your help in contacting

Audio : Listen back to President Obama 's press briefing on Boston Marathon blast , from moments ago -

Amid the tragic event in Boston yesterday , an instant reaction from the worldwide online community :

Comedian went viral with his thoughts on the Boston bombings

#BostonMarathon #Boston people must stop destroying each other ! It 's stupid , irrational STOP !

To all my followers who lives in Boston , stay safe . . and my prayers goes to those who were hurt in the incident #PrayforBoston

We 're also sad for those who were affected by the tragedy . If anyone still in Boston needs our help , please contact me .

Your running playlist today should consist of Dropkick Murphys , James Taylor , and Boston . Plenty of good songs there .

On demand video replay of President Obama calling Boston bombings terrorism .

Flying home from boston . Nervy .

NYY NYG Fan Forever But , Make No Mistake I Am Human Being First Foremost 2 The Entire City Of Boston My Heart Goes Out . #PrayForBoston

On #WGNNoon ; I 'll talk the latest on the Boston Marathon Terror attack , a man who 's wife was saved during the Holocaust Join us

Sunday : Moghdishu blast , Monday ; Boston marathon bombing and Tuesday ; Iran/Pakistan border Earthquake !!! I ca n't take it

News storis in photographsTerror at #the_Boston Marathon -LRB- 32 photos total -RRB-

Join us in continuing to pray for Boston and those affected by yesterday 's events .

Earthquake at iran , bomb at boston , Indonesian National Exam problem , what next ? World War 3 ? #prayforbetterworld

in my country #Nigeria boko haram will killed hundreds in bomb attack no one noticed but #Boston a

The Internet has spoken : We Stand With Boston - RadioBDC blog - via

Expert tips for talking with your children about the tragedy in #Boston Coming up today on 13 News at Noon

My thoughts are with the victims , their families and everyone in Boston .

fa sho . . Nah that bih may 4th . How far is Maryland from Boston ?

The dot com is free again today to keep Boston up to date : Proud to work with such amazing journalists .

I dont pray - I dont believe in god . But I do believe in the strength of the good people of Boston ! #TerrorWontStopUS

Our thought and prayers go out to the injured and their families along with the families of the deceased . Be strong Boston !

I love watching you dance ! I 'm from #Boston , so watching #DWTS last night was a great escape from the tragedy !

Bombing in Boston , bomb threat in La Guardia , 7.8 Earthquake in Iran , continued threats from North Korea

Editor Publisher : After Boston Explosions , People Rush to Twitter for Breaking News : SAN #journo #journalism

Well done airlines . Airlines waive fees for Boston fliers via

Michael _ Levin : Heartbreak HillI was at mile 17 of the Boston Marathon when a runner looked up from her cellphone

Hopefully everyone in Boston Stays Strong #pray4boston

People in our year joking about the Boston marathon bombings #show #some #respect

Terror at Boston Marathon : 3 dead , 176 hurt - As investigators combed through what Boston 's top police official de

An open letter to the Boston Marathon bombers

See The crime scene investigation live on CNN from Boston

My religion is very simple . My religion is kindness . - Dalai Lama #quote #Boston

Travel Tips : Flights banned over Boston Marathon blast site - As the horror of explosions near the finish line of

What do you say we get on a plane to Boston and do some volunteer reporting ?

Sending love and love and love to the people of Boston and the US

FBI Searches Boston Apartment in Bomb Investigation :

My shirt from last race in Boston . My shoes have run those streets . Boston bib # from her 1st . #fearless

Still thinking of those family 's in Boston first Sandy Hope Elementary School shootings , now this . #prayforboston

The Knicks are now fucked for the first round of the playoffs #boston

My take on Boston bombings -LRB- In French -RRB- for Belgian newspaper Le Soir : -LRB- thank you

RIP to everyone that lost their lives in the Boston Bombings

who cares ?? People died in Boston

for real , there was tweets last week about people not knowing Anne Frank and yesterday they thought Boston was in England :'-LRB-

GOP more worried about word TERROR not being used by O instead of People dying and hurt in Boston . Bunch of A holes

and moi was caught in the middle of it going to airport in Boston on my way to France

2.14 miles for Boston ! Wore my WDW Marathon shirt . Show your support wear a race shirt today ! #RunnersUnite #runDisney #BostonMarathon

Boston FBI investigating bombing as terrorism .

MIT lights up in show of unity . Good stuff . #boston #prayforboston

#Boston hospital credits #Israeli training to helping them handle those injured during yesterdays Terror attack htt

Waking up seeing more images from Boston . Just so heartbreaking ! #prayersforBoston

Twister = BHO transcript on Boston bombing if u care what a Liar says ! #tcot

I wore my race shirt ! #boston #bostonmarathon #BostonStrong #runforboston

Our thoughts and prayers for all affected in Boston . #prayforboston

Good outweighing evil , once again . #Boston #Heroes #AmericatheGood

No emotion while talking about Boston . Even while mentioning the 8y old boy who 's life was lost . Smh a Christian woulda cried .

Yes : MT Our thoughts are typically focused on fighting #ChildHunger , but today our thoughts are with those in #Boston .

For those who lost their lives , for their families , the injured , the people of Boston and all of the United States , we are praying

Benghazi is not a thing . Let it go . It 's unrelated to the Boston attack .

Our thoughts are with those who were injured at the Boston Marathon yesterday , and their loved ones .

Obit for John SIlber , President of Boston University and leader in modernizing urban higher education

Boston marathon conspiracy What else would it be called haha

DTN Iraq : Saying Something About Boston : Just across the street from where the bombs went off yesterday is the

news : Boston Marathon Explosions : Child Victim

The #bostonmarathon was dedicated to the sandy hook someone bombs the runners . . What kind of fucked up world do we

Boston Marathon runner leaves flowers on the doorstep of 8-year-old Martin Richard 's home -LRB- Credit : REUTERS/Brian S h

man tell me about it u have no control over it . Like them people in Boston didnt think they was gon die , they could n't stop it

seriously ? the westboro baptist church people are going to picket the boston marathon funerals ?

Swett is devastated to hear about the tragedy in Boston . Our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims affected by this terrible incident .

We woke up today dusted ourselves off and continued our lives WE ARE BOSTON STRONG #dontfuckwithus

Someone tweeted about an 8 year old girl who died running for the Newtown kids in Boston , it was a boy who died and you have to be 18 to race

Stay strong Boston.Our hearts and prayers are with you .

Heartbreaking . 8 yr old Martin killed in #Boston attack while waiting for dad to finish run .

Are Americans not capable of henious act ? That when compromised they always associate it with terrorism . Nevertheless , let 's pray for #Boston

All HubSpotters now known to be safe after #BostonMararthon explosions . Looking forward to Boston tech community coming tog

people making jokes about the Boston Bomb look at my last retweet smh 8 yrs old

Boston cant win championships in sports anymore and now obv ca n't contain alil terrorism Boston 's finest pshhh yes right #toosoonnation

Boston marathon explosions . . hmmm , the world keeps gettn rougher -LRB- if deres a word lyk dat -RRB- and mehn . . stl gat chills . . reminds me of a novel

Thinking of the city of Boston and everyone in our family today

might be a cunt but least I are n't thick as nails you little slit shut the fuck up and actually read up on Boston and

So much bad news coming in right now ; Hope everyone 's safe in Boston .

It appen today : ` Heightened Security ' at Logan Airport After Boston Marathon Bombings - ABC News What do you think ?

Dear friends , my condolences sympathies to families concerned , you , all America , to Boston

What has really touched my heart is that during the bombings in Boston people just had so much compassion to help each other .

Tragedy in Boston : The Most Moving Photos from the Marathon Bombing - PLAN OF ACTION via

Obama confirms the Boston bombings as an act of terrorism via

Thoughts are with former Davidson baseball player JP Cravenone of the many who were seriously injured in Boston

DHS Has Not Issued Terror Alert After Boston Marathon Bombing Curious , is n't it ? #TCOT

We pray for Boston today . May God be with you . May Hope be alive and take up space in your heart . Let Love Now Explode devastate darkness

ca n't even read about what happened yesterday in boston without getting goosebumps

I did n't want to wade in on the Boston tragedy but Carlos Arredondo is an inspirational man . A true hero even before the events in Boston

If one person comes at me with a conspiracy theory I wo n't feel bad about tossing a rock at their mouth . # 9/11 #boston

If you hear of -LRB- or initiate -RRB- Boston tech community program , count in #bostonmarathon

People are making some pretty striking parallels between Gosnell and the Boston Bombings , and they 're right . Completely opposite reactions .

RIP to all the people who died in Boston , thoughts and prayers to all the family 's and people fighting for there life in hospital 3

Wow , just saw the uncensored , unedited NSFW Boston Marathon photos . So terribly upsetting . Life is n't fair , but there has to be a baseline

RIP Martin Richard : Martin Richard , 8 , was killed yesterday in the Boston Marathon

everything in Boston Iran is shocking and disgusting , dont take life for granted . Tomorrow is never guaranteed . #PrayforBoston #PrayforIran

Our thoughts and prayers are with all those affected by the tragedy in Boston yesterday .

I hope the tragedy in Boston brings our nation closer together , instead of pushing us further apart .

The New England Section is sadden by the Boston Marathon bombings . The thoughts and prayers of the New England

Thx to generosity of blood donors , meeting patient needs in Boston . Make appt 2 give in the days/wks ahead

#RIP TO THE VICTIMS OF BOSTON AND TO THE FAMILIES STAY STRONG

Rue La La honors #Boston with a moment of silent on their website .

Local reports say that blood is not currently needed for the victims of the Boston Marathon bombing that took

#Caps , Verizon Center will have enhanced security for tonight 's game after Boston Marathon bombings , team says .

After what happened in Boston , my country is again shaken to its core . It 's amazing how much you can mourn for complete strangers .

Blackhawks News : Boston Marathon bombing : Watch moments of silence around NHL in honor of victims , #blackhawks

Zayn was accused by haters . . terrorists to bomb boston -_-

Why people chose not to stay quiet for the moment if silence and show respect for the Boston people . Y' all are fuck

The police checked 3 times for bombs before the bombs went off at Boston done a good job there did n't we lads ahaha

That Boston Marathon Bombing messed up .

Truly awful story - my son ran over London Marathon finish with me when age 6 . I ca n't imagine this father 's grief .

Every one strap on your running shoes today !! Lets do it for Boston ! #PrayForBoston

dude is CSpan is bashing Obama/talking about what happened in Boston all I can do is focus on his herpes outbreak . .

Had the chance to chat with We talk Boston Marathon , and more . Listen at

Marathon Bombing : -LSB- UPDATE -RSB- Hey , Internet : Boston Runners Almost Certainly Were Looting Jackets -

US Airways Flight 1716 stopped at Boston Logan Airport as precaution - Breaking News Buzz

Patton Oswalt 's response to the tragedy in Boston ! #bostonmarathon #wewilloutnumberyou

been watching the news all morning . so sad . #prayforboston #boston

MORE : Obama says Boston bombings were an act of terrorism but U.S. does n't yet know who 's to blame : - MM

Kansas City accounting for runners in 2013 Boston Marathon after explosion -LRB- Video -RRB- - Apr 16 AM ET

Boston had the best first responders yesterday

CSM 's Peter Grier Claims Boston Marathon Is ` Not Particularly Significant ' To Theorize About ` Domestic Connection ' http

Wishes people would check the facts before spreading rumors . #stay strong Boston !

Saw more pics of boston so sad #prayforboston

Living in Boston , yesterday reminded me of when I was working and living in NYC on September 11th . Thoughts on

The WRONG way to deal with this . Two men escorted off plane in Boston for speaking Arabic ?!

So sorry for the people of Boston . I do hope it 's not one of your own .

Wearing purple for yesterday 's tragedy . Love my city #Boston

Obama : Boston getting all resources needed MARKETWATCH

Here is the boy -LRB- Martin Richard -RRB- , who actually died in the explosion in Boston #PrayforBoston

Instead of Nashville , Boston has jumped up to # 1 of my next city to travel . Show my support party w / #REN

I Wonder who the Government is gon na blame for this shit they pulled in Boston .

Jittery Boston seeks clues to bombing that killed 3 and hurt 176 - Los Angeles Times : Telegraph.co.ukJittery B

Jokes about the bomb in Boston are n't funny at all if you retweet you 're just as fucked as the person that made

People making fun of the Boston bombing is making me sick you people should rot in hell

They found a suspicious package on a plane Going to Boston . Smh .

Straight after #Boston there have been earthquakes in Iran and AbuDhabi #RIP

I went to Boston to get my cast off and it looks like a disaster . So sad .

Bringing You Up to Date On Boston | TPM Editors Blog via

3 dead , 144 injured in Boston Marathon bombing ; Christian-Muslim violence flares in Nigeria -LRB- UCNN # 14 -RRB-

I 'm on the show with India Declair talking about The Boston Marathon Bombing

Prayers are with you Boston , especially the 8 year old who just wanted to congratulate his father . RIP Martin .

Celebrity 's Facebook post about Boston attacks goes viral : Comedian-actor Patton Oswalt may not seem the most

The Politics of Public Grief : Boston Marathon

what is your intake on the Boston bombing

Here is some Boston-love I hope makes your day better !

It 's becoming quite clear that the Boston bombings were domestic in origin .

You 're a lawyer.do you know what took the Boston bombing from a criminal investigation to a terrorist in

The had the paper with the Boston article in front in Starbucks .

Alex Fusco '13 sent us this photo of him and other CSC volunteers at the Boston Marathon before tragedy struck .

How did you talk to your kids about Boston ? I want to reassure them but I also want to be honest .

Boston Marathon Explosion Video , Pictures : Heroes Emerge from Boston Marathon Bombing

Blair : We are monitoring what occurred in Boston very closely . Still a great deal unknown . #topoli

Knicks are good and they might get by Boston with out 9 But nothing after that

Pray for Boston . Pray for Kobe . Rose ?

Syrians dying at a rate of 130 + per day . Oh , three people from Boston ? Hmmmm

Please join me on May 3rd for The Boston Club 's 2013 Community Salute

Ca n't we just mourn for Boston without trying to find a person of color to blame ? #rehumanizethepopulace

Why I Might Run the Boston Marathon Next Year #in

PHOTO : President Obama leaves podium after speaking on Boston Marathon bombing via

I think we 're all Boston fans today .

Love , peace and blessings for Bostonians from France . #Boston

Thank you Obama for FINALLY realizing that the Boston bombings was an act of terror and not an act of violence . #prayforboston

The Boston Marathon is the worlds oldest organized marathon . 2013 marked the 117th run . #FunFact

Thankful that even though I do n't feel well that I woke up unharmed with my family intact . Thinking of all those affected in Boston !

#reddit Korean visitors to Boston are stranded when their friend is hit with shrapnel and is taken to t #rulez

On a side note I 'm sadden to hear the explosions at Boston and my heart goes out to u all ! Wish everyone running a marathon not to give up !

#ZaynDirectionersAreAlwaysHereForYou `` Zayn was behind the boston explosions `` GROW UP ! Innocent people are dying and you 're making jokes ?

No further Boston threat , says FBI Good read

Latest stories : In Gruesome Boston Marathon Wounds , Possible Bomb Clues ? : Doctors caring for the 170-plus vict

So much pain in the world today . My heart goes out for all the heartbreaks in Boston and in the Iran

Fast Furious = SEALED ! Benghazi = SEALED!Boston Marathon = You decide.HOW SAFE DO YOU FEEL NOW ? Libs better wake up from the coma #tcot

Tierney : Boston investigation a ` concerted and well-coordinated effort '

what are you talking about ? Your crazy I said nothing about Boston lmfao

As millions look upon the tragedy of Boston , my heart aches that offense builds against Him who is our only hope and comfort . #prayforboston

So close to asking my aunt why she is n't praying for Whitesnake right now . We 're five STAND WITH/PRAY FOR BOSTON macros in on Facebook today

Dear guy in waiting room : please do not further engage the crazy lady who thinks the Boston horror was a government plot . Thank you .

Breaking News #Obama on #Boston attack : ` We are now investigating this as an act of #terrorism #NBC Politics

Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the senseless Boston Marathon tragedy . #praysforBoston

Guardian : The Boston bombing produces familiar and revealing reactions

Sending love from italy to the city of boston and anyone effected by the bombs 3

BOSTON -- Police and federal agents appealed to the publi

My heart and prayers go out to those injured in Boston as well as the family and friends that live there and those that were visiting .

What it means to be human in times of tragedy . From in Boston .

what I 'm learning from listening in on the boston police scanner : life continues real human beings speak like real

Random acts of stupidity only hurt other.may God bless Boston and keep them safe . #Boston

A flight from Boston to Chicago was halted because 2 men were speaking Arabic . This is f*cked up .

Breaking news : Boston never surrenders

you good bruh ? . . i heard u go to school near boston just making sure you Gz

Nice to know some of my facebook friends are so insensitive that they 're already joking about the Boston Marathon .

MT Superb coverage of Boston Terrorist Attacks -RRB- - local -LRB-

the world makes no sense when such tragedies happen to the innocent #Boston

Okay :-RRB- and indeed haha ! omg . . I just saw some pictures from people . . there in Boston !! OMG

Obama : Boston Bombing Being Treated as Act of Terror

Boston doctors : Ball bearings , nails removed from patients from the marathon via

The latest news from Boston seems to indicate that there might be someone else involved who was trying to fly out of Boston but was stopped .

-LRB- C -RRB- tweeted about Boston and I do n't know that 's so hard to do and yeah beyonce moment

Mass gov No unexplodd bombs at Boston Marathon #BostonMarathon #finish #Mass #streets

Boston Marathon Explosions : Child Victim : Martin Richard was waiting with his family to give his father a hug

hundreds of people die in Middle East , nobody panicked because it was a part of the plan . 2 people died in Boston , doomsday .

Bravery in Boston : Heroes , helpers and hope | via

Guy with his leg blown off in Boston

If you 'd rather use Boston as a chance to throw political flak than to unify and make a real difference then pipe down . Adults are talking .

UPA to organise a Chintan Shivir in wake of Boston Blasts . #BostonMarathon

Obama delivers remarks on Boston Marathon explosions -

Out and about in Austin seeing a lot of LIVESTRONG Austin marathon shirts . #runforboston #prayforboston

The reason that the media pays more attention to Boston is because we live in North America , thats a bomb going off on

that 's why I wrote what I wrote ! In light of what is happening in Boston

#Boston Want to solve this fast ? Call in the Mossad for help .

You think your taxes are spent wasteful ? Watch your taxes in action trying to solve a big problem in Boston . Taxes are important .

honor BOSTON with acts of kindness ? # 26Acts2 : long-time customer at South End Buttery bought everyone else drinks this a.m.

OBAMA : Boston Marathon Explosions Are Being Investigated As An ` Act Of Terror ' : President via Inside

The #IRS will be providing filing relief to taxpayers affected by the explosions in Boston . #BostonMarathon #praying ht

Screenshot of Akbaruddin Owaisi 's FB page , responses to the Boston Marathon blast . Shared by Indian Army Fans .

City Prints will be donating ALL profits from any Boston-related City Print order this week to help the victims

The fact that oomf just asked where Boston is and they did n't know it was in the United States . #howdumbcanyoube

Glen Beck says Boston a reason for public to buy gold.Beck 's show sponsor is a co called Goldline , funnily enough

How long can this go on ? People stop this!My condolences to #Boston

I hope everyone had a good night with their loved ones and a chance to reflect upon yesterdays tragedy . Keep on running Boston .

Mahn !! Dis Boston bomblast stuff 's rly sickening !! Li2le kids dead !!!

Wo n't be suprised if the US Goverment make an ignorant accusation towards the Muslims on the bombing in Boston .

#Latest #News Obama : Boston attack ` an act of terrorism ' - USA TODAY : CBS NewsObama : Boston attack ` an #BNews

Hahahahah 3 doden in Boston Hele wereld in shock what the FUCK about all the wars in Arab country 's ???? Huh ??? Anybody ??

My thoughts and prayers go out to those people in Boston . Never will understand the sick type of people who just randomly

Bombs at Boston Marathon Designed to Exact Deadly Toll #news

Do n't RT things about Boston . That 's exactly what they want .

This 8-year-old boy was one of the three people who passed away yesterday in Boston . Read his sign #heartbreaking

Pray for the people in Iran and Pakistan affect by an earthquake , as well as those affected by the Boston marathon bombing .

Hahahahah 3 doden in Boston Hele wereld in shock what the FUCK about all the wars in Arab country 's ???? Huh ??? Any

Meanwhile as Boston wept , Wall Street and their D.C. whores danced ... .

US Airways Flight 1716 stopped at Boston Logan Airport as precaution - News Buzz

Our prayers go out to anyone suffering a loss at this time , not just in Boston . It will get better # 1Love

Comedian 's post about Boston attacks goes viral

Continue 2 pray 4 the victims n Boston !

Moms in Prayer followers - Would you join me in prayer 4the capitol of my home state , Boston ? - MomsInPrayer USA Nat'l

I wish I were in #Boston right now to help out . Regardless , my thoughts and love are with everyone . May the helping hands be strong and sure

bet a lot of people pull out of the London marathon cos of boston , I would

Just come back to school and I hear what happen to Boston . I just do n't understand #AllWithBoston

It 's all just so senseless -- Boy , 8 , killed in Boston Marathon attack via #prayforBoston #prayforhumanity

Boston Tapes : Irish Groups Vow to Continue Fight Over British Subpoenas of Boston College Archives : Irish Grou

One man 's terrorist is another 's freedom fighter . Perhaps yesterday teaches us that such acts are deplorable no matter the cause . #Boston

Ex-NFL lineman Joe Andruzzi lends a hand after Boston Marathon explosion : Joe Andruzzi , a former NFL lineman ,

A truly beautiful message . Our thoughts , hearts , and prayers are with those affected by the Boston marathon bombings .

Quit being nice , everyone else . It creeps me out . Chicago Tribune Pays Tribute to Boston Sports

Bill Ravanesi covers + 's of Boston 's building #energy reporting ordinance in todays

Praying for those attacked in Boston , Syria , Iraq , Afghanistan , n Northern Pakistan . #prayering4theworld #peace #Safeworld

9-11 , VT , Columbine , Sandy Hook , Boston . Among many others . Too many innocent lives lost . Unimaginable

Why the Conspiracy Theorists Will Have a Tough Time With Boston I really hope is right . Via

Boston , newtown , aurora - all reminders that we are vulnerable and life is not guaranteed . . instead of anger embrace the uncertainty of life

How about today April 1 PR time we pause and pray for 5 min 's for the families of the victims at Boston and the recovery of the injured

Boston families , our prayers are with you .

Stay strong , Boston . Our hearts thoughts are with you . #prayforboston

The People Who Watch Marathons : Yesterday , when attacks on the Boston Marathon injured scores of people , most

See your photos : Runners wear race shirts , show support for victims of #Boston Marathon blasts

Wear a shirt from a race at some point today to show your remembrance and support of those involved in the Boston bombing .

Memories came flooding back of Tulsa Run legend Jack Wing , proud Bostonian , after attack on Boston Marathon .

When I hit the stage tonight , I will thinking of the people of #Boston and their awful plight . While life goes on fo

hundreds of people die in Middle East , nobody panicked because it was a part of the plan . 2 people died in Boston , do

kinda ignoring all the mayhem on Boston cause I feel like something else is going on in the meantime that we 're being

A quick look at developing information in the Boston Marathon attacks :

I 'm wondering why we have n't read Heinous Terrier 's take on the Boston Terrier bombings . #heinous

Former #CIA Agent : We Ca n't Fully Prevent Bombings . #Boston #News

Just News : : Athletics world shocked by Boston blasts

OMG JUST SAW FOR REAL IN THE NEWS ! OMG BOSTON I FEEL SO SORRY FOR YOU ! #prayforboston :'-LRB-

It 's a shame what happen in Boston

God bless those injured love ones of those died in Boston .

It 's sad to see the victims in the Boston attack but one thing about America is we stand together count your #blessings

Mystery man on rooftop during Boston attack sparks debate : A photo of a person on a rooftop near the finish line

Did these cowards forget what happens when you fuck with Boston ?

Go for a run and show your support of the Boston marathon today . #RunnersUnite !

BBC News : Boston marathon bombing It is a timeline therefore it is best when it is read from the bottom up .

More than 170 injured in yesterday # 39 ; s Boston Marathon bombings , police commissioner says

Sidewalks still wet w/blood and vile pig attacks Obama over semantics . #Boston #UniteBlue #p2 #tcot

Thanks for reaching out . We are based in New England with offices in the Boston-area

Family Guy Show Predicts Boston Marathon ExplosionsBOTH of them ! : via

Obama to Speak on Boston Bombings as U.S. Aids in Investigation : April 15 -LRB- Bloomberg -RRB- -- President Barack Obam

Toronto Marathon will review safety plans in wake of Boston bombings

Bombings at Boston Marathon Finish Line

Our thoughts and prayers are with all of those affected by the tragedy in Boston yesterday . If you are looking ht

How sad this is ??? Explosions at the Boston Marathon : via

Couple From Charlotte Hurt In Boston Marathon Explosions #wfmy

Boston is beautiful ! Double tap if you love Boston !!! #prayforboston

Boston MA : Drug unit officer reporting a suspicious package at Dartmouth St near Boylston St. Requesting the EOD unit and K9

you 're the mighty bean . there 's nothing you ca n't handle , Boston . stay strong . #home #love

aka probably radio but I choose to believe there 's a one directioner in the Boston Police Dept

This is a link 4 suggestions how 2 talk to children about the tragedy in Boston .

Press Briefs : Presidential Proclamation -- Honoring the victims of the tragedy in Boston , Massachusetts

LaGuardia Airport Evacuated , Ground Stop at Boston Logan -LSB- Updated -RSB- : LaGuardia airport has been #WorldTraveler

Governor Malloy orders flags to half-staff in honor of the Boston victims until sunset on Saturday .

$ Obama To Speak - Boston , Budget , Or Barriers To Entry ? - Live Stream : The President is due to address the n

After hearing and seeing the orrible and insane act in Boston yesterday , my immediate thoughts and prayers were

So people just gon na start running in honor of boston ?

It 's so sad what happened in Boston . First schools , malls , marathons . People should n't be afraid to leave their house . #rip

` Boston will overcome , ' mayor vows : As investigators combed through what Boston 's top police official describe

Lunch break : Bombs shake MSU community-Explosions kill at least 3 , injure dozens more at Boston Marathon :

I liked a video from Joe Kiss Fm Boston

Helpful tips for talking with kids about scary events #Boston

If I state , Americans deserve to be bombed living like govt never bombed twin towers to help collapse it . How much did govt allow in Boston ?

My thoughts and prayers go out to all the victims of yesterdays bombings in Boston . #PrayforBoston

Horrific Attacks of the Boston Marathon : via

Woke up this morning thinking about how music heals . Hope some of that healing is headed toward Boston . What

I am off to London for the day on Sunday -LRB- was supposed to be a tour of THE BILL studios which has been cancelled -RRB- . After the Boston Marathon

We love our local schools for reaching out . Visit this site to donate to #Boston victims . #SDSUlovesBoston |

Got to mention it . A massive well done to the Boston Emergency Services ! U did yourselves proud in the most harrowing of circumstances

Tired of hearing about boston . Sad all , but constant coverage will only encite more craziness . Plus it is just porn for news organizations

Ca n't still get over the Boston bombings . Such senseless killing should not go unpunished .

Our hearts mourn for those effected by the tragedy at the Boston Marathon . We give thanks for all who have done what they could to help

#Global Obama labels Boston Marathon blasts an act of terrorism : Obama labels Boston Marathon blas #D4keuangan

#Boston : Bombs had metallic pellets and nails added to them to increase amount of damage to human flesh .

just because terrorist in Boston , you call all Muslim 's terrorist ? do n't you think not all Muslim has attitude like that

Off to Children 's Hospital Boston to get my brain checked out this is going to be strange in more ways than one .

They were sayin it 's a good thing boston got bombed . . Are you kidding ?! #tmlt

Facebook post yesterday about the horrific Boston Marathon bombings went viral . Have you read it ?

We join in prayer with our brothers and sisters in the wake of the terrible tragedy in Boston . Holy Spirit , come

My heart goes out to those affected by yesterday 's bombing . #PrayForBoston

. . boston/new york x clippers/grizzlies x golden state/denver are hands down gon na be the best first round series !

Prayers go out to those affected by the tragedies in Boston , America is behind you #PRAY4BOSTON

#prayforboston Heart is so broken for the people in Boston . Jesus , You are hope for the hopeless and

Why We Are Proud to Be a Boston Company Today #SEM #SEO

My heart and Prayers go out to all the people and their families affected by the terrorists in the bombings at the Bosto

Boston training ? Getting back on the horse ?

Let us pray for those affected by the Boston Marathon tragedy . May the God of all power provide you comfort and peace .

Photo : floralet : still trying to get my head around the tragedy of the Boston marathon Bombings . whoever did

It 's sad to know that it takes an event like the bombing in Boston yesterday for people to urge others to pray . People should want to pray !

Even if you did n't run in the Boston Marathon yesterday , here are ways you can prevent foot pain .

More people have been killed in Boston , I hate the world !!! #prayforboston

Letter from Headmaster Brennan to the RL community on the Boston Marathon tragedy

Heavy security at Boston hospitals Just in case

Some friends posted a photograph of a little girl running in a race . It was suggested that she died in the Boston

MT Following the Boston Terrorist Attack , there will be heightened security at

As a Boston-based company , our hearts break for everyone impacted by this tragedy . Thank you to the first responders

My prayer for victims of Boston terrorist attack

Noting that we 're still healing , I am curious how it will affect the #Boston Mayoral election

ACEPer Dr Richard Wolfe from Beth Israel in #Boston .

not a question but a suggestion , how about a raffling off those shoes for the Boston Marathon Victims . #donate #AskPau #Lakersrule

Since I have not had the chance yesterday I 'd like to give my recognition to the innocent people affected by the boston bomb #prayforboston

Person briefed on probe : #Boston explosives made of pressure cookers with metal , ball bearings .

Pop Stars React to Boston Explosions |

Our thoughts and prayers to Boston as they begin their healing process . Our normal feed will resume tomorrow .

RT : How to help #Boston Marathon victims , find information

Live you 're life the way you want to live . If you do n't support the US military and feel bad for the people that were hurt In boston -LSB- c -RSB-

check out this person on the roof on the top left at the marathon in boston . . he looks sketch

PHOTOS : U.S. Newspapers Lead with Explosions at Boston Marathon Finish Line : On the morning after two bombs bl

Have you ever wondered how could the army come quickly for the Boston bombing ?

The main difference btwn Indian/Boston terror/deaths is that managed to find OBVans reporters in Bostonbut struggle in India . .

Be safe Boston . Hope you 're alright , my prayers to the two that have been critically injured .

About Last Night : Boston plus some jokes :

I am here but my mind seems to have taken a flight to Boston . #prayforboston #evilwillnotwin

Once again has proved that despite being the supreme power , the nation 's security measures are still fragile . #BostonMarathon #Boston

Thoughts and condollences out to those involed in the boston marathon #bostonmarathon #peaceoneday

Watertown resident Paul Zdroik , who ran in the Boston Marathon , is safe and spoke w / sports reporter Kevin Wilson about

Counting our blessings #marathon fuse team safe from Boston

Technology offering helping hands on the web.Here are some useful websites and hotlines to help those in Boston ,

NRA never worries about such things - Boston explosions : ` Please do n't be Arabs or Muslims ' via

lls u gon na see ! with the boston tradgedy !?!? we gon na steal game 1 ! Book it !

I 'm sick over what happened in #Boston . I was just planning a trip back to fill out some school papers . Wish I could be there for you guys

Would be a weird target choice for an international too . Boston Marathon is n't exacly an iconic American thing , is it ?

Boston Marathon Explosion , Country Stars React

Living so close to Boston makes it feel so much closer to home

Our thoughts and prayers are with those in Boston and their families .

What You Can Do , in the Face of the Boston Bombings : 11th , which struck a few buildings in a relatively small

#VT flags will be flown at half staff in honor of Boston tragedy as per President Barack Obama 's orders .

pretty sure that bomber did n't read his history books to realize what happened the last time somebody messed with Boston

Want to help people in Boston ? Donate via iCare help make a difference . #Boston #Relief #iCare RT for visibility !

via Les FloydThis is 8-year-old Martin Richard , who was murdered in Boston , yesterday . We should all heed his

We are Virginia Tech , Aurura , Sandy Hook , Boston , and everyone . We have prevailed .

After the horrible bombing yesterday in Boston , we are reminded that life is so very fragile . Take time to tell

-LRB- AP -RRB- -- Person briefed on probe : #Boston explosives made of pressure cookers with metal , ball bearings .

I feel for the people involved in the Boston explosions but I do n't wan na see that shit all over my Instagram TL .

is waiving 100 % of fees for fundraising campaigns to help those effected by Boston Marathn bombings .

I do n't even know how I would organize this but I want to set up a 5 or 10k in LA to raise money for those in Boston . Anyone ?

The fact that is blaming the Boston bombings on gay marriage . You 're all going to hell :-RRB-

today , i dedicated my run to #boston . in some way , i like to believe my 3.5 m was completing someone elses whose got cut

3 i thought you went to boston ?

via Person briefed on probe : #Boston explosives made of pressure cookers with metal , ball bearings .

Barney Frank doubles down on using Boston attack to argue for government spending

Disgusting . Senior Muslim Brotherhood official links Boston blasts to global anti-Muslim conspiracy

I cant qualify for Boston but can cheer . Hall if you go back , I 'm going to root !

My thoughts and prayers are with the people of #Boston ; may they be comforted by the loving embrace and support of a n

Kentwood teacher running Boston Marathon relieved to be home safe

I liked a video from BOSTON MARATHON EXPLOSION RAW FOOTAGE CAUGHT ON TAPE !!

We are deeply saddened by yesterday 's events in #Boston . our plans for the #LondonMarathon on Sun remain unchanged :

Martin , 8 , killed in Boston : he was waitin ' to his daddy at the finish line of the Boston Marathon .

Love to Boston from #GIP #CrestedButte . 29 wicked awesome reasons to love Beantown even more .

Watching the Boston Marathon press conference is breaking my heart .

GM Larry . God bless survivors in #Boston . I 'm off

Forced myself to read about the horror in Boston yesterday . Definitely cried a bit.The brokenness of this world is hard to take sometimes .

Does anyone find it odd that the Boston Marathon , Columbine , Oklahoma City bombing , Waco , and Va Tech shooting all hap

We want to send our thoughts and prayers to #Boston . We are with you ! #unite #bostonmarathon

People need to get their facts straight before spreading certain news around . ESP . involving about Boston .

The Boston Marathon : All My Tears , All My Love | An excellent paean to the marathon itself .

Amy Wu : Boston Tragedy -- One Click Away : Boston seems so far away -- another world -- a cit #HuffPost #China

4 miles in race shirt - a race run on the streets of Boston #runforboston #runchat #fitfluential #zoomanation

I will post Skip 's address of the Boston tragedy as soon as it goes online .

Yesterday blast at Boston during Marathon is a shameful act to innocent people and humanity at large . What can be

Helping students process through events like the Boston bombing . #truth #fb

#prayforboston #PrayForPeshawar #PrayForHumanity . All these bombs will not change our way of fighting but we need to be peaceful #nobombs

I 'm just saying if the Westboro Baptist Church really tries to pull some shit in Boston , they will get shot

GREAT PHOTO - Boston Red Sox Honor #BostonMarathon Bombing Victims . Credit : Alex Trautwig / Getty Images

My heart is broken for the victims in #Boston . The more I hear about injuries stories of families destroyed the har

Boston officials say the explosives used at the Boston Marathon finish line were made of pressure cookers with metal , ball bearings .

This Boston Marathon thing blows my mind . One of the worst things that 's happened in my life time .

To everyone 3 am yetfas7an about boston 's tragedy , even though we 've been through worse , they are still people who lost their lives .

Video : Brothers each lose leg watching Boston Marathon via

Russia ponders sports security lessons from Boston : Russian officials gave mixed signals Tuesday #Chicago #News

A look at the increased security around the world following the Boston Marathon attack .

This is the article from the Daily News that has a few of Lance Sven 's quotes about yesterday 's events in Boston . http

Thoughts and prayers go out to all of those affected by the Boston Marathon bombing . This tragedy will only bring America c

Maybe all those commenting on the Boston Marathon blast could go to the nearest Blood Donation Centre GIVE BLOOD !

3 killed in Boston blast . So sad.At least 40 dead in Iran earthquake . Ho hum

Shipping up to Boston for the #casesmc conference tomorrow morning . Bringing #Pitt love and support with me . Travel safe , everyone !

Sad to hear about Boston . . Social media did a lot to help family friends help find people . #terrorinboston #unafraidtohelp

Thoughts and prayers are with the victims , emergency responders and all those affected by yesterday 's tragic events in Boston .

I want to see all of you succeed with the little time we have here . GOD bless you all and please continue to pray for Boston . #sharelove

Call me crazy , but I do n't think that yesterday 's explosions in Boston were terrorism . #thinkaboutit

Here 's a video taken by a runner at the Boston Marathon catching the explosion just ahead of her . Wow .

Increasingly clear that speed and brilliance of 1st responders medics probably saved many lives in #Boston yester

Prayer , condolences and much love for Boston

#BREAKING Reports out of Boston indicate the bombs were made from pressure cookers , with metal ball bearings . #Boston

Boston will survive this . Gentle purrs for victims , survivors , and the humans who helped them . #BostonMarathon #prayforboston

Boston we are here for you . . love , blessings , and prayers .

Anyone who uses Boston tragedy to stereotype.blame , or spew hate should time a long time to look into your heart and soul !

Obama To Speak - Boston , Budget , Or Barriers To Entry ? - Live Stream : The President is due to address the nati

sharing #suaju How the Boston Explosions Response Was Shaped by 9-11 - ABC News #networking

Narrow call . Glad you are okay . Boston will be strong .

In the wake of Boston attacks , could streets without trash cans become the norm ?

Praying for those who had lost someone or almost lost someone in the Boston marathon bombing . No words to explain my grief . God bless all

To Supporters of Westboro Baptist Church please say the things you tweet about Boston to my face , Ill deliver Gods message , you 'll be KO 'd .

Pray for Boston . May the person behind it die a terrible , horrible death .

New post : Boston Marathon Joins 911 As Terror Landmark

Even more excited than I was yesterday at this time to go home again for the 4th of July on the Charles . #Boston

I hope everyone in #boston that was injured is ok !

Flags flying at half-staff over today honoring the victims in Boston .

Boston Museum of Fine Arts free todaysmall gestures add up to big oneswell done -LRB- and amazing museum -RRB-

Here 's Something . . , What Misinformation Did the Local Boston Press Conference Clear Up ? -

shyt heads bombing boston . fuck u

had just gotten ice cream MT Boy who died in Boston was running from first bomb when second one struck

to all you people posting pics of a little girl or little boy that died in Boston yesterday for retweets Instagram likes : stop

RT if you agree.If the person who bombed Boston tweets , what have you gained ? Anyone can shoot an unarmed man . Only c

The Boston tech community is supporting the #BostonMarathon victims . Join

I are doing a marathon ,28 th , to raise money for the Boston victims.Please re-twt donate

I hope my sisters boyfriend and his cousin are okay after that Boston bombing

Fans want to honor Boston ? Go out and donate blood in your local communities . #SlawesomeIdea

our faith momentarily undone by bombings at the Boston Marathonacts of such vicious violencecrippling , maiming discordance # 5prompt #mpy

Heard that an 8 year old boy was killed by the bombing in Boston . What kind of sick minded person would kill a child ? #PrayforBoston #angry

Nice customer email from which is based in #Boston . It delayed its usual 11 am start to sales in tribute to the victims .

Am so proud of my community for keeping Audra in their thoughts and prayers . Remember those victims of Boston today ! #prayforAudraandBoston

How many of you actually remember what happen in Boston yesterday ? #prayforboston

RT : This is Martin Richard , the youngest victim of the Boston Marathon bombing

Cooke against opposing teams # 1 line if their physical - Boston . Jussi to go against # 1 lines with speed good FO men - Habs .

Bomb Blasts In Boston.Earthquakes In Iran , Pakistan Some Parts Of India.Condolences For Loses , Prayers For Thos

Hey guys . We 're donating some of the proceeds of the book -LRB- $ 1 per copy -RRB- to the Red Cross to help out with Boston .

Wisconsin marathons react after Boston explosions #BostonMarathon #WEAU

My thoughts and prayers to those affected by the tragedy in Boston . . We will rise w / God on our side . . #BostonMarathonExplosions #teamINJ

I still ca n't believe what happened in Boston yesterday , yes I 'm English but I still care .

Gr8t sum up of feelings after Boston events ; Craig Ferguson gives an honest , emotional monologue last night

For all you runners out there , you can download the Runner 's Unite Race Bib here to show your support for Boston

In response to yesterday 's act of violence in Boston MemChurch will hold a candlelight vigil tonight at 8PM .

Thoughts are with all those affected by the actions in #Boston .

Get our full coverage of yesterday 's Boston Marathon tragedy

Heroes emerge from Boston Marathon tragedy #MYTK4LIFE

He said please come to Boston , For the springtime , I 'm stayin ' here with some friends , Prayers to all in Boston !

Editorial : Planting seeds of Fear and Distrust . . The Boston Marathon Tragedy

Is Cincinnati 's blood donation supply equipped for emergencies like Boston Marathon explosions ?

Anyone who blames Muslims or even Islam for the Boston Explosions is a moron .

HIPAA Audit Tips - Key Points from OCR Head 12-13-2012 Talk in Boston -LRB- IT Toolbox Blogs -RRB-

UPDATE : ROOMMATE defends ` person of interest ' - Boston Marathon terrorist attack open thread

Breaking : One Boston Marathon bomb was in a pressure cooker inside a backpack , law enforcement source tells CNN 's

Hoping they catch the right guy who set the boston marathon bombs instead of getting it wrong like the Atlantic Olympic bombing .

Injured South Africans initially reported as runners were in fact spectators #boston

Not that anyone care But . . My sister and my friends are well today :-RRB- my thoughts are with Boston right now

My love and support go out to those who were in the Boston Bombings yesterday . Stay strong and keep faith . #prayforboston

my mom isnt feeling me going to boston this weekend after this bombing .

On bombs and Boston : A good Christian perspective - and what to consider when these things happen .

Not a Boston fan but I 'll be rooting for you . Beat the Knicks down !

Very thankful knowing our friends and colleagues at the Mass. . Dept. of Public Utilities and Dept. of Telecom and Cable are OK . #Boston

OTR Pub Travel Reports of suspicious activity cause travel headaches after Boston blasts - NBCNews .

How To Talk to Your Children About The Boston Tragedy : Our children , like ourselves , are very plugged in these

When Terrorism Comes Close - Tim Meier #Boston

The left wants to blame the Boston bombings on Christians , Republicans , the right , and white men .

MT Obama : Motive for Boston Terrorist Attack Still Unknown

Heartening : The stories of kindness and heroism after the Boston bombing via

Today is a reminder to not take people for granted . Show love and kindness always . #Boston

Heartbreaking prayersAnd love go out to everyone in Boston . Ca n't believe this world weLive in .

Beck : Muslims Responsible For Boston Bombing via

I love how the whole of twitter is either Boston or made in Chelsea #therearetwotypesofpeople

I feel terrible about what happened in Boston ! is terrible this news

Still ca n't believe the news from Boston , those poor families :--LRB-

#Boston reaction . Stepped up security at #TIA . I have never seen so many TSA dogs out .

Yesterday was a horrific day for #Boston and the entire U.S. . We send our thoughts and prayers to everyone -LRB- cont -RRB-

Mate , news says shrapnel and nails appear to have been packed in the boston bombs !

#Boston the alleged pressure cooker used in the bombings was hidden inside a backpack -

-LCB- Celebrities-News -RCB- : Martin Richard : Emotional Photos Of Boston Marathon Bombing Victim

1 #Boston bomb apparently was inside pressure cooker hidden inside backpack .

When the Bombs Exploded in Boston By Desiring God

Our prayers go out to those who were impacted by the Boston bombing and their families . May God 's love come and comfort you !

I was overcome with shock and disgust at yesterdays events in Boston . Having accomplished two 5K races in my

5,000 + people have open their homes for those who need a place to stay #Boston #Amazing

Still physically sick to my stomach . Even though Boston is thousands of miles away , I think for every runner this hit way too close to home .

Our hearts go out to all those affected by the events in Boston yesterday .

Jackie Speier Vows Justice in Boston Marathon Explosions : Congresswoman Jackie Speier issued a statement pledging

Although very sad heartbreaking , thankful that the Boston incident did not cause more harm by the 3rd bomb M 4/15/13 #dailygratitude

What really scares them , what they truly hate , is the access to knowledge that the Boston Public Library building exemp

Like in Boston-Limbaugh is right , Bill Ayers got his start planting bombs killing Americans now he is Obamas friend

What a terrible start to the week . Boston blasts , Earthquake deaths in Iran , Pakistan . Suicide attacks on secular parties in Pakistan .

Thinking about all the families in Boston . Our prayers go out to you . May God keep you in His Tender and Loving Care .

What are your favorite bands from Boston ?

Tune into for special on the Boston Marathon bombing

The Boston Marathon Bombings is clearly an act of Right Wing Conservitive Nut Jobs , and they must be stopped before more are hurt .

Person briefed on probe : #Boston explosives were in pressure cookers , hidden in duffel bags

Bob Nuttall of Ariz. in Boston hotel lobby was one of last #BostonMarathon finishers after running past bomb blasts .

at 6:30 pm Obama on Boston 's ` act of terror ' but no closer to who and why .

More evidence of a staged event in Boston

we are working on the donations . We are changing Wednesdays social run to honor those in Boston .

Source : #Boston bomb was in metal pressure cooker . - CNN

The Chicago Tribune paid tribute to Boston on the cover of its sports section

-LRB- 1/6 -RRB- It 's a shame that it takes vile acts if violence , like the explosions in Boston , to unite us as a nation , and remind us of the people

What happened in Boston ? cheers from argentina

Modi . . Modi . . Modi . . earthqu . . Modi . . Modi . . Modi . . Boston blas . . Modi . . Modi . . Modi . . kids hungr . . Modi . . Modi . . Modi . . Dear Media , EN

Father , You are a God of peace , not of confusion.You are our healer.Protect us from evil.Heal our world our spirits . #PrayForBoston #Boston

Boston backlash ? Man w / gun threatens mosque worshiper , makes anti-Muslim remarks in Queens . via

All the prayers for the victims and families of the boston bombing #prayforboston

Obama : FBI investigating Boston tragedy as act of terrorism

Our hearts are broken by the horrific events in Boston yesterday , and our thoughts are with the running community .

My thoughts go to Boston people #Prayforboston

Watching footage from the Boston Explosions . Disgusting how people could do this . Makes me so angry #prayforboston

From USA Today -- How to help in Boston :

Damn . . there is even a clip in Family Guy that aired weeks ago but the Boston Marathon Bombing is in it.Go look

Pope expresses condolences for victims of Boston Marathon explosions

Freedom Fighters of America : Deadly bombs at Boston Marathon -LRB- playlist -RRB-

My prayers go out to the people of Boston ; to the victims their families . A pointless attack sad day . Thank

Feeling Boston strong ? Check out this badass shirt . Designed by an Emerson student , proceeds to charity !

#pakistan #sports Winter Games security beef up after Boston blasts

Officials to public : Send photos , video from Boston Marathon bombings : Casting for additional leads , aut #news

London Marathon runners urged to show solidarity with Boston victims

I want to express my sadness about the Boston tragedy . My heart goes out to all those people who are hurt from

Only two bombs found in Boston Marathon attack BOSTON -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Officials investigating the Boston Marathon bombing

Thoughts for Boston : Give , Read , Do . #boston #security

Boston bombingsL Story , interactive feature and related links

Still have n't rung any of y family in Boston #BadNece

Prayers for those hit by the terrorist attack in Boston .

family guy episode of boston explosions aired March 17th vvv

Why they keep saying pray 4 boston ? BOSTON didnt get bombed a STREET in boston got bombed ! The proper thing would be 2 pray 4 the families

So sad . R Heartbreaking photo of Martin Richard , the 8-year-old killed in yesterday 's bombing

Our thoughts and prayers with those in Boston , Massachusetts

I will never understand why people are doing this . . #Boston

Wallstreet Journal : Boston Marathon Bombing : Hospital Updates State of Bombing Victims

Good Morning Arizona and Beyond . As we wake up and learn more of the tragedy in Boston please be safe and be aware . We love you and -LRB- 1/2 -RRB-

#Inaug09 Massachusetts National Guard Responds to Boston Bombing : Massachusetts National Guard Responds to B

I 've never seen as many cops and helicopters as I did in Boston yesterday . Tough and sad day for a great City !!

Lords blessings and prayers to the city of Boston . 1luv to those lost and injured the -LRB- cont -RRB-

i still ca n't believe 1D world opened in boston yesterday like of all days it 's just insane

Texas State is having a moment of silence for the tragedy in Boston . I think #UniversityofTexas should step it up and have one too .

it would be so cute if justin sings pray at tonight 's concert for all the people killed in boston .

Thanks to the people on Facebook for liking and sharing photos of blown off limbs as if I was n't feeling awful enough already #Boston

I feel bad for #Boston , but then i dont . Talking bout its a Terroist bombing . Im Muslim , im not too fond when they said that .

Just put together a few tweets and clips in a Storify about Knoxville area in Boston Marathon . #storify #vols

Visual Arts : The Museum of Fine Arts in Boston is offering free admission today to the general public

I love how instantly Boston turned into a conspiracy theory

As someone from Boston , you make me proud to be an American #class #united

I 'm so angry and saddened by what happened in Boston . Kids died and got critically injured . Why involve the children ?

Facebook post about Boston attacks goes viral : Comedian-actor Patton Oswalt may not seem the most likely person

Continue to lift Boston up in prayers

IMPORTANT : They must have had warning of the attack in Boston . Drill my $ Watch this video .

Amused at the thought of trying to protest and the good people of Boston having none of their shit . #MassholePride

Chicago Tribune Honors Boston with Tribute From One Great Sports Town to Another

Heard a great way to sum up Boston bombing : It took them months to plan the attack rescuers seconds to help those

We will work with our philanthropic partners in Massachusetts to provide the latest information on ways to help . -LRB- 2/2 -RRB- #boston

Reporters ran Boston Marathon , then covered tragedy via

My bet is that next year Boston will have more marathon runners than ever before , because we believe in our city #WereNotBrokenJustBent

I ca n't stop watching CNN 's Boston coverage . Spending more time praying than working today . #prayforboston

USA Today - Headline Faith leaders see prayer , questions in Boston tragedy : Prayers fly from the faithful , ask

Boston Marathon families affected by death and injuries are in the prayers of the #NovaNation

Change fees waived 4 those flying into Boston this week

I hope you get your asses beat in Boston . Sucmbags

to call the Boston Bombings attack an act of Terrorism is pure ignornane and denial of the truth that the

HubSpot : Why We Are Proud to Be a Boston Company Today - The Boston Marathon has long been an event that celebrate

Ca n't quite believe a young Irish dancer has lost her leg , and her brother in the Boston bombing ! #heartbreaking #pray4boston

#hugs #prayers to those in the aftermath of senseless violence . We love you #Boston #BostonMarathon

Mars was joining the Sun in Aries for the Boston bombings yesterday . #astrology . Word of the daySensitive .

Boston Bombings Began In Mali , Says Muslim Brotherhood Top Figure

There will be no episode of Radio this week . Our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in Boston .

President Obama delivered the latest information on what is known about the Boston Marathon bombings .

Woke up today feeling so thankful for the little creatures that call me mom . So sad to see the destruction in our world . #boston

THE STAR : Wisma Putra : No Malaysians affected by Boston Marathon bombings : KUALA LUMPUR : The Foreign Ministry

#NDP was proud to support Ryan Leef 's motion this morning condemning attacks in #Boston . Our thoughts are with the vic

Obama to speak from White House on Boston bombings : President Barack Obama will deliver a statement #fortwayne

please continue to pray for Boston . hope the Lord reveals the culprits n brings justice #Jesus

Staten Island 's Joe Andruzzi emerges as Boston Marathon hero -LRB- photos -RRB- |

Boston Marathon bombs were in pressure cookers , according to person briefed on case : A person briefed on the B

Here 's the latest on the Boston Marathon explosions .

Sending prayers to the victims , their families and the city of Boston ! A constant reminder that life is so precious .

Just had someone at work tell me that in response to the bombings in Boston yesterday we should bomb all the Muslim countries . #wow

I 've always wanted to run in the Boston marathon . Maybe one day .

Flags are flown at half staff , and the injured number rises to 172 . Stay strong #Boston

Thinking of Boston all day today . 3

Kara 's aunt was there for 9/11 , and she was at the Boston Marathon cheering her on , they were in the hotel , and they could even feel it

Ca n't believe some in media are asking why we do n't know who is behind the Boston bombings yet .

haha that and all these people who are posting like 7492 statuses about the Boston thig beig so dramatic like SHUTUP we get it

Rt What a wonderful thing to do . Thinking of our Boston friends . ^ Perfect

AP PHOTO : Women leave flowers at the Boston home of Martin Richard , 8 , who was killed in Monday 's bombing : - MM

Hate what happened in #Boston . Now have to contend with second most hated thing : the media coverage and twitter self-righteousness .

How Social Media and the Boston Bombing Can Be a Recipe for PTSD : Yesterday 's horrific events at the Boston Ma

Investigators : Boston #marathon bombs made from pressure cookers filled w/BBs , metal .

Boston is tough and resiliant . We do n't back down

- When you grow up in central Mass Boston is like OZ if you just follow the yellow brick road Rt

Muslim opponent cancels debate with Robert Spencer after Boston terror bombings : I had been scheduled to debat

National Interest - Obama : Boston Explosions Cowardly Act Of Terrorism : Obama offered the nation 's thoughts an

Runners are wearing race shirts and race gear today all over the world to unite and RALLY for Boston . Are you a part of this RALLY ?

Sending sympathy and support to those suffering after yesterday 's violence in Boston .

#WhatShouldPlayNext on KOOL 105.5 ? Boston , or Rupert Holmes ? Vote #np

Dear people freaking out about future #marathons : Whoever #bombed #Boston IS N'T some fat guy who hates #joggers . -- * sigh * #kneejerk

reading all the stories about Boston is so sad #PrayingForBoston

I see pray for Boston signs all over the media I have never stopped praying for Boston . #Lostsouls

Boston Marathon bombed , hundreds injured ; federal officials assume terrorism #bostonmarathon #marathon

I 've just seen some videos of the Boston Marathon bombings , horrific , just horrific . a sickening act of violence committed yet again .

the saddest part ? None of them will look up where Boston is and these are our future LEADERS . #truth

Do n't much like this , but I wrote it . May not make sense ; had n't planned on writing abt Boston . The -LSB- Tuesday -RSB- Paper

Bombing at Marathon was Boston 's 9/11 Ppl who try to make this a political issue among Americans does not deserve a platform

just not for me -- they dont offer a counseling or education major , I do n't like living on campus , and I miss home/Boston !

-LRB- AP -RRB- A person briefed on Boston Marathon investigation says explosives were in 6-liter pressure cookers and placed in bla

What if after we find out who bombed the Boston Marathon we forgave them and gave them a life sentence . #forgive #prayersforBoston

Why We Are Proud to Be a Boston Company Today : The Boston Marathon has long been an event that celebrates huma ht

MT Source : Other two Boston victims are women , one young and white and the other Asian . Third was 8-year-old Martin Richard .

via Boston Marathon bombing : Front pages from papers around the world

I would like to say thank you for what he did in yesterday 's show regarding the Boston tragedy . . what a true human being !!

Thank u to all those who helped the victims - Applauding the First Medical Responders In the Boston Tragedy - Forbes

The Right Freaks Out and Thinks Obama Will Blame Boston Bombings On Tea Party #p2 #p2b #topprog #ctl

* hears about bombing in Boston * first thought - North Korea !!

We are sending thoughts and prayers to all the marathon runners and their families in Boston .

We bin hit by another tragedy / Boston . Prayer and sending love who bin impacted and to the rest who is helping those in tragedy to go trough

Definitely a heavy police presence in #Boston today .

Ever have your skin hurt bc your goosebumps are so strong ? That 's how I feel reading about #Boston this morning . It 's so horrible

First woman to run in the Boston Marathon in 1967 , an SU alumnus , is safe in Boston .

Congressman : Hunt for Boston bombing suspect continues - Austin American-Statesman : Times of IndiaCong #usnews

Just heard about Boston . It 's unimaginable that other human beings can cause these kinds of tragedies . My thoughts are with all affected .

Liz did n't get to finish the #Boston #Marathon , maybe we can help her reach her fundrasing goal ?

Your life kind of pauses , your heart unseams and steps out of its box when tragedies happen #Boston

PHOTOS : U.S. Newspapers Lead with Explosions at Boston Marathon Finish Line : On the morning after two bombs blew up near the finish l

So sad what happened in Boston . I hope they will be able to save the rest of peoples lives there . #PrayforBoston

Westboro baptist church , please come to Boston to catch the worst beatings of your life . Please . We will be looking for u guys .

Wearing my Pedroia jersey for Boston , the strongest city . #prayforboston

Local runners witness Boston explosions

My little sister made a shirt that says ` pray for Boston ' a w

Boston and Sandy Hook | We need to be investing in education for tolerance and understanding to prevent such events .

Come clean on Benghazi and FastFurious first , Big Zero . Then you can talk about Boston

GOD BLESS BOSTON , HOPE THEY RECOVER QUICKLY !

- No worries , the currency runs did their job . Markets now using Pre-Boston levels as support .

R.I.P Martyn Richard killed in the Boston bombing he was only 8 years old .

Gov. Bullock orders flags flown at half staff today through sundown Saturday to honor memory of Boston bombing victims . #mtnews

How to talk to your kids about the #Boston Marathon bombings weighs in with her expertise

Security heightened in #AnneArundel County following #Boston bombings :

Pray for Boston . Keep running !! I just finished a 5.04 mi run with Nike + Running . #nikeplus

In case anyone missed it here is report from Michael Gossum with an update on runners from BG in the Boston Marathon :

Martin Richard , 8 , killed in Boston Marathon bombing via

Are there any Boston-area #sachat folks headed to the vigil on the Common tonight ? It 'd be great to go together

I just hope there are n't any cosmetic , reactionary measures post-Boston . That would be unhelpful .

#Boston friends -- anyone else feel this way ? Or am I crazy ?

#Bomb #Boston Obama vows response to US bombings as injured ` Saudi national ' queried

Grimm family of Ohioville , regular racers , would have been in Boston for marathon via

Idiot doing what he does best , spin , Axelrod Suggests Boston Bombing Related to Tax Day | David Axelrod | Fox Nation

Medical tent , just out front of the Boston Public Library , very near the attack site .

Love what is doing . $ 100 to Boston for a catch and $ 200 for a dropped ball . Lets hope he has a terrible season ! -LRB- Joking -RRB-

I 'm sorry but the Boston Bombings are a total #FalseFlag event , like 9/11 . How long before they blame Korea we '

song of the day : BOSTON - THE DRESDEN DOLLS

UPDATE : MORE VIDEOS : Several Hurt In Explosions At Boston Marathon Finish Line

Of course Boston is crawling with news crews today . What happened to positive media ?

The TV is on and it 's all about Boston . It 's killin my vibe . And an old man just walked in . He 's so cute all hunched over and shuffling .

Stand with Boston . All proceeds go to Red Cross .

my deepest sympathy to the people of the great city of Boston . Ghook listener

-LRB- 1/2 -RRB- Per President #Obama , US #flag to be 1/2 staff immediately thru Sat 4/20 in #memoriam for #Boston

It 's terrible what happened in Boston WTF is wrong with people these days ? #Boston

Our thoughts go to all the victims of the Boston bombing and their families .

Q : Did all those people injured at the #Boston #Marathon have to pay for the Medical attention they received ? #healthcare #yyc

Let 's pray together for the victims of Boston 's Marathon

Important Update - Boston Marathon Explosions

Sorry but no one in England actually cares about the Boston bombings , they just pretend to , fair enough if they

Michael Graham says Boston is NOT going to change

Marathon runners finishing their race and running to the hospital to give blood for the wounded #prayforboston

Netanyahu extends sympathy to Obama in wake of #Boston bombing #Israel shoulder to shoulder with the American people

Obviously I know the Boston incident would 've lead potential viewers in the direction of the news , but still . .

FBI investigating explosions in Boston as act of terrorism , President Obama says - via

Spring Hill reflects on MLK , Boston : Spring Hill College is celebrating the 50th anniversary of Dr. Martin Lut

My thoughts are with those affected by the horrendous event that took place in Boston yesterday . May we find peace in our hearts . xoxo

Dancing in the streets of Gaza over Boston bombings via Atlas Shrugs - End US aid to these

#DMCRSS Bipartisan immigration bill delayed after Boston bombings : The bill would put the 11 million imm #NEWS

My feed is a mixture of EDHI and Marathon Bombing . Interesting day to be a Boston Deaf

Bill Ayers ' Bombings No Different Than Bombings in Boston #BigTweet

My heart goes out to all of the people effected by the Boston Marathon bombing ! #bostonmarathon #bostonstrong

How sad is the situation in Boston . One minute a running athlete , the next your legs gone from under you . Prayers and hopes .

A detailed analysis of terrorism in American after 9/11 #boston

Every American citizen affected in the Boston blasts will be compensated . Hamaray ghareebon ko lun ka topa bhee nahi miln

Family guy has an boston marathon bombing episode . It brodcasts it a month before the actual event . #Reality .

Waking up my beautiful city of Boston #prayforboston #unitedwestand

Now Muslims killed that people in Boston ? - . - muslims are n't terrorist

Damage Control : Obama Calls Boston Bombing ` Terrorism ' via ~ I knew he could it . #ctot #tcot #then

Interactive map of where the Boston Marathon runners were , by

NorCal News : Relieved family awaits return of Concord woman after Boston Marathon #norcal

I swear I hate Boston ! I want to moooooove !

It 's been a rough day . We know a lot of Boston runners and have a lot friends who were on the course . We 'll be back soon .

Indiana at Boston -LRB- CANCELLED -RRB- Get more updates :

Getting meta a photo of the photographer taking one of the most evocative photos yesterday in #boston

we want to increase our blog traffic ! tell us about the time you ate some boston baked beans

Crazylegs , other marathons react after Boston explosions : Wisconsin marathon organizers are p #madisonneareast

AP source : Boston bombs were in pressure cookers -

Just completed a 2.12 mi run - My motivation today ? Boston . #RunKeeper

I might have moved to Florida 15 years ago but Ill always call Massachusetts/Boston my home And you can never take the Boston B off my back

Our thoughts prayers are with the victims of yesterdays bombing . Many thanks to Boston Police , Boston Fire ,

Solidarity with Boston : See how New Yorkers are showing love .

I 'm at International Village Dining - -LRB- Boston , MA -RRB- w / 2 others

#Boston Con los terroristas . . . do the harlem shake

Tragedy in #Boston has hit home in a big way.I chatted to Bruce Fordyce today who 'd run it previously , just so senseless and heartbreaking !

Bomb apparently involved pressure cooker

IL MONDO STA FINENDO . BOMBE A BOSTON E TERREMOTO IN IRAN .

Uh , Boston ? MORE THAN A FEEEEELIIIIINNNNNN

Our thoughts and condolences go out to those affected by the explosions at the Boston Marathon . The American Red

care when it deals with us . When worse things happen in other countries nobody gives a shit . Not disrespecting Boston at all .

My deep concern for victims in boston #PrayForBoston

HubSpot Blog : Why We Are Proud to Be a Boston Company Today - The Boston Marathon has long been an event that cele

Getting really sick of this so called Tea Party . The Boston Tea Party actually did something . This one just complains like everyone else .

Want to help those affected by the Boston Marathon explosions ? Here 's a few simple ways you can

Watching videos of the Boston marathon . Sad shit . .

The love and support I 'm seeing from everyone for Boston is so overwhelming and it makes me so happy .

The fact that it 's the London Marathon this weekend . . just praying everyone is safe 333 I just #prayforboston

@highlight

The NBA has announced that tomorrow 's game between the Pacers Boston Celtics at TD Garden has been canceled

@highlight

The explosions in Boston with victims ages 3-62 , latest from Boston 3 dead , 130 injured in Boston Marathon .

@highlight

Martin Richard , the 8-year-old victim killed in Boston Bombing

@highlight

At the marathon finish line , two bombs exploded and the third was blown up by the Authorities .

@highlight

Business heavily damaged following bomb blast in Boston

@highlight

Authorities Detain Saudi National as Suspect in Boston Bombing

@highlight

FBI investigating explosions in Boston as act of terrorism .