3 bombs just went off in Boston , 2 Explosions at the finish line of a marathon

Boston Marathon : The reports 2 dead , 23 injured , 20-year-old Saudi Arabian national being held suspect

The marathon runners running straight through to donate blood at Mass General

I 'm so sad right now . My heart goes out to all those injured in Boston :-LRB-

Hope no one experiences what happened in Boston today ever again

When did people become such savages ? My prayers go out to all the families in Boston . #prayforboston

Boston does n't just need prayer the world needs prayer

I am deeply saddened and sickened by the boston marathon explosions #prayforboston

There 's a crisis in Boston all these Zayn Malik fans r yelling at me about this picture I posted weeks ago ? htt

I met a person from Boston today

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all of those affected by the tragedy that took place earlier today in Boston .

Still waiting for my family in Boston to call

Our prayers are with those in Boston and their families .

Shocking scenes online from Boston - hope to God reports of an 8-year-old child being one of those killed is not true

I pray for my family who lives in Boston and also for the people in Boston #PrayForBoston

Can someone hurry up clarify whether or not this is a possible suspect on the Boston bombing?Cus it 's just stran

excuse me . Can you not . He was n't even in Boston today . Go fuck a knife .

Cellphone use heavy , but still operating in Boston : Cellphone companies say service is operating i #Technology

My heart goes out to all who were affected by the explosions in Boston . Such a horrible tragedy . May God blanket

Prayers going out to those affected in Boston

As a New Yorker , I can say that Boston is a wonderful city with great people and nothing will ever change that #prayforboston

Please , if you are in Boston , do n't go out and stay as far away as possible from the place of the events . #prayforboston

Pray for the people in Boston , a terrible terrible thing . #prayforboston

Our thoughts and prayers go out to those who were injured or killed in the Boston Marathon . Ave atque vale . #prayforb

Talking about the Boston marathon explosions ?

retweeted the only non-offensive sickipedia jokes to do with Boston . 2 out of like 10

All my love and condolences to people caught up in the #Boston #BostonMarathon tragedy x

Injury total from Boston Explosion now at 105 .

Disgusting people in this world blowing up #Boston , 8 year old has died and at least 50 injured ! #prayforboston

Boston area MTs , students and faculty are asked to heed warnings and advisories from the Boston Mayor 's office .

#MUSTFOLLOW After Boston blasts , Obama vows to get answers - USA Today - USA TODAY : PoliticoAf #TEAMFOLLOWBACK

Yes United fans caused the bomb in Boston . Well done . Case closed . Arrest us all .

Watching the News on the Boston Marathon is breaking my heart #PrayForBoston

Boston Marathon is the oldest in the world : The Boston Marathon is the oldest annual marathon in the world and

New Kids ' Joey McIntyre tweets he 's OK after Boston explosions

#Boston #marathon donors must tell #redcross their $ donations r 4 #victims otherwise it wo n't get 2 victims . Ask #Newtown

hahahaha ! Nope , they just needed one large enough to display Watt 's wingspan ! ;-RRB- How are you ? Prayers to your Boston friends

seriously those people who are making jokes about people dying and the bombing is beyond disgusting . #prayforboston

aw harry tweeted about the boston marathon bombing see fuck you to everyone who was calling him an ass hole for not tweeting earlier

prayers to the victims and friends/family of those injured or killed in the Boston marathon today #prayforboston

All these people saying pray for Boston either do n't pray or go to church . No need to post it .

Share post ------- if you are praying or thinking of all involved in Boston 's accident .

Ca n't believe Boston got bombed man !!!

Two people were killed as a result of the Boston marathon bombing , one being an 8 year old boy . People are sick .

Do your prayers REALLY go out to Boston ? Or are you just posting that to make yourself look good ?

I will be running the Country Music Marathon to raise funds for Boston victims Please /

what happened in boston its just sad -RRB- :

My thoughts and prayers to everyone in Boston and those affected

Wow . this is tragic . I wish the world was n't so violent , my thoughts prayers go out to everyone in boston . #prayforboston

Just seeing the Boston pics . Words fail me !

When will people start appreciating differences in others instead of attacking them . Senseless violence leads to acts of vengeance #Boston

#obama refusing to say the word 's #Terror #Threat in #Boston #Bombing he might #Insult the #Terriost 's

Lets be honest here . What happened at the boston bombing happens everyday in iraq , where is all iraq 's prayer ?

Oh god just heard of Boston . I 'm watching the news it 's just heart breaking #PrayersForBoston

Man what a shock to get out of class and hear news about the Boston marathon ! Thoughts and prayers go out to all affected ! #prayforboston

8 year old child died in Boston

Reading up on this Boston situation . Its just so sad what some people let themselves come to .

Niggas always complaining Boston is Neva in the news . . But shit afta today we are on every channe

I hope people do n't start blaming Muslims/Arabs/Middle-Easterners for the Boston bombing without getting any hard evidence first .

AIFD is keeping the city of #Boston and all those affected in our thoughts and prayers tonight .

Heart goes out to everyone affected by the Boston explosions . Sad that some people force their anger for the world on innoc

My heart goes out to everyone in Boston . Such a tragedy . #prayforboston

The chills I get from the Boston bombings are crazy who ever could do this to innocent people is something ill neve

Praying for the injured , care givers , and law enforcement in Boston . Join me . #heartbreaking

my prayers are going out for the victims of the bombing in Boston , that is messed up . #prayforboston

Our hearts and prayers go out to those in Boston tonight .

All cell phones in Boston are down . This shit is getting serious

i 'm still shock bout whats happened in boston #prayforboston

My prayers go out to all of Boston today #BostonMarathon #sincerevine #remake

- Damnnnnnnnn thats fucked up , , how that bomb exploded in Boston !!

Why is there so much drama over something so stupid ? Boston was bombed today and you care more about yourself right now . Just stop .

Ca n't believe what happened in Boston caused just as many disagreements and people getting mad at what other people said than people caring .

I go to the finish line every year for the Boston marathon except this year because I had a baseball game #weird #holyshit

The explosions in Boston with victims ages 3-62 , a harsh reminder to try to live each day to the fullest never w

#prayforboston Somebody plant bombs in Boston . Man that person should just die sia .

President Obama Addresses The Boston Explosions

Aurora.Sandy Hook.Boston.All in the past year . I ca n't even comprehend why people do this . It 's sickening .

I feel like eating a Boston cream pie now

My 8 year old is confused about what happened in Boston and wants to understand why . We just had a conversation h

Deepest sympathy to Boston Marathon from Indonesia . #PrayForBoston

SIGH , iz there anyone not mentioning the bomb blast in Boston New York ? SAD = -LRB-

Cowardly , despicable act committed today in Boston . Runners and spectators were turned into victims . My thoughts and pray

yeahyeah , r.i.p to those lost in boston . BUT one word.soldiers

What happened in Boston is so terrible all those innocent people who 's lives are in danger and those injured and killed #prayforboston

Full transcript of Obama Boston Marathon Explosion Speech and Video of same :

8 year old among those dead in Boston :-LRB-

So sad to hear about what happened in Boston . Classy move by the Habs to hold a moment of silence before the game tonight #PrayersForBoston

#Obama Obama : Unclear Who Is Responsible for Explosions : Obama : Unclear who is responsible for Boston explosio

Monitoring the scene back home . My thoughts and prayers are with the injured and everyone at in Boston

Pray for those in Boston , my uncle is running in it and I hope he 's ok

Hospitals report at least 105 injured , at least 15 critically , in Boston explosions - via

I am disgusted that people in the world are that heartless to bomb such a well known event with many families . #Pra

U GUYS R HEARTLESS BITCHES HARRY OBVIOUSLY WOULDVE SAID SOMETHING ABOUT BOSTON LATER ON BUT U BITCHES BULLIED HIM INTO

My positive thoughts , prayers heart go out to all those who were hurt today in Boston . #PrayersForBoston

AIGHT why in the fuck are there Facebook pages for victims of the Boston marathon that were setup a few days ago , did they just predict the

realistically , you can tweet that you 're praying for Boston , but how many of you are actually getting on your knees

i have chills watching the news coverage of the horrible events in boston today . brought to tears . praying for all of you .

Coming up in about 5 min on - a doc who treated patients in Boston today . Thanks to

Boston Marathon Explosion Witnesses : Smoke , Trampling , ` Like a War Zone ' - ABC News -LRB- via

Boston Bombings : How the Networks Are Covering the Tragedy - Yahoo! TV via

two bombs went off durning the Boston marathon . And no , it only happened a few hours ago .

Send your thoughts and prayers to Boston

Wtf happen in Boston ??? I 'm so late on everything

I know Boston is the headline at the moment , but just seen this great speech by Bill Kenwright at Anfeild today .

If y' all gon pray , you might as well pray for everybody . Boston is n't the only place hurting .

Full statement : President Obama speaks to the United States after bombings at Boston marathon today

Was upset to hear about terrible events in Boston now that I 've heard about 8 year old being killed I 'm crying relating it to my Olivia

in the midst of the horror , i 'm amazed bravery quick response of the Boston Police , EMS personnel Natl Guard #prayforboston

Damn Dey really bombed Boston doe

Absolutely heartbreaking -- Boston is strong will continue to be strong prevail , as will our country . #PrayersforBoston

Watching what 's happened in Boston on Sky News . Appalling scenes .

Appalled , saddened , angered and disgusted by what 's happened in Boston . My thoughts are with all affected .

Thoughts go out to all affected in Boston . Ca n't imagine the suffering endured by the families of those killed . One was 8 years old .

We are living in a country that is like others now . We can no longer count on our safety . Pray for the people in Boston .

Hope they do n't bring that Boston shit to Atlanta

After Boston explosions , people rush to Twitter for breaking news

who ever was on that roof in boston throw that bomb smh .

Wear purple for boston and write a semicolon on your wrist for depressed and suicidal people tomorrow

This world is a mess.Prayers blessings go out to Boston .

# 24H 3641likes Google Person Finder Locates Missing at Boston Marathon Explosion

Alamak my Boston girl is grocery shopping now right after the bombing . LOL YOLOOOOO HAHAHAHA

Tonight I choose to focus on the heroes of today 's tragedy in Boston , those who rushed to help or give blood . Screw the hate in the world .

Crazy how this marathon has been going on for years and it 's Boston 's personal holiday and then this horrible event happened . #prayforboston

Just woke up and heard what happened in Boston . My heart and pray goes to everyone 's there :'-LRB- #prayforboston

wowoow this whole boston situation is actually quite scary , my respect for the 8 year old boy who died today .

It 's just a huge accomplishment to qualify for Boston , and this happens ? Gosh , I do n't even know what to say anymore .

Horrible what happened in Boston . Now multiply that times 10 or 20 and you 'll have a good picture of Iraq and Afghanis

I find that it 's quite selfish to be worrying about Dan and Phil rather than people who are actually in Boston . That 's all I have to say .

Oh shit . It is pretty serious in Boston . #PrayForBoston

Of course is worry about what 's going on in Boston , of course E V E R Y B O D Y is worried . #societysucks

Thoughts and prayers to those in Boston . Words can not express

KSTP Anchors at Boston Marathon Tweet Live : While in Boston , KSTP Sports Anchor Chris Long and Ne #minneapolis

Terrible events in Boston . Ugh . I hope they find those responsible . Hopefully those with serious injuries make speedy recoveries .

Ca n't believe I was just in Boston just a few mounts ago . #prayingforthatcity

Networks Extend Nightly Newscasts , Preempt Programming in Wake of Boston Attack - Yahoo! TV via

Pray for those affected by the terrorism in Boston , MA , USA #BostonMarathon ,

No military base in Boston , but I see soldiers with EOD patches there as soon as the explosion goes off .

officers responding to Boston now as part of response

So sickened over the events in Boston today . How could anyone be so evil ??? :*-LRB- my thoughts and prayers are with those affected . 3

This Boston bombing is really scary though

Wait what all happened in boston I 'm confused !!

Hearing more and more about Boston today , then it hits you . You realize life is special . Do n't waste it ! #prayforboston

We extend our deepest sympathies to those who have been and are being affected by the events in Boston today .

He lost his girlfriend in the bombing of Boston , please pray .

If you have n't seen the magnitude of the Boston situation please go on Yahoo . Dear God so brutal . #PrayForBoston

LIVE now on Al Jazeera , Kimberly Halkett in Washington DC , talking increased security around White House after Boston Marathon explosions .

Boston Bomb , Hillsborough crushing and the sinking of the titanic all on 15th April #DarkDay

Boston on high alert following marathon explosions : People in Boston are told to stay inside , while some subway service has been susp

I hope my cousin Shane out in Boston is okay right now #prayforboston

you say how all the pray for Boston stuff is stupid and then you retweet someone saying it

I do n't live near Boston or even in American but I 'm scared out of my mind .

People are starting rumors about Boston . Guys this is n't a time to joke around .

Boston on high alert following marathon explosions : People in Boston are told to stay inside , while some subwa

Seeing the Boston pictures makes me sick .

So yeah guys you enjoy that Boston Marathon ? I thought it was a blast ! - toxic

MY heart goes out to Boston . Let 's pray :-LRB-

The Boston thing is seriously breaking my heart . #PrayForBoston

RIP for the tragic loss of 2people in Boston and my thoughts r with the injured n friends n family!Cruel world we live in ! #tragedy #Boston

Just heard about Boston . Flipped on CNN , 20 minutes later I realize I 'm watching Terrorism Porn . #BostonMarathon

I was sleep go Instagram and find out Boston had a bombing like wtf wrong w / this damn world

Houston area runners detail Boston blast : Houston area runners detail Boston blast Houston Chronicle #houston

On at 7:50 tonight about fake twitter accounts claiming to raise money for Boston

My heart goes out to all those Canadians and Americans alike that are affected by the bombings in Boston . #prayforboston

Find out about #nwindiana runners and how to track info on Boston marathon participants

Whoever is already pointing blame at the Muslims for today 's events in Boston is pretty ignorant .

In Pictures : Stories of #kindness after the Boston marathon bombing #PrayForBoston

Explosions at Boston Marathon Kill 2 - Found at

This world can be harsh ! People left their homes this morning to go to the Boston Marathon in peace

Thoughts go out to all those in Boston right now . Unbelievable .

You go to watch a movie . . U get shot ! You run a marathon . . U get bombed ! #PrayForBoston

Brad Garett ! What a POS ! Hinting ` patriots ' bombed Boston ! I 'm a patriot w / 20 years service - decent family - screw ABC !

I hope the sick bastard -LRB- s -RRB- who set the bombs off in Boston suffer a slow miserable death , preferably at the hands of the victims family

Even when the world seems dark and full of despair , love will overcome . My thoughts and prayers go out to those in Boston .

Our thoughts are with the victims , our Brothers and Sisters from Boston EMS , law enforcement , and fire fighters .

Boston 3 it 's all bad y' all

I bet 50 % of the people do n't give a shit about Boston and they just wana get likes and retweets

MT If you 're in Boston or know someone there , connect w friends family on the Safe and W

The Associated Press tweeted at 7:01 PM on Mon , Apr 15 , 2013 : U.S. lawmakers cite terrorism in deadly Boston Marathon explosions

Just heard about that 8 year old kid dying In #Boston utter tragedy . Can not even imagine what her family are going through , heartbreaking !

that doesnt mean that every person there knows the feeling . boston is no more or less full of sheep than any other city

Unbelievable scenes in Boston . What is wrong with people ?

lol this isnt even about him . lol its about the boston explosion . LOL

So many people here at UT have been affected first hand . Please pray for those in Boston to what ever God or power you want #prayforboston

Heart goes out to all the people that passed today . Whether it was the Boston bombing , or something else .

Our thoughts and prayers are with Boston . Stay safe .

U.S. will hold accountable whoever carried out Boston explosions : Obama

Talking to some friends across the pond it looks most likely that the Boston outtage was committed by small and local perp/group . Dark day

Director Riggs indicating are events are safe but officials will review incident in Boston

If you 're stranded in Boston , need emergency housing #bostonmarathon , Couchsurfers have offered help

If you have a little time to spare today , please say a prayer for Boston .

Hmmm 4/20 is coming up Wonder how many jobless broke dudes go to Boston to try and get smoked up

Deepest sympathies for those affected by the senseless events in Boston , our thoughts and prayers are with you tonight

Our thoughts go out to everyone affected by the attack in Boston this afternoon .

What happen in boston ? I see all the picture on my TL . OMG ! . #PrayForBoston

Prayers go out to everybody that was injuried in the boston bombing .

Man clinging to his dead gf in boston today : /

It really annoys me how America gets so much more attention than some other parts of the world . No disrespect to Boston

may i know what happened in Boston ?!

I feel sick and ill . The Boston Marathon was being run in honor of Sandy Hook victims . An 8 yr old boy among victims .

My thoughts prayers are with the families people who have had their lives changed by the Boston bombing .

Everytime a tragedy happens like in Boston , I always think the people who never speak in school will end up like the person who did it

Holding in prayer all those affected by the events in Boston . For those who have died , the injured their loved o

Boston Marathon ` terrorist ' explosions kill two , injure more than 100

Thinking of my friends and at Boston today . So glad that you are okay . Sending love .

Hey guys guess what ? Just cuz a bomb went off DOES N'T mean a Muslim did it ! #prayforboston #donewithpeople

Mobile connections broken in Boston if you are trying to reach someone in the caos

Thoughts and prayers out to those in Boston . Horrific tragedy to such a great town and event #Pray4Boston

Hash tagging pray for boston wont help anything why dont u guys get on ur knees and actually pray

I have such a sick , uneasy feeling today.and it even started before the Boston bombing -LRB- gold/stock plunge , etc. -RRB-

Thoughts and prayers are with the family 's in the Boston tragedy . Nobody should ever have to go through that #PrayersForBoston

Stop tweetin pray for Boston and just do it

How kids in like 3040 are gon na be reading about the Aurora shooting and the Newton shooting and the Boston bombing in their textbooks

Prayers go out to the victims and families involved in the Boston marathon incident . #bostonmarathon

Go donate blood or platelets at your local donation center ! Even if you do n't live in #Boston , it could be needed near you one day .

Watching Boston scenes on BBC midnight news . Horrific . it was a marathon , for God 's sake . Whoever has done this , why bomb a marathon ?

Breaking News : Boston Police have found Kim Jong Un hiding under the bleachers at Fenway Park .

prayers go out to the people in Boston that lost friends or family . such a horrible thing that happened .

my heart goes out to the people who lost family or got injured out there in Boston . this stuff is real y' all . #prayforboston

oh me too but im watching coverage from todays boston marathon .

why are people making jokes about the bombs in Boston saying ` bomb my school also ' I 'm sorry but fuck your school , people have died out there

One of the casualties of the Boston Marathon bombing was an 8 year old childen.I am #offically disgused with the human race

For our friends who have suffered tragedy in Boston . This one 's for you !

The stupidness of people thinking a facebook page was made about boston bombings on saturday is correct is unreal

Prayers go out to the Beautiful Strong Community of Boston . #PrayForBoston

Heart Goes Out To Boston . I 'd Never Want To Go Through That . #Prayers

anyone hear about the bombing in boston ?

mean so sad why someone explosions Boston marathon 2 dead least 80 I injury

What happened in Boston today is no less than tragic . Thoughts , prayers , and blessings go out to the victims and their families .

Our thoughts are with Boston tonight , especially those that have been injured , killed , or have witnessed today 's

alright , how many of yall knew there was a Boston marathon going on before this shit even happened ? . none of yal

So glad my Aunt and her family that live in Boston were n't near the bombing !

Protect your self today !! Benefits are good for situations like the Boston Marathon

It 's the yellow balloons I keep seeing , and who might have held them . #Boston

Boston Globe reporting one of dead was an 8yo boy . via

Not necessarily pet-related , but still wonderful nonetheless . Whether it 's first responders in Boston 's awful tragedy today or animal

I 've blocked about 10 people so far making a joke about the bombing in Boston . Why the fuck would you joke about this ?

Westboro Baptist Church to picket funerals of those dead by Boston Bombs ! GOD SENT THE BOMBS IN FURY OVER FAG MARRIAGE

unbelievable it 's sickening what this person -LRB- or group -RRB- did in Boston today . people 's lives should n't be taken like this #prayforBoston

Prayers going out to the families of those injured and lost in Boston .

My heart goes out to #Boston . What is wrong with people ? #prayforboston

this has turned into a war between our fandom which is ridiculous . Im going to try sleep , dont forget to actually pray . stay safe boston x

Thoughts are with those caught up in the tragedy in boston

That 's sad , my heart goes out to Boston . .

Seeing all this stuff from the Boston explosion literally makes me sick . It honestly blows my mind how heartless and cruel

I 've started crying numerous times . Boston is so much more than a city , it 's one of my loves and it hurts to see it like this

if the Boston stuff did n't happen you would n't either

the boston tragedy is a reminder that we have no idea when our last day on this earth will be . . live everyday like it 's yo

Thoughts and prayers going out to my friends and family in Boston . My condolences to the innocent victims . #prayforboston

They keep changing the amount of people injured in Boston

Boston Marathon bombing kills 2 , injures over 100 | AP #news

Ca n't imagine what any of the ATs , EMS , runners , more at the Boston marathon are thinking . Really shows ANYTHING can

Momma Mary , pray for those in Boston !

#prayforboston . Why ! Seriously are people just so stupid . Ohh im just going to bomb a running things cause im just that smart ! No just no

Praying for all those affected by the bombing in Boston this afternoon .

Bombing At The Boston Marathon Kills Two , Reportedly Injures More Than 70 Keep all of these people in your prayers .

if you have to force sympathy for the people of Boston today , then you probably suck .

I will pray for Boston . That 's all I can do . That donate blood . In the meantime , I 'm gon na hug my ponies as hard as I can .

Thoughts and prayers to all concerned in #Boston tonight as I go bed , all our views right/wrong , who/why . poor folk murdered !! #Terrible

You would have to have a really sick twisted mind to do something like bombing the Boston marathon .

drop a freestyle about what just happened in Boston talk the real talk Kool London listening !

FYI for those with friends and family who were participating in or watching the Boston Marathon , the Red Cross 's

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all those in Boston !

Boston Explosions Will Fuel ` Domestic Terrorism ' Laws , Expand TSA

Woke up to devastating news on Boston explosion . Deepest condolences , America .

My brother was only 1.5 miles away from the finish line of the Boston Marathon . I am so thankful he was not injured .

Our hearts go out to the victims and their families at the Boston Tragedy . Our thoughts are with you .

OK guys lets get something straight here Zayn is NOT the one who BOMBED Boston guys you really need to GROW UP

Runners who ran straight to the hospital to donate blood are a positive we can take from this tragedy . Boston is filled with

Lmao You 'd Swear Tha Niqq Is From Boston -LRB- . _ . -RRB-

Sad Boston Globe confirms that one of two victims killed in Marathon explosion was an 8 year old bo

Prayers going out to Boston and hoping our readers and friends there are safe . We have a former hockey teammate

Another bombing , more senseless deaths . My condolences to the grieving in Boston

For those wondering yeah we are still going to go to Boston I need a good mini vacation and it is n't too far and I always wanted to go there

No Fly Zone over Boston , Increased security in New York White HouseBlocked Mobile Phone communications in Boston . Is a slight overeaction

An 8 year Old is among The Dead in the Boston Marathon terror attack.Oh my :-LRB- -LRB- -LRB- #prayforboston

While what happened in Boston is tragic , what hurts me more is that sort of thing happens everyday in some countries and no one cares .

Good to hear my cousin , living in Boston , who was near the site of the bombing , is physically okay . Ca n't imagine the emoti

Types of injuries being treated at Mass General at the link-Graphic Images and descriptions : #Boston

If anyone knows anyone from Temple who was running in the marathon or is in Boston , please contact me asap joseph.cran

Thoughts and Prayers go out to all in Boston tonight .

God whys the world ugly when you made it in your image ? #Boston #tragedy

Heaven gained two beautiful young angels today . Fly high babies , you 'll never be forgotten here in Boston

2 dead , 86 injured at the Boston Marathon . The Boston Globe reports that an 8-year-old boy is one of the fatalities .

my last tweet i think she confused boston with 9/11 someone get her some penicillin

I blame the government for Boston the Vice president did n't even know what happen but he said terrorists did it in the first 5 min

PH flag seen in area of Boston Marathon explosion , photo from ptvph

It 's pretty safe to say that the events in Boston today will end up on South Park at some point .

Speechless about what happened in Boston . I just do n't get it .

Dan is in NY ; Eric works in Boston . It was a relief to hear from him even though I knew he was working . What an insane day .

Have a wonderful evening everyone . -LRB- -LRB- Hugs -RRB- -RRB- Sending safe thoughts and hugs to Boston

Our thoughts prayers are with the families friends of those affected by this terrible Boston tragedyXX

its crazy that shawns getting called out to boston for this disaster , so close to home . #scary #soldier

Praying for everyone affected by the explosions at the Boston marathon . So sad .

Google has activated its Person Finder service in the aftermath of the Boston Marathon explosions .

Foto : happy-wbu : Prayers for people that were in/knew someone in the bombing in Boston .

My thoughts go to those in Boston . I like this attitude : #pattonoswald #bostonmarathon

My prayers go out to those frightened families in Boston . May they be safe . #PrayersForBoston

Just heard the news , so sad , thoughts on everybody in Boston !!!!!!!

#Boston sad day in my hometown and I am praying for all impacted by this senseless and coward act

Reminder to video news outlets -- check your pre-roll advertisements running before clips about Boston .

My heart goes out to those who are dealing with the Boston Bombing . There is not much to do here other than let you know we all care .

Ca n't get my head around what 's happened in Boston . #rip

MLB is celebrating a man who took the sport humanity leaps forward . In Boston , shows us some are still making leaps

If you 're not thinking about Boston , you 're not thinking .

Half of the people that say that are going to pray for Boston do n't even pray before they eat . So stop talking shit ju

Our hearts and prayers go out to all those affected by the bombings in Boston . #prayforboston

If someone you know in Boston has n't been heard from , Google offers public search service Person Finder :

LATEST : More than 100 injured , 2 dead after Boston Marathon explosions 8 year old among the dead , according to

We are living in some beyond crazy times . Thoughts with all those affected in Boston today .

2 killed as 2 bombs explode at Boston Marathon Please pray the injured #Bostonmarathon

Sending love to #Boston but it was an inside job . Btw , 30 bombed in Afghanistan - story did n't make the news . Dudes , wake the fuck up .

Due to the events at the Boston Marathon , we are postponing tomorrow 's National Call Day on gun violence preve

I 'm going to I see what I can do for the people do Boston . Forget my exams , this is more important . #prayforboston

Our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in Boston tonight . We know we have some followers out there .

People act like just the city of Boston was attacked .

That 's just rude how people are saying Muslims are behind the Boston Bombings . Stop stereotyping !

We would like to offer prayers for all those affected by the terrorist attack in Boston . #PrayersForBoston

#PrayForBoston and #PrayForIraq too many lives were taken after the bombings which happened today too .

Loke a pasa na Boston : s

Keep updated with the tragedy in Boston . Click here to learn more :

The bombing Of Boston a moment of silence . . 4/15/13 #Tina # #Me # #SAD # #SCARED # period

Sending love to all in Boston . Hope they find the bastards who did this and torture them ! #BostonMarathon #prayforboston

:-LRB- Boston , my heart goes out to you . Please stay brave and come together in your beautiful city .

God bless America and the people In Boston

Thinking of all my friends colleagues in the #Boston area tonight . Stay strong , Beantown we 're all behind you !

Boston Marathon Victims Fund - support via

Upset , angry , tired , scarred . I need to sleep . All my thoughts are with Boston . I 'm actually so upset that another ev

Sometimes humans makes me sick to my stomach , what happened in Boston is a perfect example of one of those times .

they were doing bomb drills today in boston . that timing is interesting .

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the people effected by the tragedy today in Boston .

#prayforboston all prayers are blown all over the victims and those families who got affected by this bombing marathon explosion :-LRB- :-LRB-

Thoughts and prayers to all those affected in Boston today

What are you doing awake ? Everyone you know in Boston okay I hope ?

#HanityLive tonight - Sean will have the latest developments out of Boston .

if that is iraq , it puts things in perspective.taking nothing away from the tragedy in boston , the mid . east is bos x 100 ev day .

Lloyd Banks , Talib Kweli , Big Sean , Azealia , Karrueche Tran More Shocked Over Boston Bomb Attacks : G-Unit 's

i love how people are blaming the boston tragedy on muslim terrorists already . way to jump to conclusions guys

there 's a black hole in the shadow of the pru #boston

We are deeply saddened about the recent events in Boston . Our thoughts and condolences go out to everyone who was affected .

tell your children who are scared by what they see on tv today in Boston this :

Spoke with HU student from Boston area who says her family is safe but she 's waiting to hear back from a friend in the area

People taking the piss out of what 's happened in boston need a slap

2 killed , 80 injured in marathon explosions : BOSTON -LRB- AP -RRB- - Two bombs exploded in the packed streets near the f

If the Boston bombs were terrorist attacks : fuck you . If they were domestic attacks : fuck you .

What a tragedy today in Boston . We are all vulnerable to this violence and must not give into the fear it can cause .

Our thoughts are with everyone in the Boston area and all those affected by this tragedy .

so sorry to hear about your friend . What a tragic day in Boston.Many sending your friend all the best thoughts .

Pray for the people in Boston . #Prayforboston they need help

Photos of the Boston Marathon Bombing - In Focus - The Atlantic via how low must we sink till we change ?

ENOUGH WITH THE FUCKING IRAQ SHIT . i have FRIENDS that live in boston run in marathons , THAT is why we care more about these bombings .

Seen the video Daeon shared of the bombing in Boston . Craaazy .

Praying for the ppl in Boston . The days are evil , the time is short . Live ready .

We as people need to pray for those who were hurt of killed in the events that happened in Boston #prayforBoston

Thoughts and prayers go out to the injured men and women of the Boston Marathon . #PrayersForBoston

Michael Moore on Boston Bombings : ` Tax Day . Patriots Day . '

A heavy heart for the marathon victims . Stand strong , Boston .

Everyone who keeps tweeting about causing the attack in Boston is truely FUCKING SICK ! #Getalife You cant be bad behind a screen !

#PrayersForBoston #PrayersForBoston keep those people safe . I hope that is all for #Boston please no more hurt for those people

UPDATE : Boston Globe now reports over 120 injured at 7 Boston hospitals

I do n't understand how people can take pictures of the injured people in Boston , and people that are mourning , give them some space !

I just ca n't comprehend the tragedy of what has happened in Boston .

If anyone would like to pay tribute to the victims of today 's Boston Marathon bombing , please join me and wear black to school tomorrow .

Sitting here tearing up watching the CBS news report on the Boston situation . Thinking that could have been Rachel . I 'm gl

Boston Marathon dominates Tuesday 's UK front pages

Just because you are n't personally affected by this , does n't mean other people are . The people in Boston , my home , need your support .

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families of those killed or injured in Boston

Until we start profiling , as the Israeli 's do , events like Boston will be the new normal .

Either Boston marathon was real , a false flag or someone took their cue from watching Four Lions .

Too much sadness , hatred , greed in this world . Innocents always pay the price . #Boston

Can we just stop for a moment with the whole stupid ship war?Let us pray for the victims and injured in boston . #Pray

Horrible happenings in Boston . Really want to know what organization is responsible . People need to pay , justice needs srvd #BostonMarathon

What kind of sick people do things like this ?! Boston , you 're in my heart !

+ +1 I am sick angry about what happened in Boston ! What kind of coward , loser human filth ta

Stay strong , Boston . Prayers to all your fantastic people , and especially to those affected by this senselessness .

I seriously wish I had been in Boston around that bombingCause my dream job is to help people in emergencies But that 's still messed up

If Barack were as tough on terrorisis as depriving us of 2nd amendment rights , there would be no tragedy in Boston today . What a loser

I just keep listening to our song to help me get through this awful day . My prayers and thoughts are in Boston .

BOSTON AND THOSE FAMILIES ARE IN MY PRAYERS . .

FLOHIO Records and sends our thought and prayers to those who were injured and lost their lives today in Boston #prayforboston

i actually want to cry , even though im from canada and pretty far from boston i cant believe this is actually happening

Though certainly less random than it appears , the Boston bombing is a reminder to cherish everyone and everything you love . Death happens .

I heard Luke was running in the Boston marathon , is this true ? Everything ok ?

Mwen live Boston la sou RTPV ya God bless america specially boston

#msm will be so glad they can report on #Boston now instead of #Gosnell

Just imagined how saddened MJ would be at hearing the Boston Marathon Explosion.This is n't the Love he devoted his life

RIP to the eight year old killed today in the Boston bombing . He had so much ahead of him but now he 's an angel in heave

Boston , Nicholas maduro , North korea , sandy hook . I do n't know what to think of this world anymore . Idk

Praying you feel the arms that hold the universe holding you tonight , Boston .

Our Thoughts and Prayers are with those affected by the tragedy in Boston .

why is it when i type in zayn in the search box it comes up with zayn boston im done with humanity why cant we just be

Poor Boston marathon runners : / I hope everyone recovers from terror :-LRB-

Thoughts and prayers go out to all the runners and their families in Boston . .

I 'm disgusted how our society automatically blame the muslims 4 the tragic bombings at the Boston Marathon , race and re

Mf 's on ig twitter saying pray for Boston cos the see everybody else saying it . Attention.Seekers

Our hearts go out to those impacted by the events in Boston . How fortunate to have amazing orgs like who are th

News Exclus : Boston Marathon Bombing : Obama Says ` We Will Find Out Who Did This and Hold Them Responsible '

#Muslims are regular people . They are sad when tragedy hits and pray for the families of those affected , including today . #Boston

How sad we are about the tragedy in Boston and how we love the perspective given by the late Fred Rogers -LRB- actually

SAD!Boston Globe confirms 1 of 2 victims killed was an 8 year old boy :

What da heck ?!?!?? They 're blaming muslims for the Boston attack ?!? Please , do n't be that stupids .

Just flew into Boston , with a gorgeous sunset view of downtown . So much more beauty here than ugliness . It 's good to be home .

You Keep Procrastinating Over And Over Pray For Boston , Do n't Keep Saying It , DO IT #SoWeKnowItsReal

Pray for Boston . . Pray for America period . . Pray for yourselves , and your families . . Pray for everything , not just Boston .

Boston is such a beautiful city , how dear you ruin it ! So grateful for the people in my life and extremely saddened by those we have lost .

Im over here going crazy im not in Boston wit my damn Family right now

yes what happend in boston is sad , but stuff like this happens everyday in other countrieswhy are n't we praying for

WELP , just saw my first conspiracy theory on the Boston explosions . That did n't take too long to happen . It 's been what , 4 hours ?

They sure made these pictures and accounts for Boston fast XD

Pray for Boston ? Pray for the whole fucking world , there are acts of evil committed every second all over the world # s

These mother fuckers saying bc there was a bombing , it had to be Muslims clearly never heard of Timothy McVeigh . Or they

I 'm disgusted with the people using this Boston situation for RT 's

why is that 8 Y/o getting all the attention a victim is a victim , her being young dont make her less or more victim than the others #Boston

So sad to hear about the bombings in Boston .

Here 's a map of the Copley Square Area in Boston where the explosions occurred.NaijaPings .

These niggas over here worried about one direction not actually worried about people in boston and how their lives were taken

here 's to Boston and everyone slightly or greatly affected #prayforboston

Explosions hit Boston Marathon : via

Major US cities on high alert in wake of Boston Marathon bombings -LRB- VIDEO -RRB- - RT

How are you ? Is it worth 2 minutes of your time to say a prayer to the folks in Boston ? Yes . Please do . They need it . #love #light #prayer

I 'm scared to go anywhere in public every time I do I 'm paranoid about what could happen like sandy hook and Boston marathon

This Is Soo Sad About The Boston Bombing -RRB- : #Tragedy

my prayers r to the victims of boston #prayerstoboston

What happened in Boston is so tragic . .

Prayers go out to victims of the boston tragedy

at a time like this it 's probably even more important for Boston to be Boston , let NESN show sports , plenty of other coverage .

Arutz 7 : Obama : We 'll Find Who 's Behind Boston Bombings #israel

Right sick people bomb Boston !! SICK !!! And them people say should of been there !! How dare you say that ! I 'm crying so much !!

Sending much love and prayers to my friends in Boston , and the victims and their families of the Boston Marathon Explosions . HUGS

May whomever is responsible for the tragedy in Boston be tortured in boiling oil . My thoughts are with you , Boston !

I 'm truly staggered after hearing about Boston . I just ca n't figure out who bombs a marathon or why . Stay strong Boston 3

Really ca n't get this Boston shit off my mind

Not a lot of ongoing warfare in Boston , tho .

Pray for the runners and families of those involved in the Boston Marathon bombing.Story is at . .

Having Video is great for a situation like this in Boston , but a man is standing there while people need help , and he 's holding a camera

Dude said he dont give one fuck about anybody in Boston smh . #Ignorance

Was explaining Patriots Day to my MN friends on Sunday and why I identify with it so much . Proud to be from Boston and so sad for my city .

Boston really does have the best hospitals now that i think of it

So I know its bad and a horrible tragedy in Boston . But if you all think about it Africans and Colombians were bombed yesterday . Nothin New

Only just seen what 's happened at the boston marathon , unbelievable what this world is capable off , prayers and thoug

So sad for the dead and injured in Boston today .

all you people wishing certain people were in Boston when it happend are sick . what is wrong with the world ?!

Alarming to realize we are all in harms way during these times . Stay prayed up and keep faith in peace . Prayers to the people of Boston .

You guys are ignorant . Boston got bombed okay , how many horrible massacres happen in other countries that nobody tweets about ? #idiots

I 've never wanted to run the Boston Marathon . But now I do

Here 's how you can help victims of the Boston Marathon explosions via

I 'm in shock . All my love and prayers go out to Boston . I 'm speechless . #prayforboston

I Hate that shit happened in Boston Tho

Exchanged messages with former IU swimmer Donna Smailis , who ran in today 's Boston Marathon . She was very close to ex

Already seeing an unreal amount of conspiracy idiots making stuff up about Boston . Get a hobby for Christ 's sake . One that is n't being a nob

bombs went off in Boston at the marathon , two were killed and almost 40 injured .

Watching Obamas speech on boston right now #prayersforboston . My heart goes out to all those involved .

It makes me sick to hear about what happened in boston , my heart goes out to all those affected today #prayforboston

This is so weird . We were just in Boston .

r.i.p to the people that died in the boston marathon .

Devastating to hear about Boston :'-LRB- I do n't understand how anyone could do this #prayforboston

Boston Marathon bombings : Latest updates on social media

Do n't even know why and who did the bombing . #prayforboston

People tweeting pray for boston when they have no idea how much suffering there is in this world . . Really does fuck me off

Just so you know I 'm back on bc I have a heavy heart headache and need to get my mind off today - not bc i dont care about boston

If you 're thinking about giving to Boston bomb victims , BEWARE ! Fake charities are already popping up on Twitter .

Hope and prayers to Boston and its runners #Bostonmarathonbombing

These people make me sick . Saying zayn Malik bombed Boston ? wtf racist people . #muslimandproud

This is awful . These are innocent people Boston video from the aftermath -

our hearts go out to the people of boston . no-one anywhere should have to go through this .

Today is tax day . In boston . Is this some anti government tim mcveigh type ? #Boston

Let 's pray for #Boston and all of those thousands of innocent muslims that are going to be killed just because of it .

Our hearts go out to all those in Boston today . Sending our #BostonMarathon runners , families , and fans well wishes du

Boston , our thoughts and prayers go to you ! People of Europe .

As the tragic Boston event happends we are reminded that life is short its important to say I LOVE YOU ne

I may not know anyone personally in Boston however it affects all of us and I 've been close to terror bombings myself . Stay safe Boston .

So , have the Westboro Baptist Church made a statement yet about their plans to picket the funerals of the Boston bombing victims ?

This Boston thing literally has me sick to my stomach .

Bombs exploded around Kano the past week or so . Some Nigerians did n't even know or did n't care They are now famzing Bo

My heart goes out to those in Boston affected by the bombing . Times seem to be getting more and more violent .

Jesus that is tragic news coming out of Boston

To everyone who is asking what happened in Boston turn on the news dumbasses

S/O to the Boston Police for laying their lives on the line to save others . #heroes

Well some shit went down tonight ! : o but my thoughts are absolutely with the people of Boston #prayforBoston

Keeping all affected by the bombs in Boston in my prayers , including those who came from other countries to run the disabled participants .

My prayers go out to those affected in Boston #BostonMarathon

#alexconstancio7onyounow Alex i am very sad for Boston #PrayForBoston

Thank goodness ! Such a relief to hear that all who I knew at the marathon are safe !! 3 #PrayForBoston 3

but you know im def prayin for boston

Prayers for Boston Marathon Explosion Victims : Two explosions rocked Boston today at the finish li

Shakira escribe en twitter : My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Boston . Shak

I wo n't pray for Boston . In my beliefs prayer is a waste of time . I will hope for the best for them and focus on the people that survived .

sitting in a big symposium at #cns2013 in SFO , very strange how everyone is carrying on as if boston did n't ha

Thoughts and prayers to the family and friends , victims of the Boston Marathon bombing #BostonMarathon

First Ali 's foot now bombing in Boston #whataday #pray

Much respect to the Montreal Canadiens organization for holding a moment of silence for what transpired today in Boston .

I just ca n't imagine the panic and terror Boston 's going through .

Keeping ALL who were affected by the horrible tragedy in Boston today in my thoughts and prayers . May everyone

May God be with people in Boston and cities in USA , hoping to have no more terrorism ! #PrayForBoston

BOSTON MARATHON : I JUST WANTED TO POST AND SEND PRAYERS TO ALL THOSE THAT WERE BOSTON MARATHON IT BREA

It has been said enough , but I pray for the family 's and those effected by the bombing in Boston .

Home is where the heart is , my heart is with Boston today ! #prayforboston #foreverandalways

ard im sorry wat hapn n boston but yall not gon all keep tweetin dat shit

Beautiful city , fantastic people ; sending some Aussie love and support out to Boston today . #bostonmarathon #staystrongboston

You sicken me zayn was not behind the Boston bombing just because he 's Muslim does n't mean he is a terrorist I 'm Muslim and I 'm not

So thankful that my boyfriend is safe and sound in the North End of Boston . Praying for that wonderful city ! #PrayForBoston

Our hearts go out to those in Boston ! God Bless !

My cousin friend died in the Boston explosion

My race tomorrow will go out to all the Boston Marathon runners3

One of the 2 dead people in the Boston explosion one was an 8 year old boy

Fuck A Terrorist !!!! Rest In Peace To Those Killed In Boston !!!!!

Fuck Boston bomb them niggas

Looking to find a loved one in Boston ? Google Person Finder : Boston Marathon Explosions #BostonMa

Crazy what happened in Boston . My prayers are with the victims and their families .

it 's awful thinking that the marathon in Boston was held for the children in Connecticut .

Is it true that a drill coincided with the Boston explosions ?

Now today 2 explosions in boston during a running race , though

i started hyperventilating earlier its stressing me out so much my cousins in boston on buisness and we havent heard anything

Can ya 'll tell me what happened in boston ?

I hate when people post these pray for Boston repost pics but the stories on the pics are completely wrong !!

Drear Lord , Please be with the people who were involved in the Boston explosion . Show and renew these people 's faith . Amen

Dear Boston-Be strong . Shining rays of hope and positivity to you from over here in Babylon . Peace and Love , Shin

I have two choices . Watch the news coverage or lace up my shoes and go on a run in honor of all of those in Boston . I 'm

Something was definitely fishy in Boston today -LRB- by the way , take screen grabs before this is taken offline -RRB- .

Nah I hate those 2 losers . CT brothers Boston brothers . =-RRB-

Whoever set dem bombs off in Boston dey gone fry dat ass

But the fact that people are wishing that celebrities they do n't like were in Boston is beyond me

thank you for the mention hope to see you at a Boston CMO club dinner #cmoclub

people around the world are probably laughing at the boston bombings considering what 's happening in their country .

Shocked and saddened by today 's newsour prayers and hopes are with everyone affected by the bombings in #Boston .

Taking on Modern-Day Slavery : Boston University School of Law 's Human Trafficking Clinic

mis condolencias a todas las persoans afectadas en Boston my condolences to all the people affected in Boston

Next person to retweet or tweet about Boston Is getting unfollowed

Korea now Boston bomb . #not a good year

Kinda weird seeing all these boston pictures when my family lives like an hour from there

Everyone talking pray for Boston but do n't forget to pray for chicago innocent people getting shot and killed everyday it 's a tragedy here

The audio from emergency dispatch when the bombs exploded at the Boston Marathon

We take freedom and liberty for granted so much ! The Boston tragedy reminds us why our Freedom is everything and must be

Boston , we are with you . You are tough and will come back strong .

Jordan extremist praises Boston bombing.Where is CNN their ilk talking about it?Oh , wait , too busy blaming the Right .

As I read more and more about the Boston incident , the more and more I am sick to my stomach that people could do this

#Boston - Torpoint physiotherapist Bev Dowrick had just finished when the explosions started -

april 15 : titanic sunk april 15 : lincolns assassination april 15 : hillsborough disasterapril 15 : the boston bombingwow

tonight my preyers will go to the 8 years old girl , victim of the bomb in Boston . A new star will shine in the sky tonight

Via 1-800-494-T-I-P-S Any with info , video , or photos of finish line , Boylston St. Pls call . #BostonExplosion #Boston

I 'm not American but my prayers to the those in Boston #BostonMaraton

Been watching the news and footage from Boston . Crazy ! Hope the people and the place are getting all the help and supp

BOSTON A MARATHON WHY WHY WHY

Our thoughts go to all in Boston affected by today 's tragedy

Heartfelt prayers go out to those in Boston hurt by this act of cowardice .

My thoughts and prayers go out to evrrybody that was hurt or affected my what happened in boston today #prayforboston

Praying for Boston , those wounded the families of those who were killed . #pray4boston

Watch how they blame the Boston bombings on Muslims

and it was such a beautiful picture that you posted on the Boston marathon Earlier today Katie -- what Sadness and Tragedy

Thoughts and prayers to those affected by the bombings in Boston ! This world gets crazier by the day !

Our hearts , thoughts , and prayers go out to everyone in Boston .

#prayforboston is all that needs to be said the saddest part is the marathon was for the kids that died at the sandy hooks shooting RIP

#BostonPrayer The name of the lord is a strong tower , The righteous run to and are safe . To all in boston find your tower Please . Love Kris

Yes the bomb in Boston is tragic . But what about all the innocent people in Somalia , Iraq and everywhere ? Do we not get t

MY FRIENDS SISTER WAS IN THAT MARATHON . SHE LIVES IN BOSTON

The three local runners that participated in the Boston Marathon : Gail White , Bruce Udell and Karen Schmitt have all been

Whoever blames Muslims for what happened in Boston is Ignorant .

Woke up to hear about the terrible news in Boston . I just CA N'T understand why anyone would do that . It sickens me . My pr

I see all these muslims getting sad over this bombing that happened in Boston ? So how about Palestine ? Whos gon na do so

Herald | Obama : Those responsible for Boston explosion will feel justice : President Barack Obama said the full

Zayn please ignore all the dumb people who know nothing and calling you names about what happened in Boston.Keep your head up luv

You go to watch a movie You get shot You go to school You get shot You run a marathon You get bombedI hate this

Our prayers are with Boston and all of those hurting .

Keep checking our live page for latest on #Boston #Marathon explosions - text , video pics

Best maps I 've seen on this : R Graphic on what happened at #Boston Marathon today . -LSB- with link -RSB-

- Boston is strong - just like you . We 're a little shaken but we will carry on . Xoxo

Sophia , thank Gd that you 're not in Boston filming . I was really so scared that you might be .

All the support behind the tragedy in Boston is amazing , but if you 're saying pray for Boston you owe it to them to actually do it .

Sandy Hook.Aurora.Boston.I ca n't stand all of this violence . This should never happen all in one year . It is just not right .

Broken hearted for Boston and all involved . I ca n't pull away from the news but it gives me chills with every report . #PrayersForBoston

Just found out about the terrible event in Boston today . My heart goes out to the family and friends of those affected .

` Just wait for us to tell you what we want you to think ' -- Obama on massacre at Boston

Boston - 1 Guest looking for accommodations : Apr 23 - Apr 24 :

Praying for everyone in Boston . God Bless .

Anyone think should hold a 5k fundraiser race for the tragedy at the Boston marathon ? RT and spread the word

Please join me in praying for the victims of today 's tragedy in Boston and for our country . I 'll never understand

Everyone please #prayforboston for what happened at the Boston marathon

Really sad to hear all of what 's happening in Boston . There are some truly sick people in this world to be able to do something like that

We figure it 's only right to pay our respects while giving updates . Never know who has Boston family/friends .

you 're my idol BC you pray for boston person . . and my brother was there and be injured . . so I appreciat a lot xx ily guys xx

#PRAY4BOSTON hope they kill the fuckers who done it . Thoughts are with the family 's if Boston

Witnesses Describe Scene of Carnage After Blasts at Boston Marathon : Runners and bystanders suffered missi NYT

Literally there 's a bomb attack in Iraq everyday , and the world just kept calm . Now , bomb attack in Boston , and the world goin

trust me I feel ya . I knew with what happened today though PTI did n't air , ESPN has been covering Boston all day

Ion Care , Everybody Should Pray For Boston , Yall Could Be Next . ! #PrayForBoston

Praying For Boston. , Lord Cover Them In Your Blood . !!!!

Im not gon lie , i do n't give af about what happened in Boston

Special Shout Out To All The MJ Fans In Boston ! You Are In Our Thoughts And Prayers Today !

Thank God Chris Fezza , Tim Bovery , Julia Wolak , and Neil Visco are all safe in Boston . Thinking about you guys and the

Today on my Twitter a man sent me this poem written today about the Boston tragedy . It 's beautiful

needing/offering a place to stay in #Boston ? Here 's a google doc w / info via

Boston is our fucking city . It does not belong to any terrorists and it never will .

My heart goes out to those in Boston . What a sad day .

Follow for live updates from Boston . She 's the newest member of the team and she 's headed to Boston now .

Si Alvenne Goh Dai Dai are at Boston ka ?

Why is it news in #Boston but ignored in #Iraq ? Many dead in Iraq serial blasts via

We said it would be #Boston . We know they will blame the far right . They think we 're stupid . This is war !!!

Thank you Jesus that my girls are ok in Boston !!!!!

Preparing myself for the jokes about to be made about the Boston bombing #imgoingtohellforthis

Hearing all the stories of people inviting strangers into their homes for safety and warmth is what keeps me going . #humanity #boston

I Love my City Boston Hope for the Best

People are turning the Boston attack into memes . The internet really is the worst place that has ever existed .

Thinking about the Boston marathon explosions scares me so much

Thoughts prayers go out to ppl of #Boston . Our caregivers first responders are helping the city in t

Sending our hearts out to Boston .

Our thoughts are in Boston . We are humbled by the kindness of those Bostonians who have opened their homes to accomodat

Everyones arguing about this bomb in Boston , I think youre all a bunch of bullshitters who act like they care noone will remember in a week .

I have faith that Pres. Obama the US of A will find out who is responsible deal with them accordingly # 4/15 #Boston PrayersUp

Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of violence in #Boston today and with all victims of violence everywhere

Trayvon martin , sandy hook , Boston marathon . What is this world coming to #JustABlip

Whoever did this will be burned in HELL !! - Boston Marathon explosions : The exact moment of the blasts

Some sick assholes actually find the Boston bombing hilarious #ThisWorld

My heart goes out to anyone affected by the Boston explosions some people are truly evil to cause havoc on innocent people

FBI in Nashville says devices found in #Boston that will help TN FBI properly plan for the Music City Marathon in 2 weeks .

Pray for the families and friends of those killed or injured by the bombing at the Boston Marathon . This attack impac

Boston is goin to need help its so sad to see this world just get sadder an sadder :-LRB-

Prayers going out to those in Boston . The world we live in can be crazy sometimes .

Praying for the people and families injured , killed and affected by the tragic and senseless events in our nations historic city of Boston .

Boston blasts to be handled as ` act of terror ' : The White House does not yet know who planned and carried out http

Boston Bombings : Old fashioned terrorism , pretty full on , horrific and very unfortunate . Not looking forwa

Fools on here talking about ppl caring about Boston and not Somalia etc. . Do YOU even care Somalia ? Stfu

Has Goodluck condemned the Boston attack ? Because that nigga just looves to condemn shit .

Westboro Hatefreaks are out en force saying disgusting things about Boston .

It 's a good thing I decided not to run in the Boston Marathon this year !!! .

Did y' all hear about the bombing in boston

Boston Marathon Honored Sandy Hook Victims

Just catching up on the bombing in Boston . My thoughts go out to those affected . Hope all of my friends/family out that way are okay .

Terrorism Hits the Boston Marathon as 2 Bombs Go Off

Why are 8th graders putting selfies up and putting the caption pray for Boston . . Your selfie is n't helping anything

the #GoogleDoc w/info from #Boston Samaritans 4 stranded #bostonmarathon runners is down !

A pictures worth a 1,000 wordsand at this time , I have no words . #Boston #resilient

We have extensive coverage from Boston on our website , with video , a photo gallery , the latest updates and local reaction and connections .

Guys , do not drive through Boston or go on the subways for there possibly may be more bombs !! RT so everyone knows !!

Clinical Care Technician - -LRB- Boston , Massachusetts -RRB- #jobs

Sending up some prayers , not only for Boston , but for our country .

On air now : Boston Marathon coverage with and

Im ganna put my app in fa the army tomorrow got ta fight fa #boston

You 're sure getting a lot of likes on your pray for Boston picture . You must really care .

Everyone wear red for Boston tomorrow . Spread the word !

Gov. Scott Walker : There is no explanation for the evil that seeks to destroy . Our hearts go out to victims of bombing t

my heart goes out to boston and everywhere

I just always liked this song - Ed O.G. - Boston :

If you are concerned about someone who ran the Boston Marathon today , you can see their last check-in at

Wow . First you ca n't watch a movie in peace , then you are n't safe at school , now you ca n't run a marathon ? #prayforboston #BostonMarathon #

Maybe you guys could auction those off and donate the cash to Boston or something , you may have heard that 100 times , but still

violence only begets more violence #Boston #Injured may god be with you

Prayer goes out to the people effected by the Boston Marathon #tosad

Bless the first responders and the hospital staff , all the days of their lives . #Boston

Horrific thing in Boston . Especially at an event to help others . We can take comfort that so many heroes are helping the victims tonight

Tonight our blogger reflects on the events of the #BostonMarathon holds onto humanity . #Boston

This is an unbelievable video shot by a Boston Globe reporter . Probably the most up close footage you 'll see .

among things trending are the Boston Marathon and Muslims

everyone keep Boston in your prayers , people are so messed up #prayforboston

Terrible news in #boston . Even Habs fans pray for #boston #rip #NHL

there was a bombing at the Boston Marathon . . 2 of them went off but then they found 3 more and disarmed them . .

Prayers to all those who suffered in Boston . Truly deeply sorry .

I came to a conclusion that people do n't care about Boston , but only for da likes .

The Prime Minister 's statement on the Boston Marathon . TeamJG

Thoughts and prayers go out to the people in Boston . Tragic event . #prayforboston #BostonMarathon

Chill there were explosions in Boston today ??

How the fuck can people find boston funny ? Sad kids tbh : /

Someone tweeted , that even though the bombs in Boston were horrible , that God does everything for a reason I 'm j

talks with an Idaho runner who ran the #Boston Marathon today .

Only time I visited Boston , years ago , the marathon was on . Now this . I have no words . Why would someone do this ?

Again , thankful my family , friends and I are ok . Sending prayers out to the whole city of Boston !!! #prayforboston

Is it too soon to make a Boston Massacre joke about today ?

no phone service to Boston . My prayers with my beloved brother and all fellow Bostonians . .

Prayers go out to Boston . I dont get how people just blame religion right away . Get your info first before u make assumptions #prayforboston

Queue all the attention seekers creating fake Boston marathon prayer accounts .

Boston Marathon : The White House says it is treating the explosions as a terrorist attack .

It breaks my heart seeing what is happening in Boston my heart goes out to everyone over there / 3

Hats off to everyone outside of Boston showing support

Saddened by the news about the explosions at Boston Marathon . My heart goes out to the victims and their families .

Out of all cities you 're gon na fuck with Boston ? #gotanotherthingcoming #bostonisstrong

Walking into the studio for live report on groups using Boston to scam you out of moneyand the legit sites you can use

Bombing happened during the Boston marathon when there 's many people , of course it was a terrorist attack . Does n't mean Muslims did it .

I posted something on Instagram that was n't about Boston does that make me a bad person ? They can do what they want lol

Im seriously crying while watching , seeing , readying about the Boston Marathon #PrayForBoston

Hearing about Boston has made me deeply sad that people could do that to others for no reason . #PrayForBoston

Thoughts go out to all of the City of Boston emergency personnel who raced into the carnage while everyone else was able to race out !

Deeply saddened about boston . Prayers going for all involved

Why is every news channel automatically assuming that this has to be a domestic group that did the Boston Marathon bombing ?

I am seriously so disgusted with what happened today in Boston . My thoughts prayers go out to the victims and families affected

I could not be more angry right now at the terrorists who attacked the Boston Marathon . I am enraged and saddened beyond wo

Goodnight all , a sad night , our thoughts are with all those affected by the events in Boston .

My cousin was in the explosion in Boston He 's in critical condition with a head trauma . prayers , please ?

#prayforboston aand for all those people who were affected in boston

Prayers for Boston , we are so lucky and blessed your safe Dad , and the rest of my family members watching the race .

our hearts , thoughts and prayers with the victims of Boston against this cowardly act . #PrayforBoston

Our hearts and prayers are with Boston today .

Hey , #H50 Ohana ! If you 're tweeting tonight , please add #PrayForBoston in your tweet . Let 's show our Ohana support for Boston .

Ask yourself : Why are we paying for a large national security state that ca n't prevent/detect events like those in Boston today ?

We value the human life so much , but we create nuclear bombs , high powered guns etc to destroy it ? Then things like Boston Newtown happen

Yup . . they will do things for the Boston : c

so what exactly happened in Boston ? : 0

Wow , my heart goes out to the people of Boston #staystrongboston

Thinking of everyone affected by the attacks in Boston . Prayers are with you . Stay strong #PatriotsDay

My prayers got out to the people in Boston ! #bostonmarathon #PrayForBoston #

Thoughts Prayers out to the victims families of those at the Boston Marathon .

Thoughts and prayers go out to the people out in Boston

My thoughts and prays go out to Boston , that 's so tragic #praprayforboston

I just found out . jesus christmy thoughts and prayers go out to boston . :-LRB-

Whoever bombed the Boston marathon is beyond screwed up and simply pathetic .

I 'll never walk down Boyle st and feel the same , again . #boston #prayforboston

Ohh what 's ridiculous is that they are blaming for the bombing - . - anyways #prayforboston

Call 1-800-494-TIPS if you have any information on the bombings in Boston .

Prayers go out to the people at the Boston Tragedy

Boston 's in my heart . Crazy that there are people who actually take time out their lives to do things like this though .

Photo : belieberofkidrauhl : Jaden sends prayers out to Boston

Omg my heart shattered when I saw the news of a 8 year old girl and the girlfriend of that guy getting killed in Boston -RRB- ' : / 3

It 's things like the Boston bombing that test my faith in humanity #prayers

If people are surprised by Boston they have high expectations for the world . There has been , is and will be far greater suffering than this .

Terrible day on a normally great holiday in #Boston #prayforboston #ilovemycity

Stories of Kindness After the #BostonMarathon Bombing | RT

Updated numbers from Boston : At least 2 dead , now 132 + injured from the attack at the marathon today .

At least 90 people were hurt in #Boston Marathon terror attack ; 2 dead . 8-year-old among the dead : CNN #ht

Our thoughts and prayers go out the the victims , their families , and all affected by today 's bombing tragedy in Boston today .

Funded by O no doubt . BOSTON : TERROR ATTACK - CBS CONFIRMS A SAUDI NATIONAL IS BEING -LRB- cont -RRB-

Watch : Boston Marathon Explosions : Momen

People of Boston my thoughts are with everyone no one should have to deal with this ever . Praying for everyone .

Ima dope boy so my cellular gets blown up by feins like boston .

SWAT team in place outside Boston Medical Ctr where 20 victims of the Marathon bombings were taken . via

Ada apa dg Boston?boston celtic kalah ta ?

Its sad how good people are always the ones to suffer . Thoughts and prayers go out to the people affected by the bombing . . #prayforboston

i 'm muslim and i 'm proud to be it . please do n't blame muslim for bombing in boston .

Moment of silence on the House Floor for the victims of the Boston attacks .

some people are so rude and disrespectful , wishing a celebrity was in Boston during the explosions , grow up , that 's jus

I ask that everyone please be mindful about what pictures that you share about the Boston marathon bombing . Please be s

Our thoughts and prayers goes out for the Boston Marathon runners and their families

Sending my heart out 2 boston #prayforboston

RT IF YOU DO N'T BLAME THE MUSLIMS FOR WHAT HAPPENED IN BOSTON .

Thinking of Boston You are in our thoughts , hearts and prayers !

We are praying for those affected by the bombs in Boston . May peace be with you and your families .

Prayers sent out to all the people affected by the bombing in Boston . My thoughts go out to all .

In times like these all we can do is pray #Boston

#Muslims , if people still blaming muslim for the boston incident , grow the fuck up.Was hitler muslim ? No , but its funny the way he 's fine . -LRB- 1 -RRB-

I wanted to go #boston this weekend . Some jerk changed ma mind

I 'm seeing reports that a good amount of those injured in #Boston are minors .

#Boston - latest . 2 bombs exploded . A 3rd pkg was blown up by auth 's . As many as 3 other possible devices being investigated

Hope and are OK as well as their friends . Thoughts are with you and the people of Boston #prayforboston

SITE : Jihadists Hope Boston Bombings are Acts of Jihadi Terrorism

Pray for the victims of the boston explosions and their family #prayforboston

My heart goes out to everyone in Boston who was affected by what happened , including Muslims who will be wrongly harassed and blamed

How many politicians ran to aid the victims in Boston today ? Yet , they call union members -LRB- police , fire -RRB- who risk the

Whats the point in blaming a Muslim or Arab for the Boston bombings ? It does n't matter who the terrorists are . What matters

Let 's pray for the victims of Boston Marathon bombing .

Sending our thoughts and prayers to everyone in Boston today .

CBS news reports Boston police confirmed they have video of someone bringing several backpacks to the blast site . http

People think its funny to make jokes about Zayn doing the bombing in Boston because of his nationality . Fuck off you a

E.J. Dionne Jr. : Patriots ' Day defiled : The bombings in Boston would be horrific on any day , #washingtonpost

My thoughts and prayers are with Boston runners , family , supporters , and neighbors .

At least two dead , 23 injured as explosions rip through Boston Marathon : The explosions occurred at appr #News

Love Boston . And grateful to our supporting church there . Sad that such a great event can end in tragedy , but glad people are united .

Our thoughts are with all the runners and spectators as well as those who had friends and family at the Boston Marat

It 's a sad day in Boston today . :-LRB-

People are making this boston explosion out to be another 9/11 . 2 people died and that 's sad , but in the grand scheme of things it 's nothing

US orders no-fly zone over Boston explosion #travel

Think I 'm gon na sit back and listen to Boston for the rest of the night . It seems appropriate

Fairbanks runners describe chaotic scene after Boston explosions : FAIRBANKS - There have been no reports of

Sparing my thoughts and all condolences to the victims of Boston Marathon . Horrific tragedy .

Prayers for the victims and families of the Boston bombing .

My heart goes out to the victims of the Boston bombing today .

To think a very close friend of mines cousin was supposed to run the marathon in boston today but tore a muscle !!! So scary #prayforBoston

To our friends in Boston , MA you are all in our thoughts today .

Do n't know anything if you were n't the one planting the bombs my God . #prayforboston

Prayers are with all the people in boston today

This is a very historical day 1 . Titanic sank2 . Boston bombing

White House releases photo of President Obama being briefed by phone on Boston explosions

My prayers go out to all the victims and their families in Boston . to all the people in Venezuela and Iraq .

RT I 'm 17 I 've lived through 9/11 , sandy hook , Boston , movie shooting , columbine and countless other disasters I should n't have to say that

BOSTON , I condemn bombing in Boston and the hypocrisy of a President that drones civilians on a regular basis #Boston

My thoughts and prayers are with the City of Boston and the families of the victims of this horrific event . #WePrayForYouBoston

The local FOX affiliate here continues to insert commercials into rolling coverage on Boston Marathon attack . Making

OMG ! IM LIKE SO SORRY FOR THE PEOPLE IN BOSTON RIGHT NOW . HOPEFULLY THEY WILL FIND WHO DID IT

Praying for those injured or affected by today 's tragedy in Boston .

My Friend Who Works In Boston Is Still Not Home And No Phones She Was In Lockdown !

Our hearts go out to all those who were killed and injured by the senseless bombings at the Boston Marathon .

do n't think anyone understand how emotional I feel about his whole Boston thing . truly horrific .

Prayers to everyone in boston right now and to anyone who has people there.one love

Be patient Boston , may God bless you all #prayforpeace #prayforboston

They 're still talking about Boston ? Your own US troops die more worse ways they do n't get this much acknowledged . It 's only 2 people . .

Security beefed up worldwide after Boston Marathon blasts : - CC

Im really trying to take my mind off boston but i just cantIm so tired of the human race

Blasts at Boston Marathon Kill 2 - New York Times : CBC.caBlasts at Boston Marathon Kill 2New York TimesBOSTON

Mad props to first respondents . Great job Boston . We 're very greatfull , very proud .

Haha good luck -LRB- : Did you know what happened in Boston ? Poor people :-LRB-

Deadly explosions hit Boston Marathon in US cc

#ThingsIHate : Racist bitches blaming Zayn for bombing Boston . .

you go to school and you get kill , you go to the cinema you die wtf and now #marathon of boston :-LRB- #godblessamerica

Honestly such a horrible thing to hear happen in Boston . Glad everyone I know especially my brother is okay #prayforboston

Some of the images from Boston are devastating and heart-breaking . Hearing casualties hitting 150 . Fuck

Please keep the victims of the Boston tragedy in your thoughts and hope for swift resolution to this horrific event .

Good thoughts from Patton Oswalt on Boston humanity :

Thoughts are with families of and victims of Boston bombing . :--LRB-

While our hearts are with those in Boston , at 8:00 we 'll be chatting with hoping to shine some sunligh

Hoping that all my Boston family and peeps are ok . -LRB- cont -RRB-

Soo what exactly happened in Boston ? #Anyone ?

For those who live East of us in Boston , please be safe and remain inside until Authorities find out whats going on . #BostonMarathon

This Boston thing just happened . People are so insensitive .

Wakin up to this boston stuff i hope they find the scumbag that did it

Plant a bomb during Patriot 's Day in Boston ? I hope we can have a public fucking execution for these bastards .

Just heard that one of the victims of the Boston explosion was an 8 year old As a mom , I can not even tell u how my

Prayers out to Boston , the people that are injured and the families that are suffering the pain !! Keep your heads high

Prayers go out to all those involved in today 's tragic events in Boston marathon #bostonmarathon #tragediaenboston #BostonMarathon

#prayforboston how tragic . May the ones who created the bomb suffer .

Praying for all the victims and their families affected by the Boston incident . Such a sad situation out of such a harmless event .

Candle light vigil for Boston at Houston City Hall tonight . #bostonmarathon #hounews #prayers

Wow what is going on with the world ? So much tragedy and death lately . My heart goes out to those in the Boston marat

You know you are from Boston if , you are running from a giant explosion while also texting and taking videos of it . God bless

My heart goes out to Boston . Also , a reminder that today should not be about whether or not your Boston joke is too soon ,

But making jokes about religion for guessing who 's the terrorism or making fun of people who they do n't like were n't in Boston is too much .

Boston Marathon explosions : Two dead ` including 8-year-old boy ' and at least 77 injured in suspected twin

Michael Moore on Boston Bombings : ` Tax Day . Patriots Day . ' - Michael Moore , joining in the leftist rush to judgmen . .

People using the boston explosion for RT 's , lost ALL respect for you

Our hearts go out to everyone in Boston , and our thoughts are with all involved in today 's tragedy .

Was busy at work all day Just heard about Boston It 's a fucked up world we live in

no one seems to understand that even though you may not live directly in boston , it still feels like home .

It 's not unreasonable nor necessarily Islamophobic to suspect alQaeda in Boston ; they kill civilians use multiple bom

Taking a break from watching the coverage of Boston . Need a laugh , so I 'm watching the season premiere of Veep on DVR

What the hell is wrong with people ??? My heart goes out to my friends in Boston . #WTF

Sending our prayers to all those affected by the Boston Marathon tragedy . Thank you to the brave first responders . #prayforboston

My heart , thoughts , and prayers go out to the victims in Boston 3 Terrible , terrible thing .

Rubio Comments On Boston Marathon Bombing - U.S. Senator for Florida , Marco Rubio

People are saying that the two bombings in Boston are a distraction for a bigger bomb to be set off in a bigger cit

I will keep Boston in my prayers this evening but will also watch Raw tweet my little heart away , because I need some happiness after 2day

Just watched the videos of the Boston explosions , and I 'm fuckin pissed . Just fuckin pissed .

Numbers coming in on this Boston tragedy is staggering . Listening to OK Computer all night , hopefully saving me from any more of a twit-rant

The Boston Tea Party was an act of terrorism . Either way , WHERE THE FUCK IS BATMAN ?

Feds questioning Saudi in connection with Boston terror bombing :

Woke up to the news of the bombing of the Boston Marathon . So sad . And frightening to think this is the world we live in now .

Muslims is trending . And its all about the Boston Bombings . You guys are fucking retarded .

Updated : People from the GTA and region see deadly blasts , aftermath at Boston Marathon .

Boston is heart-breaking . Nothing occurs to my God . He is still on His throne and believers must show Him to a hurting Boston and the world .

And now , tears and prayers for the 100 + injured , 2 dead in #BostonMarathon bombings , especially the children . #PrayForBoston

I am completely heartbroken for the victims in Boston right now ! Praying for peace justice ! Lord , hear our cry ! #prayforboston

Tucson KVOA : President Obama vows to find whoever is responsible for Boston marathon explosions

extremist Christians believe the bombs in Boston were sent by god because of Gay marriage being legal

Moe Lax family please pray for the victims of the Boston Marathon Bombing today #makesnosense #donttakeforgranted

My heart goes to the people of Boston . Now I 'm officially emigrating somewhere else soon #ByeNAmerica #CatchYallOntheFlipside

Mehn just saw the video of the Boston explosion . May God be with the victims

Thank you for your reply ! Can you connect me with the friend who is in Boston ?

Thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected by the Boston Bombing . Hopefully they will find whoever is responsible and make them pay

Boston Marathon Massacre pics coming in . -LSB- graphic -RSB-

Too often we have to wake up to news like this . Thinking of you today , beautiful Boston .

As we pray for those affected by the bombings today in Boston , MA , it seems appropriate to pray for the reign of

Our team here is safe and our hearts go out to this beautiful city of ours , #Boston .

Two Dead , More Than 100 Injured In Boston Marathon Bombings : Two bombs ripped though the crowds lining Forbes

Two Dead , More Than 100 Injured In Boston Marathon Bombings : Two bombs ripped though the crowds lining the route of the Boston Marath

I swear if people start tweeting Matt that it was inconsiderate of him to post tour dates today bc of the Boston incident I will end them

Just before 3:00 p.m Eastern time on Monday , two explosions occurred near the finish line of the Boston Marathon .

Just catching up on the Boston news . Terrible .

R watching that video makes my heart drop . one of my favorite cities , Boston I 'm praying .

Why would someone do this ? Killing people is not good . Really , I want to travel to Boston and help .

The whole Boston thing actually makes me pissed off . Extremely pissed off

Boston Marathon runners that completed the race , have continued to run to Mass General Hospital to give blood to the victi

If you 're gon na pray about the situation in Boston , do it . Do n't just tweet about it , put down your phone and pray .

It 's a sad day for the Boston marathon , our condolences to all . We all stand behind you . #nothingwillbreakourspirits

My heart goes out to those in Boston , another tragedy hits the US .

/ r/imgoingtohellforthis 's front page is like half Boston Marathon bombing references .

My heart , thoughts and prayers are with all those affected by the tragedy in Boston #prayforBoston

How many if you guys actually prayed for Boston ?

I really wish all of you followed my friend Stef on Facebook , because she wrote the most profound thing on Boston that I have read today .

making terrorist jokes about zayn 's never funny but making jokes about him being affiliated with the boston bombing i

Just heard about the Boston Marathon incident . I send my condolences to the families of the deceased . . :-LRB-

To all the people posting the picture of the guy kneeling over his girlfriend at the Boston Marathon . Have some goddamn respect . #Seriously

Sad day , Boston Globe confirms 8-yr old died in bombings : #Boston

Deeply saddened , again . Love , hope , and prayers for the injured , dying and dead in #Boston .

I am worried about the inccoent people who are killed/injuried in Boston blast . Also Iam worried about d country dat USA will invate next .

Two Boston survivors accounts followed me x x x

Pray for those killed and injured in the Boston Marathon and JFK Library explosions .

Please do n't let anything happen while I 'm in Atlanta . . No bombs . . Nothing . . Because . . Boston is just a tragedy right now .

From Boston to Pre 's Trail , runners react to marathon bombings : In TrackTown USA , runners on a trail named in

I am Boston , as my heart goes out to all those affected by today 's tragic event .

Grieving for Boston and looking for the helpers . There are always helpers . #BostonMarathon

So , are you accusing the Boston Police of being involved in the attack?Any evidence?Hallucinations do n't count .

3 bombs were set off in Boston today and I 'm seeing people arguing about whether or not it 's a terrorist attack ? Arguing ? Sort it out

8 Year Old Among Those Killed in Boston Bombings

WSJ reporter ran in the Boston Marathon today . Her account of what happened at the finish line :

Disgusted with what happened in boston today . Thoughts and prayers go out to those affected #PrayForBoston

i 've been alive for-9 / 11-sandy hook shooting-theater shooting-bombings in boston-and moreim only 14 . omg

Pray For Boston , Pray For That , Pray For This . Ok We Get It Damn

God Bless America and all those up in Boston . #PrayForBoston

View the latest photos from the scene of the Boston Marathon blasts :

#Love versus #Power My heart goes to the victims in Boston and to those all over our wretched world

Today 's a #reminder that #Obama began his career in the home of #bomber domestic terrorist Bill Ayers . #Boston

Prayers go out to the people effected by the Boston marathon bombing

Damn . Rest in peace to that 8 year that perished in the Boston Bombings . And to those other two victims .

If you 're making a joke about the Boston Bombing and you have to ask if it 's too soon , it is too soon

Praying for Boston and that we find who did this #DontMessWithAmerica

The bombing itself is terrible but it 's even worse to think this was the reward for many hardworking marathoners . # P

Now let us focus on how we can help those in #Boston . You can take this opportunity and be the IMPACT survivors need .

Praying for Boston . This bombing attacked my two passions . Distance running and more importantly America . It 's a sad , sad day for the world .

My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Boston and with the victims and their families .

What happened in Boston today , is an event that tears all of our hearts . No family should ever loose a child or loved one to this .

An 8-year-old is reportedly among the dead in Boston . This is heartbreaking . #BostonMarathon

Terror attack at Boston Marathon . At least two dead , including 8-year old boy . #CNN

We should n't pray for Boston juss because of a tragedy

if you even mention muslims in relation to the boston tragedy , I have lost all respect for you .

Even in the ugly moments of our world , I believe there is much more beauty and love . #Boston #love #hope

To anyone upset about Boston , this is a beautiful song which I think is very relevant . I 've been playing it on repea

As bad as this whole Boston thing is , I feel sorry for every roof fixer/antenna repairer in the area who are now branded as suspects !

was going to do homework but I 'm to busy looking into the bombing #prayforboston

I have so much family in Boston im so glad they are all okay

My heart goes out to those affected by the bombings in Boston . There are so many bad people in this worldtry to be one of the good ones

I was thinking about moving back to Boston too

i wish a speedy recovery to those affected by the boston marathon explosions .

Actually what happend at Boston . Can anyone tell me ??

Where you think your safest Can be the unsafest place to be . . innocent lives get taken , by those who are jealous . . sht went dwn in boston

I have so many loved ones in Boston . Some of my favorite people , one of my favorite cities . My thoughts and heart go out to you all today .

my guess is that Liverpool stand with Boston tonight . Much respect from a Man.U . supporter

Sad that fake Twitter accounts related to is reporting more responsibly than #Shame . #Boston

I 've seen enough on the #bostonmarathon tragedy . Words can not express my concern for the innocent children injured so senselessly #Boston

Just posted : Bay Area marathoners recount terror in Boston .

Woke up wanting nothing but positivity but this whole news of Boston . . God plz be with us . My heart is so sad

RIP to the little 8 year old girl who died in the Boston bombings . What a sick world we live in !! Absolutely disgusting !!

Sending our thoughts to everyone in Boston today .

R.I.P the 8 yr old boy lost in the bombing at the Boston marathon.You give me the inspiration to live my life to the

Boston Marathon locked down after two blasts heard near finish line #breaking

Navy Sending Bomb-Disposal Unit From Newport , R.I to Assist Boston Authorities .

Feeling numb inside after the Boston bombings . Words dont come close . Our hearts ate extended to all who mourn , fear and weep .

I mean if you 're gon na pray for what happened in Boston then cool but why post it on the internet ? Like , asking for credit for praying ? :p

Sending love to Boston . Great city , I love it and everything it stands for . I hope we find these scumbags

Just like sandy hook there was a Facebook page made for the victims of the Boston bombing days before it happened #HOW

The sun sets on a dark day in Boston

UPDATE : NBC Airing Primetime Special On Boston Explosions ; CBS Extending Nightly News To 8 PM , Obama Addresses Nation

Boston has probably the richest history of tax resistance , with Boston Tea Partythen they have a bombing years l

So sad for everyone affected by today 's tragedy in Boston.One of the fatalities reported was 8 years old.So sensele

Prayers going out to everyone in the city of Boston and all of those affected . We pray that Jesus will bring you all peace . #prayforboston

Ca n't believe what happened in Boston , some sick people about

I hope the world understand that Muslim have NOTHING to do with Boston . . Muslim meas in English Peaceful

If kids from Boston got their limbs blown off every day maybe the USA would stop filling hospitals with Iraqi , Afgha

Prayers go out to Boston and all the runners and family who are effected . #prayforboston

A person of interest is now in custody by the Police and looking for another that was denied access to the Boston Marathon before

When I hear about things like what happen in Boston , there 's really nothing to say . Just sadness .

So sad At least 132 injuries reported in #Boston terror attack , at least 17 are critical ; 8 are children

Let 's pray for all those people in Boston it 's a sad day

#BREAKINGNEWS : Two explosions at the #Boston Marathon finish line ! Ughhhhhwhat 's wrong with people ?!?!? :-LRB-

Honestly when I heard Boston I was like Oh no Talia ! Then I realized you lived in Chicago

Our heart goes out to the people of Boston , what a dreadful tragedy 3

Praying for everyone effected by the bombs in Boston today ! 132 + people injured ! Lord help our world !

Let 's blame the wide screen vision Korean 's on what happened in Boston .

One day , I hope to be apart of the world 's finest hospitals , saving lives too #Boston

Until we have proof on who did the Boston bombings all we can say is it 's a terroristic threat . And that DOES NOT mean th

So someone created an account called ` Hope For Boston ' . When this dies down , you still gon na have this account ?

Tragic event in Boston #prayforboston heart and thoughts to them all - God bless you all

My prayers go out to the families and runners who were affected by the #Boston terror attack today . Please pray for God 's h

I 'm wearing purple for Boston tomorrow . . Who will join me ? #prayforboston

Boston , from International Space Station via

Pray for all the people who were hurt by the Boston bombings today Lord , have mercy

Heard about the Boston Bombing just now and my heart goes to the innocent victims of this tragedy .

30 dead at Afghanistan wedding maybe if the army stops killing them they will stop killing us #boston

BOSTON Bombing , A President that regularly sanctions droning of civilians overseas , seems only concerned about victims

my thoughts prayers are with the families of the victims in Boston #prayforboston

Still shocked about what happened in Boston #PrayForBoston

As the number of injuries keep climbing from the Boston Marathon , let us all just PRAY . Then , pray some more

I 'm sitting here looking at all the pray for Boston tweets wondering how many people already prayed . Hmmm ?

Retweet this if u really care for Boston #PRAYFORBOSTON #PRAYFORBOSTON #PRAYFORBOSTON #PRAYFORBOSTON

Everyone making jokes about what happened in Boston really need to stop .

Prayers out to the people affected by the bombings in Boston

Thank you for the support . Our team in Boston is accounted for .

Praying for the people of Boston and becoming increasingly concerned how I can explain this world to my daughters .

My prayers are with everyone at the Boston Marathon today .

Photos : Boston Marathon Explosions Near Finish Line : There are reports of two explosions near the fin #TSCEnt

#Boston your in my prayers # ca n't imagine , just ca n't !

-LRB- Reuters -RRB- - Two bombs ripped through the crowd at the finish line of the Boston Marathon on Monday , killing two

i need and his crew and #beliebers to #prayforboston lets sent our hearts to everyone in boston say a prayer for then

CCTV vision shows man planting several backpacks in area of Boston marathon explosions

Spent a fabulous afternoon with and now this news about #Boston . Praying for safety , healing , courage , and strength .

Deeply saddened by the tragedy in #Boston . Thoughts and prayers are with the victims , their families and the people of Boston .

Unexploded bomb found one block east of second explosion ; another in #Newton , 9 miles away

Where do people get off these days ? Thoughts are with the victims of The Boston Bombing .

Boston explosions prove that human beings are a failed species

Praying for Boston ! God is there , even when it does n't seem like it .

has complete coverage , live analysis of the explosions near the finish line at the Boston Marathon.Tonight at 9PM ET/PT

The Westboro idiots are celebrating the Boston Bombings .

explosion during the near Boston Marathon .

My mom 's friend did n't qualify for the Boston marathon this year by less than one minute . #everythinghappensforareason #prayersforboston

2 people passed and 22 injured in Boston Marathon bombing . . On yom Hazikaron

Our thoughts going out to those in Boston right now x

Impromptu Boston set coming up on at 8 pm .

bc today 's the day to pay taxes ad the Boston tea party was April 15th and all that stuff

CNN reports 2 dead , 17 in critical condition , 132 injured in Boston Marathon Bombing

Hearts full of love , hugs , prayers , strength and comfort for #Boston tnite .

I 've lived thru 9/11 , the movie shootings , Sandy hook , Boston Bombings , and more . Im only 13 . I just dont understand .

Two bomb explosions at the finish line of the Boston Marathon . 2 dead , at least 120 injured -LRB- severe -RRB- .

Workplace violence strikes Boston . Never mind the muslim brotherhood/AQ/Al Nusra front claiming responsibility .

In light of incidents in Boston , I am shutting down Hootsuite , so there will be no more pre-scheduled tweets for the

i just woke up/a terrorist attack in boston ????? #angerandprayers

They got all types of pages for boston lol ppl dont waste no time man . Smh

I was all happy until I heard about the Boston Marathon bombing . That shit got me all Pissed off . Pray for the victims , and their families .

This tragedy in Boston is really unbelievable and it saddens me that an 8-year-old boy is confirmed dead . #Prayers4al

Boston attack coverage preempting NBC 's ` Revolution ' - Entertainment Weekly

So sad to hear about Boston heartless people these days

Prayers Go Out To The Families Of The 8 Year Child And Adult Who Died In The Bomb At The Boston Marathon , 132 Injur

Thoughts and prayers towards Boston today . #prayforboston

Just woke up this morning and read about what happen in Boston . My sincere prayer for everyone there . #prayforboston

Why would anyone do something like That like wtf haas this world come to thaat we are now bombing races #prayforboston

If you 're using events in Boston as a platform to draw some convoluted criticism of #Morsi , then kindly get a grip would you

Rt If u have information on the terror attack , police ask that u call #Boston Bombs Tipline : 1-800-494-TIPS

#boston keep vigilant and keep those hurt in your thoughts

Man today was going to be a good day . Justin 's selfie , good day at school . . then I heard about Boston . #prayers

Today in Atlanta , GA , we are all Boston Marathoners - our heart goes out to your city ! We are with you and praying strong ! #boston #run

I would n't care due to the lost and injuries of BOSTON . HOPE YOU GUYS UNDERSTAND . / :

The scariest thing is I was honestly going to that exact spot in Boston today

Pray for the people in Boston that are injured and for the ones that lost their lives today How is anyone do cruel ?

My heart aches for the people of Boston . My prayers are with all affected by this tragedy

TV signal is out and I ca n't abuse the #habs on twitter cuz of their gracious show of support toward the people of Boston . #Bruins

Sorry not been in touch much but should turn attn . to this , esp . after events in Boston . #helpothers

How to help - Boston Marathon Help : Relief Groups Aid Victims #BostonMarathon via

Terror Attack at Boston Marathon VIDEO Story

You 're right . I missed that while trying to stay on top of Boston the trial . JM must not think eyeball theory significant

As a global citizen , my heart is with the suffering - in Boston as well as everywhere else .

Winston-Salem participants describe chaos at scene of Boston Marathon : WINSTON-SALEM -- Garry Russ , 55 , of Win

An 8-year-old boy was 1 of 2 killed at the Boston Marathon ; the number of wounded treated at Boston hospitals

Photos from the aftermath of the Boston Marathon bombings

Finally saw footage if what happened in Boston it 's disgusting to think a person did that #prayforboston

will we soon know more of what happened in Boston than we know of what happened in #Benghazi ?

Two Dead , Scores Injured In Explosions at the Boston Marathon Finish Line -LSB- UPDATED -RSB- via

What happened in Boston is just sick ! #PrayForBoston

132 bombing victims so far , at least 10 amputations . Doctors are pulling ball bearings out of victims . #Boston #BostonMarathon

I love you Boston !! My heart goes out to you !

Thoughts are with the victims of Boston . Unspeakable tragedy .

To all those who blame muslims for what happened in boston , stop being ignorant . I was sleeping when it happened .

Everyone 's talking about what happened in Boston , but do most Dallas people know about the shooting in our own city ? #pr

y' all I do n't like one direction but even I know that blaming Zayn for the shit happening in Boston is fucking pathetic .

Moment of slience for everyone who died or whu who are affected by the deaths of the ppl in the bombin dat oocured today in boston

My prayers are with those in Boston tonight . Those injured , their familes , friends those who witnessed or adm

FUCK YOU CNN doing a story about celebs tweeting about boston . Do a real fucking story u anti christ cunts . #Fuckcnn .

All of this Boston marathon stuff is heartbreaking.people can be so terrible to each other #prayforboston

thank god ! I was so worried about everyone today cause ik him and my dad are always in Boston

im just so shocked by the attacks in boston . . my thoughts and prayers are with everyone there #prayforboston

My thoughts and prayers to all the victims in Boston . Sad day for the America

Two Explosions Reported at Boston Marathon , Multiple Injuries Reported

Sorry to hear about Boston ! Terrible thing that happened ! #PrayForBoston #StayStrongFamilies

Wat happen In boston its s o tragic my prayers to anyone who is affected by this

1 college student from Boston University injured in today 's #BostonMarathon attack , reports . It 's unknown how bad the injury is .

I wonder how many people hash tagging pray for Boston are actually praying for Boston lol

What happened today in Boston happens almost everyday is some countries only much worse . 50 people died in Iraq today because of a bombing .

My heart goes out to all in Boston in the US in general . Heartbreaking , tragic . One moment elation , cheering and the next moment , death

Wishing for the best for the victims of Boston marathon a very terrible tragedy .

Still heart broken over Boston . An 8 year old passed away . Whatever the reason for the explosion , it 's impossible to think of anything else .

An 8-year old being one of many killed in Boston today leaves me at a loss for words . There cheering on someone and now passed . JUST SAD !!!

We are keeping everyone affected by the terrible acts in Boston in our prayers . Especially our Sorors in the Boston

In response to the Boston Marathon bombings , Tuesday 's Healing Service with Holy Eucharist at St , Mark 's ,

what happend in Boston is awful but our words are n't gon na change a thing so everyone should just chill the fuck out .

#PrayForBoston , of course , but why are Syria and Palestine always forgotten ? They 're bombed everyday

This world scares me . I hope that everyone will join me tonight in praying for the victims in Boston today . #prayfo

the first thing I did was check for updates from my boston internet ppl to make sure they were fine t-b-h

Absurdly relieved her runner soon-to-be stepdad are okay and leaving Boston .

Detonating bombs on a marathon that celebrates the start of the revolutionary war.Coincidence ? Perhaps not . #prayforboston

Our thoughts and prayers are with those who impacted by the explosion at Boston Marathon .

Boston police commissioner says , this is an ongoing event , people must stay at home and not gather in crowds , shocking news from USA !

Pray for Boston and pray for Muslims that have to deal with stupid ignorant people that constantly invoke a ridiculous

Lmfao april fools . Idk what happend in boston .

Pray for Boston , so sad . Poor little girl -RRB- ' : -

Two bombs rock Boston Marathon , at least two killed , dozens hurt

Really disappointed in how ignorant and inconsiderate some people are regarding this tragedy in Boston . Taking a

I hope you 're all actually taking the time to say a legit prayer for Boston instead of just posting a tweet about it

My heart goes out to all who are affected by today 's unfortunate events in Boston . #prayforboston

If any of our friends were at the Boston Marathon please let us know you 're okay . We are praying for you ! 3

instead of hashtagging it #PrayerForBoston , why dont u really pray for boston . this is why i hate social networks during tragedies

there r some people in this world that really are jackasses #boston

RT : #Boston Marathon runners for #Newtown safe , finished before blasts .

I bout you guys but ca n't we stop with the pictures for like 5 minutes and let the families and people who 've lost grieve in peace ? #boston

Out all day . Just home now , learning about Boston . No words . Nothing is amusing or distracting right now . I wish it were n't so . #Boston

For those affected in Boston and elsewhere stay strong . Cant believe the selflessness of those rushing to aid the victi

Officials : Boston Marathon bombs kill 2 , hurt 49 Two dead in bomb blasts near finish line of Boston Marathon ,

I 'm just too heated about this Boston thing I ca n't even come up with dumb shit to tweet my bad followers

All the best to our #Boston brothers and sisters during this tragedy .

Thoughts and prayers to the good people of Boston . Shocking , sad , horrible occurrence this afternoon .

R.I.P. To the people who died or got injured in Boston . Good Luck to the survivors and hope they get well soon .

#prayforboston my thought and prayers are at Boston right now :-LRB-

My prayers go out to everyone affected by the events in Boston today #prayforboston

I love that dirty water : Boston you 're STILL my home . #BostonMarathon

Yea guys lets blame the middle east for the explosion in Boston . . You guys are so fucking ignorant.always have to blame a Country for nothing

Y' all gon na forget about Boston next week , quit fronting dawg

Imagine a huge beam of white Light covering the city of Boston . Love and protection over Boston !

just because we 're not tweeting about boston 24/7 does n't mean we do n't care . #prayforboston

There is something tormented about a person that willingly attacks innocent individuals #BostonMarathon #Pray #Justice #Boston

The bombing in Boston is terrible . I ca n't believe this :-LRB- Heart goes out to people who are injured and have passed . #prayforboston xx

Prayers go out to all those in Boston today

What happened in boston is awful . Words ca n't even describe the heartbreak this caused . My thoughts are with Boston #prayforboston

US Navy sends bomb team to Boston to help with explosion investigation .

WDMC this boston marathon thing O.O

boston got bombed . and the first people niggas blame is the muslims . people make me sick .

I rather call up to Jesus to give me the answer of what happened in Boston !!! Why they did this ? Cuz they idiots that 's all ! No life no love

I grew up in MA and love the great city of #Boston . Sending prayers from San Diego .

#prayfortheworld . honestly . not just boston , because the entire world needs it .

Thoughts go out to those effected in Boston .

Really hurts to watch the footage of the bombing in Boston !

What a tragedy . Thoughts and prayers for Boston .

an #Islamophobe calling 4 murder of #Muslims following Boston bombings-deleted tweet Cc

It 's not funny saying Zayn put that bomb and Selena should have been in Boston , seriously do n't play with that . #PrayForBoston

Currently in FL on hols and watching the news channels about Boston , absolutely bloody HORRIFC !

I feel really bad for what happened to the people in Boston .

At the end of a horrific day in Boston , we at the TTF want to extend our prayers and heartfelt wishes to all impacted by today 's events .

Prayers go out to the people who lost there life and were injured in the Boston bombing .

It 's important to remember that it was not a race or whole religion that set off those bombs in Boston . #prayforboston

Whooaaa , am watching the PC is trying to downplay what happened , but the pics are devastating #Boston

Why is Muslims trending again ? STOP BLAMING MUSLIMS AND PRAY FOR THE PEOPLE OF BOSTON PLEASE MAKE USE OF YOUR LIVES #pr

Take time to pray for Kennsigton toonot just Boston . #StayStrong

Pray for boston :-LRB- omg R.I.P to the people that died #respect

I think I 'll wait until a real news report Breaking : Authorities ID a Saudi national as a suspect in Bosto

Our prayers go out to the families and victims of the tragedy in Boston . Please join us .

: powertotheyankinpussy : Praying for those in Boston today . For those in - powertotheyankinpussy : Praying

I was n't in Boston davin lmao

Several local runners were in Boston for marathon

Well said - our thoughts are with the people of #Boston in the UK .

#prayforboston thoughts with the victims , their families and all of those in the city of Boston

I can only take so much of the news talking about this Boston attack -LRB- or any sad event -RRB- b4 I change the channel .

Thanks for following Nina . So sorry for the victims and all of Boston .

Please do n't #prayforboston when you could donate blood for Boston . Does loads more good .

Put aside your own trials and tribulations and pray for the victims and families in Boston . #WePrayForYou

Though I do wonder if will address the issue in #Boston - maybe send their condolences ?

Just like previous attacks , today in Boston #PrayersForBoston

So sad about Boston . Prayers ! #boston

2 explosions went off after the finish of the Boston marathon

Who wants to bet that the Westboro Baptist Church is going to protest the funerals of the people in Boston ? #tragic #prayforboston

People will do anything for a retweet tweeting incredibly false things about tragedies in Boston is solow #prayforki

just got home from work my eyes just couldnt believe the bad news about boston my heart hurts 4 all those in boston =-LRB- -LRB-

There was a terrorist attack in Boston today . Keep your ears open .

If you think the tragedy in Boston is humorous , I 'll buy your ticket to North Korea .

Our hearts and prayers go out to those affected by today 's tragedy in Boston Grace and peace

My thoughts and prayers continue to be with the victims of the Boston Marathon bombing . Mad respect for all those

What kind of sick world do we live in where there is a bombing at a Marathon ? Prayers go out to the families . #prayforboston

#BostonMarathon coverage continues w / at 8 pm -LRB- ET -RRB- . 90.9 FM in Greater Boston . Live streaming : h

Calm to those in Boston . Peace be with you . #prayforboston

Pray for God 's blessings on Boston . On the whole world for that matter

Thoughts and prayers are in Boston today . What kind of idiot bombs a marathon

I confirmed it immediately . I 'm extremely pissed off at the moment . This is Boston 's day and it is forever scarred #godblessboston

A little oasis in the desert of madness . Thoughts still with Boston .

I fucking asked what happened in Boston and none of you rude fucks responded . Fuck y' all faggot ass hoes

North Korea you do n't have to worry about bombing us . . Our citizens do it for you . . #smh #terrible #prayforboston

Laurel J. Richie begins with acknowledging the tragedy in Boston #WNBADraft13

Boston Marathon explosions : Deaths , injuries reported - #prayforboston #boston #prayingforall -LRB- via

Pple who wreak havoc on others , #Boston for egthen end up repenting , and making heaven . * sigh *

seeing army trucks driving around boston on the news is so weird . this should n't be happening #prayforboston

Opened Streetlight report via Android at 103 Harvard Ave Boston Dont walk lights dont work .

Even though I had a good day today , there are people in Boston who had the worst day ever . Many prayers for them

Rhetoric Race and Religion : The Boston Bombing : A Reader #Boston #Bombing

I love you #Boston . So proud of how the people of Boston responded today .

All I can say is the last time terrorists used Boston back in ' 01 , we ended up taking out Hussein and Bin Laden Think on that #prayforboston

my aunt lives in Boston :-LRB- I 'm so scared for her

Due to the unfortunate events in Boston earlier today , the Brian Buckley Band would like to forward our blessings

Still ca n't get over what happened in Boston smh .

I feel as if I lost a Friend today at the Boston Marathon . . #CruelWorld

It 's all about Boston today .

For more than 3 houres av been thinkin about the boston bombs #PrayForBoston

Praying for Boston . Those poor people . #BostonMarathon

Rip to this 8 year old girl who died on boston 's explosion while running for sandy hook kids :-LRB- xx #prayforboston

To the runners in Boston who kept running to the hospital to donate blood , that 's beyond awesome

The pic of the little girl wearing the joe cassella 5k sticker is n't from Boston . That marathon takes place in Virg

To everyone on Twitter that are making jokes about what happened in Boston today , you all are assholes . Get a life .

Hang tough Boston . NYers thinking of you . Saw three Red Sox caps on UWS on way home tonight . #PrayforBoston

Feel free to tell me when Cody Simpson is coming to Boston . ;-RRB-

1 . Make una dey mad over boston RIP to the dead and all . . but . . am I American ? Wetin be my concern ? . .

Boston , my friend , my heart goes out to you .

Here I was bitching about homework , some people said goodbye for the last time today #Boston

Some people make me sick to my stomach . My thoughts and prayers are with those in Boston . #prayforboston

My son in law was just telling me that in one of the videos out of Boston today the 8 yr old boy who died was holding a yellow balloon

My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Boston and anyone else affected by this tragedy . God Bless America .

as bad as I feel about thd people involved in the boston bombing , I hope we can also mourn for the 42 people who died

I just need some rest before what happened in Boston . . I 'll try to sleep . Good night if i can say it . . #prayforboston

the minute I heard about the ball bearings , I thought of Bill Ayers and Bernadine Dohrn ; who designed their bombs to KILL and MAIM #boston

Prayers 4 all the Ppl in Boston bravo 2 those fearless Ppl who right after the blast rushed to help those in need . Your humanity heals !!!

CNN reports at least 132 injuries reported in Boston terror attack , at least 17 are critical ; 8 are children .

Our hearts go out to the victims of the Boston Marathon . Please join us in a prayer for the families of the

I ca n't believe someone would set up bombs at the Boston Marathon . Who the fuck does that shit ? #PrayersForBoston

Prayers out to the Injured in Boston Marathon bombing .

Security beefed up worldwide after Boston blasts via

Do n't blame God for these evil doings , blame the one that does n't know him . Prayers go out to Boston .

Saddened by the news coming out of Boston .

Apparently there 's ppl that think the Boston marathon explosions were carried out by the Obama administration ? K it mus

Our hearts go out to the families of those hurt in the senseless violence today in Boston .

Please be in prayer for the people of Boston ! Pray for our nation and for the world . Come quickly Lord Jesus , we

BREAKING : Two explosions at Boston Marathon , many casualties

I am truly saddened by the events in Boston . We need to work towards a better world . #BostonMarathon #Support #GoodWill #Hope #Love #Peace

Thinking of everyone in Boston . Wishing the world were a safer place

Boston ! Noooo :-LRB- nonstop thoughts and prayers for you

Seeing the replays of the bombing over and over again just makes me want to cry . We live in a sick world #prayforboston

Lets turn back to the fact that 2 more people just died from the Boston attack today . Carry on hookers .

Pray for Boston : / No more terrorism and violence please !

Things like this should never happen . Death and injuries of innocent lives is unacceptable . To make it worse , an 8 yr old kid died . #Boston

7 Boston area hospitals were treating patients injured in the explosions at the Boston Marathon . #grateful 4 their help ! #prayforboston

Boston Globe with video of finish line , explosion , mayhem injured .

The boston that 's had the bombing is n't in new york . .

Keep Calm And Pray For Boston Yall

Praying here in Ireland too for the victims in Boston especially because of Boston and Irelands close affiliation .

Runners complete marathon and then run to hospital to donate blood . Amazing ! From

TT nationals safe after Boston explosions , Obama vows to get to bottom of attacks

The Boston bombing killed two , including an eight year old !! These peoplethey need Jesus . #prayforboston

The whole sport community has been touched by the #Boston Marathon tragedy today . Sports should bring people together , not

about not giving a shit about Boston ;p

Boston , 62 Boylston St , fire in a dryer vent on the 8th floor , company on scene reporting bulk of fire knocked down , full 1st alarm en route

WH/Boston update : Boston and nearby Mass General is calming as injured are treated . WH/Boston will operate without interruption Tuesday .

Love and prayers to Boston and everyone affected by this terrible incident

My prayers are with all of the injured people in Boston and their families #PrayForBoston

Officials advise using text instead of calls if you are in the Boston area , or trying to reach someone there .

Please stop tweeting pictures or videos of what happened in boston.the terrorists win when we do . #USA #prayforboston

A student at BBN is undergoing surgery for injuries sustained at the marathon today #prayforgillian #prayforboston

I think I speak for everyone here at the Shrine when I say how sorry I am about the Boston Marathon Bombings .

You know what I want to do right now ? Get myself to Boston to donate blood . Next time there 's a blood drive I 'm giving .

The fact that an 8 year old died with two other people and there 's like 80 people injured cuz of a dirtbag that blew up the Boston marathon

it 's not that they do n't care . I just think by saying my prayers go out for Boston . Is misrepresenting a lot of ppl

My thoughts and prayers go out to everyone that was affected by the tragedy in Boston , stay strong !

QUOTEBOX-Leaders react to Boston Marathon explosions

All my love goes out to Boston , and those with friends and family there . #fb

Fucking stupid saying pray for boston when you have n't even prayed idiots likess and retweets

Changing my name to #PrayForTheWorld from #PrayForBoston because the whole world needs prayed for not just Boston .

Fox News Contributor Responds to Boston Marathon Explosions : Kill All Muslims via

Initial reports from Boston are that all 3 Prince George runners finished the race safely and are okay .

OMG I just got and all I see is Boston Bombing ! What has happened !! I 'm scared ! Is everyone okay ?! D :

Heart going out to the family of the eight year old boy that died in the Boston marathon #prayforboston

Prayers and good thoughts go out to Boston and all those affected by todays terrible tragedy #prayersforboston

Praying for our friends who call Boston their home .

How Authorities Can Shut Down Cell Service : Reports that cell service had been suspended in Boston turned out

Doc It Foundation sends out it 's prayers for Boston , stay strong ! God Bless

awh i just saw the most fucked up picture of one of the boston marathon victims with his leg blown off . ergeh . .

Due to the tragedy in Boston today , #InternPro will be dark this evening good time to keep our work and career goals

Do n't Flop might as well set up a ` Boston bars ' battle , coz you know what 's comin next . .

Thoughts and prayers obviously go out to the victims and injured in Boston . A great city . Senseless .

How it is that celebs can tweet about Boston today , but did n't give a fuck about the Troy Davis or the fuck shit in Africa with Albinos ?

My thoughts now is with the boston marathon explosion . Its also very near at mandarin Boston :-LRB-

Just shocked , ca n't describe how wrong it seems to attack marathoners . I just want retribution for what happened #boston

HUGE credit to those opening their homes to people after the #BostonMarathon bombs . My thoughts go out to all affected #prayforboston

Awful scenes is Boston . Just very sad . Prayers out to everyone involved .

September 11th 2001July 20th 2012November 30th 2012April 15th 2013This needs to stop . #WTC #Aurora #SandyHook #Boston

So touched by the moment of silence at the Preds v Canucks game ! Remembering Boston xx

Praying for those injured and lost in the horrible bombings at the Boston Marathon today . #BostonMarathon2013 God bless us all .

My prayers are with boston one love . .

Can someone tell me what the hell is goin on in Boston ?!

I 'm sure they 're out there but I have n't seen a single joke about the Boston Bombs . You people never cease to amaz

It amazes me how Korea got to Boston so fast

My Teacher was running the Marathon . he is okay but it is heart breaking #prayforboston

keeping boston in my prayers 3 STAY STRONG !!!!

GOOD MORNING GUYS !! WHAT 'S HAPPENING ??? BOSTON TRAGIC IS SUCH A HEARTBREAKING NEWS . . #prayforboston AND WHAT 'S WITH PANDARA THING ???

We runners have to stick together . Prayers for the people at the Boston Marathon

Our prayers condolences go out to everyone affected by the cowardly acts at the Boston Marathon .

yea I did actually , not everyone is being fake about their concerns and support of boston

and footage would be a lot more compelling if half the screen were n't filled with a stupid headline and crawl . #boston

Gallery of Social Media Images from Boston #tcot #tlot

I stood next to 20 Boston Marathon runners at the airport . All very sad , tired , and I think a little thankful .

#bostonredux is happening sunday . do n't want to mess with Boston Police investgation :-RRB-

Thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected in Boston . We 'll be playing our hearts out for you . #BunchNation # B-Strong #Onelove

2 dead , more than 130 hurt from Boston Marathon bomb blasts : At least two people are dead , including #Atlanta #GA

Reminded of my love of Boston and running today :

#Boston #bombing was awful . Hopefully it was an isolated domestic incident b/c if its an overseas plot from Iran or N.K ; look out !

Google Person Finder Helps In Boston Marathon Explosions -LRB- TJ McCue/Forbes - Business -RRB-

Stay strong boston . Stay strong .

So happy that none of my friends got injured during the explosions in Boston .

Moment of silence at the United Center for Boston . Awesome .

As many as 30-40 people in surgery this very moment from the tragedy in Boston today , please pray for them and their famili

R.I.P. to the 8 year-old girl who died in Boston 's explosions , while running for the Sandy

My heart is with the people of Boston tonight . I am stunned by the violence that has marred this joyful , apolitical event . #BostonMarathon

My bby Allana was in Boston while the bombing happened , luckily she 's okay #prayforboston

So there is a Saudi suspect 4 #Boston #Marathon explosions !!! Sigh ! We saw that coming .

hi Malcolm , I love you . Please pray for Boston tonight . They could really use it . #prayforboston #BostonMarathon

As I run tomorrow 's track meet . I will be remembering the runners in the Boston marathon who could n't finish the race . #PrayingForBoston

My prayers with what 's going on in Boston

If I see someone making fun of the bomb in Boston ill put a shovel up your asshole and push you into a well and turn my self in too the popo

Yes the events in Boston are tragic , but blown out of proportion . 31 dead in Baghdad today , over 100 deaths/day in Syria ,

Our thoughts are with those affected by the tragedy at the Boston Marathon . Bless all .

Their agenda is to stricking it up out here to the max . . #Boston

Our hearts prayers go out to all those affected by today 's senseless tragedy in Boston .

Praying for all the victims and family members of The bombings in Boston .

Do n't get me wrong , I feel for #Boston right now , but #Iraq has been plagued by just as much devastation . #prayforthemboth

So sorry to hear about the tragedy in Boston today . Some people are just evilthere 's no real explanation for it .

Irritated Kuz some shit just aint fuckin right n it aint that Boston bs

#smh People already blaming Boston on Obamacare

Our thoughts and prayers go out to those effected by the bombing in Boston today . We knew several people in and

the thing that bothers me is that it 's not like the news wo n't be talking about Boston all week on every channel .

Stay strong #boston . . God I just feel sick thinking about those people . . who would do this ?

Entirely possible the bombings in #Boston today were not initiated as an act of terror . Could be WORSE a psychopathic attention seeker

RIP to the two who died and the several people who were injured at the Boston Marathon

Deadly bombs strike Boston Marathon - Just shiit !

MPAC Condemns Heinous Terrorist Act : Our Thoughts and Prayers Are With All Those in Boston

SHOCK Video captures moment Boston Marathon was rocked by two explosions -LRB- via

and it made him feel bad so he deleted it and tweeted about Boston . Smh people .

I wan na know did people really pray for people in boston when they hash tag #prayforboston

Some of you bitches arent even praying for Boston yet you 've uploaded like 5 pictures telling people to do it

I bet the WBC is itching to protest the funerals of those poor folks who died in Boston today just waityou wi

Boston Marathon : Oregon head of public instruction Rob Saxton was back at hotel , safe

When something bad happens , such as the Boston bombings , everyone runs to God , but when something bad happens to them ,

Some terrible thing happened in my hometown #boston and idek what smh

After spending an hour depressing myself listening to the stuff up in Boston , I 'm happy everyone at the gym is still joking talking sports

I 'm so thankful my cousin who lives in Boston is okay3

Not trying to sounds like a broken record with this but , what happened in Boston make me sick to my stomach

To the Boston murderers , hope you enjoyed your last night of rest last night , now you are hunted . Sure your friends wo n't turn on you ?

Armored vehicle and SWAT team arrive at Brigham and Women Hospital in Boston . #bostonmarathon

Waking up in the morning with a shocking news about bombing at Boston , my prayer goes to your family and please stay safe #prayforboston

My prayers go out to those in the explosions that happened in Boston . #prayforboston

all our thoughts goes to you Boston .

One of the fatalities from the Boston Marathon explosions was an 8-year-old child .

Oh dear , I have extemp buddies in Boston . Thoughts and prayers go out to you all ! and make sure to keep your forensics buddies updated !

Stop tweeting those graphic ass pics tho shit is disrespectful #boston

The scene in Boston is a sad one . So senseless . My thoughts are w/the participants in the marathon , their families , 1st responders .

Im not big on praying but hope shit gets better for those in Boston

The people who make twitter accounts about the Boston bombing just to get retweets and followers just makes me sick to my stomach .

Oh god , here come the Boston tweets and FB statuses . .

Honestly how can people be complaining about the day they have had , when Boston just got bombed !? #PrayingForBoston

2 dead in #Boston Marathon blasts , docs find ballbearings embedded in wounds of the injured

The footage from the bombing in Boston is bone chilling . The screams in the background are terrifying .

Really praying for a member of our hockey family Mike Smith that he is okay after running the Boston marathon . #NervouslyWaiting

#dwts How will the voting go 4 those who can not see the show because of the tragedy in Boston . Is there any information ?

Sending love and strength to the people of Boston . #bostonstrong

My thoughts go out to everyone who was effected by this tragedy in Boston today . When will it end ? #BostonMarathon

Pretty shaken up My little sis was at the finish line of the marathon today . . Just spoke to her and she 's alright .

Help shelter stranded victims of the Boston Marathon by simply filling out this #Google doc : #help #bostonmarathon

Full Text of President Obama 's Statement on Boston Marathon Explosions #LongIsland #News

You got this Boston . You got this .

#News Asia markets dip after Boston blasts : Asian markets decline in early trading after two #Business #Market

Our hopes and thoughts are with you Boston ! Hate sucks !

Suspect being ` held in Boston hospital ' with severe injuries while another man is pictured in handcuffs #MailOnline

My heart goes out to the families and victims of the Boston marathon terrorism attack . #StopTheHate

I 'm so mad about the whole Boston thing.Seriously gets under my skin .

What a morning : Boston , Dave McArtney , rain . Need some cheering up ! Bless you ! #treats4tweets

Our thoughts and prayers go out to those affected by today 's tragedy in Boston . -- Kern Legal Services

To all the Boston TWFanmily , hope you and your families are safe

yo man my deepest condolences go out to the people in boston ! rest in peace to those people that lost their lives in the explosions !

its not scattered info . the military is all over boston helping .

glamberts pleases pray for Boston #PrayForBoston send ur heart out tweet this pic #PrayForBoston

I wish I was in Boston right now so I could donate blood or do something . .

Would It be to soon to make a surprise Patrick for the Boston Marathon ?

LIVE COVERAGE : Boston Marathon Bomb Blast , including links to local video streams -

#PrayersForBoston My prayers go out to everyone in Boston , and I extend my condolences to those who have lost a loved

dont hate on someone saying they do n't care when they have tweeted one tweet that does n't deal with boston

Darker skinned or black male with a backpack . . Really.WTFAll Negros at Boston College are scared to go

Even here , it feels weird tweeting about other things - Toronto dominated by talk of Boston . Sorry to all of you there .

jokes aside Tom was in Boston this afternoon . He just messaged me

Such a tragedy in Boston today !! Please pray for the injured and their families !! I just do n't understand !!

: Did you hear about what happened in Chicago ? Me : Um , you mean Boston?Cassidy : Uh , same thing . #SheSmart

All our thoughts and prayers go to Boston and Cambridge tonight , and all those affected by the horrific events at the #BostonMarathon .

My thoughts and prayers are with those injured and affected by the Boston Marathon bombing . #prayforboston

WATCH : Video captures Boston terror at the 4:09:44 mark

Arland Macasieb , one of Filipinos who joined the #Boston marathon , says he and most of Filipino-American Tri-team are safe via

8-yr-old girl died in terrorist attack at Boston Marathon . . at least 1 more dead . . 10 + amputations . .100 + wounded . We must fight Islam !!

VOA Literary News : Boston Marathon Explosions Kill 2 , Injure Dozens : At least two people were killed and more

People are caring about the bomb in Boston Palestine is getting bombed everyday . #estaqferallah

I wan na raise money for Boston

STORY : Boston Marathon explosion - #Kelowna runners 500 metres from blast . #InfoTel #Kamloops #bostonmarathon

Praying for our family friends and anyone affected during this horrific act of terror in Boston .

lets all take a moment to Remember what happend in Boston today , we suppot you guys all the way ! Get well soon

Boston 12 Dead at least 120 Injured in Terror Attack

` Renewed Community Spirit ' - Letters To The Editor - The Heights - Boston College

Stunned by events in Boston . My thoughts and fervent wishes go out to our many friends there .

Listen to my new episode Boston Marathon Tragedy at #BlogTalkRadio

Spent two great years of my life in Boston and remember never living in a place where I felt so secure . Where can we re

one whole side of my family lives in Boston , very Grateful that everyone is ok and my heart goes out to those affected .

Our hearts go out to the victims of today 's bombing at the Boston Marathon . Thoughts and prayers are with you all .

They seriously have shirts made for the Boston thing already . Hm what does that tell you ?

Watching The Voice to get my mind off the Boston explosions .

Now a confirmed bombing.Heart goes out to Boston right now . Good thoughts and prayers for all those involved and all c

My friends in Boston said cell phone service was cut off

I have full trust in my fellow Federal L.E. brothers solving todays horrible event in Boston . Give it time , justice will be served !

Boston , hang in there . #SINGITFORBOSTON #SingItForTheWorld People are just getting even more pathetic by the day . Why ca n't there be peace

DailyDirt : Helping People In Boston : Apparently , the last mile of the Boston Marathon was dedicated to the New

Whenever tragedies like the one that just took place today at the Boston Marathon happen I always try to ask myself what can I do .

heard what happen in Boston today bro , hope all is well . Stay safe out there !

In light of the Boston bombing , a reminder on the difference between fear awareness : -LRB- via #world #travel

Major League Soccer offers our deepest condolences to those affected by today 's events in Boston .

But you seem to think moving to Fiji will change the way you feel about stuff like Boston

I do n't think bombing innocent people is going to get you anywhere but jail . . #PrayForBoston

Incredibly saddened by the events today in Boston . My deepest condolences and thoughts go out to everyone affected .

Give your thoughts out to Boston today , guys .

It 's a sad day for Boston . | A Grok on #terrorism :

The US killing 30 people at a wedding in Afghanistan does n't make the news , but two people dying at the Boston marathon does . ` Murica .

To My Followers please light a candle tonite on front porch in memory those who where hurt today Boston Marathon RT htt

Prayers and thoughts with those families . Hug loved ones to tonight . #Boston

UPDATED : At least 2 dead , dozens injured in Boston Marathon explosions : Two explosions at the finish line of the

Thoughts prayers with everyone in Boston today . Congrats to those able to pass the finish line b4 the chaos started . #BostonMarathon

2 dead , more than 130 hurt from Boston Marathon bomb blasts : At least two people are dead , including an 8-year

Someone just fucked with the wrong city ! #Boston

Prayin for the people in Boston and sad to hear one of the deaths was an eight year old boy . There are some cruel people in this world !!! :-LRB-

#PrayForBostonYou have my thoughts , good wishes and prayers Bostonians , and all marathon runners .

We all need to pray for Boston , no matter your race , religion , political views , or social views #ComeTogetherAmerica

Watching the news and my kid just asked me about the Boston bombings he asked who did it and why : / #prayforboston

I 'd like to pray for all the people and families effected by the Boston explosion . May God bring us peace .

Ok this Boston shit is really starting to annoy me , 2 fuckin people died . Get Over It .

athletes are not the only people that go to watch the Boston Marathon . It 's much more than being an athlete .

Prayers go out to Boston ppl from Hampton roads Virginia may god bless them all . . what is this world coming to :-LRB-

love to my fellow Boston girl

my cousin was suppose to be at that marathon . But something popped up . #godbless #prayforboston

A sign meant for encouragement , turned into a more somber callout . So awful . #boston

Since I 've been sleep have we invaded in countries yet for what happened in Boston ?

Mass General Hospital in Boston on lockdown after suspicious object found in parking lotthis is rotten !!!

There are some crazy people in the world . . Iam praying for boston

Boston is home to Hollow 's post production team and we are all feeling very fortunate to be safe and sound in our

To those asking I do n't have any links to National Anthems and tributes to Boston in Montreal and Chicago . Sorry

my stepmom goes to Boston a lot for work , it 's scary that she could have been there , I 'm so thankful that she wasnt .

Man got outta practice and this meeting and I hear bout someone bombing the Boston Marathon.thats just sad smh #PrayForBoston

Relieved to hear that the parents of some friends who are in Boston are ok . My heart goes out to those who have been affected .

We ca n't allow events like Boston today to become new normal for US . We are better than this or spreading hate and misinformation . #peace

Sts . Anthony of Padua Anthony the Abbot , we pray for those suffering from amputation because if their injuries today in Boston .

3POODS ` ers , Our prayers and thoughts go out to those affected by the explosion at the Boston Marathon - and

There have been 10 amputations already as a result of Boston Marathon bombing : report

At the end of the day all of the bullshit and twitter drama is nothing compared to what these people are dealing with in Boston .

It 's heartbreaking to know that the act of terrorism just killed people in Boston . Where is humanity ? Stop terrorism !! #prayforBoston :-LRB-

The cruelty and hate in the world can be overwhelming sometimes . My heart goes out to all those affected by this tragedy in Boston .

This is so devastating . Everyone please Pray for Boston .

An 8 year old kid died in that Boston Bombing . . sad .

#PrayersForBoston #prayforboston I KNOW ZAYN MALIK DID N'T SET OFF THOSE BOMBS ! #ZaynAintNoTerrist goodness , I hate when people do that !

prayers for Boston , and still with you and your family .

To think my dad had ran the Boston marathon #boston #PrayersForBoston

Thoughts are with our friends in our sister city #Boston today .

Pray for Boston , what about Baghdad ?

Via Police put on high alert across U.S. after Boston Marathon attack | #p2 #p2b

How did Anderson Cooper get to Boston so fast ?

Trade update : Toronto : Thomas 2013 3rd Boston : Steckel Gysbers

Before you RT or post pics from today 's tragedy , consider the loved ones of those featured . Would you want your loved one exploited ? #Boston

5 bucks the Boston bomber pulls the I 've got mental problems card when caught #Boston

Was this terrorist attack in Boston done 2 keep the focus off of #Gosnell trial ? #tcot

There is evil in this world I can not comprehend : - / #Boston

With 8 hotels in the vicinity , we are saddened by the tragedy at the Boston Marathon . Thoughts prayers r with

Manfrotto 701HDV Head and 547 Tripod -LRB- Everett -RRB- $ 225 #boston #photo #ads

Cowards : This is BOSTON . We fight injustice , promote enlightenment , and celebrate athletic achievement . You changed no

Boston was plannedIt 's a distraction to take your mind off of Korea . Do n't believe the hype .

Praying for the victims and families in Boston marathon explosion #Boston #prayforboston

Blackout . . In Respect of the Boston Marathon Tragedy

Praying for the person -LRB- s -RRB- who committed the bombing God 's grace is for everyone . #prayforboston

wtf people like these should 've been in Boston , bc they have no life , ugh .

Friendly reminder : Just because someone does n't tweet about the Boston tragedy does n't mean they do n't care or do n't feel

two bombs went off killing 2 people and over 100 hurt . #PrayForBoston

Wearing my Boston hat tomorrow for support .

Ca n't get over this Boston bombing . Simply horrible . My love goes out to all affected by this true tragedy .

Have n't been online for 7 hours and just saw the news about Boston . Horrible .

Just got home and turned on the tv and see this tragedy in boston at the marathon . This is so sad .

This Boston news is unfortunate , but it 's probably the start of a lot of similar events to come this week , Korea , thatchers funeral LDN . .

Wow , fox news is now reporting that the FBI is going to investigate the bombing in Boston . No Shit you really think so . Come on #foxnews

This was an unspeakable event and we grieve with all of Boston and the country over today 's occurrences .

The world unites over Boston explosions and suddenly it 's a contest as to who should be respected , mourned and ` cov

Who ever set them bombs off in Boston is a sick bastard

Excellent responsible coverage #BostonMarathon w / Chris Hayes on #msnbc HT to #Boston 1st Responders

Thoughts and our sincere prayers for all those effected in the terrible tragedy in Boston today :--LRB- Also , lets

The New York Post Says ` Saudi Suspect ' Being Held In Boston : Even though Boston police commissioner Edward

Why ? Sending love and hugs over to Boston . xoxox

I pray for all involved in the Boston terrorist attack . I am so outraged that this was done in the city of my youth .

thoughts and prayers to all of you in Boston from those of us in Seattle .

While Team Pittsburgh was busy raising money for Event Pros Take Action , Boston was hosting their own regional

A new favorite : The sound of Boston -LRB- Instrumental -RRB- by Frandy Mistahfritz Brown on #SoundCloud

Just because you stopped tweeting about Boston does n't mean you stopped praying for them . They are two entirely different things .

Boston Globe is doing excellent work covering the tragedy straddling the line between graphic heartbreaking . Prayers , thoughts , hope .

Made this in honor of those who died and to support the injured . The citizens of my city of #Boston remain unified . http

Rest in peace to those who lost there life in Boston #PrayersForBoston

christians on my FB saying they want to bomb someone for the Boston thing . they dont even know who they want to kill but they are sure . #sad

#Bomb #blast in #Boston by a coward ! You will be found . You will pay . God bless #America .

My heart goes to the people of the Boston Marathon disaster today . It opens all the wounds as a survivor .

My thoughts and heart is with the people of Boston today . Such a tragedy . Please do n't blame a religion or race for t

Child Killed in Boston Explosions : An 8-year-old child was one of two casualties when bombs shook the Boston Marathon today , a law en

The airport is on high security in los angeles and Chicago because of what happened in Boston .

Y is everyone praying for the people of boston pray for the victims families , Boston DID NOT GET BOMBED ! A bomb blew up in Boston .

Terrible to hear about the explosions in Boston . My prayers go out to all those affected .

Know I 'll watch this at work today VIDEO : Dramatic footage of the Boston Marathon explosion :

Boston cell networks stay online after blasts : Cellular networks in Boston were still operating #Technology

Our prayers go out for those in Boston may God be with all those involved .

I wonder how many people really prayed for Boston

Tom Bergeron said on ABC 's #DWTS : ` Our thoughts are with everyone in Boston tonight . ' -LRB- FYI - We 'll post a recap of t

Damn Boston eating all the pop tarts . .

Keeping those affected by the events in Boston in my prayers .

Sending my prayers to the families loved of those who lost their lives today who were injured . #boston

To My Friends in Boston and Beyond -LRB- via

Retweet for donations for Boston ? People stupid enough to believe that shit ? Looks like it .

Saddened by ongoing news about Boston today wishing media would have spent a little time on #gosnell the last few weeks #BothTragic

Footage of first explosion at Boston marathon

Two More Explosive Devices Found At Boston Marathon ; Being Dismantled

It 's scary knowing I was just in Boston not too long ago . My prayers go out to all the people affected by this awful b

Tomorrow is not promised to anyone . . blessed for everyday I have on this planet #prayers #boston

God bless all the victims of the bombings in Boston . Thoughts and prayers are with you .

That Boston thing is the reason why I will never live in America . I 'm happy here in Canada .

Praying for Boston , I send all my love and hope333 xx

Quite frankly why pray for Boston , what about those over seas who deal with bombs and the sort , society does n't make sense to me

May the peace of Christ be with all who have been touched by the terror in Boston .

all these people saying pray for Boston etc. but will you actually pray ?

People complaining about their lives right now . Shut up . The McTaggarts the people in Boston r going threw much

We are saddened by the explosions at the Boston Marathon today . Our thoughts and sympathies are with the victims and their

Heart drops thinking of the Boston explosions #nowords

Truth is we do n't need Jesus more because of the Boston Trajedy . we need him more more everyday cause we are NOTHING

My greatest condolences to the families of deceased in Boston :-LRB- #prayforboston

Quick tweet , 2 say I wo n't tweet about Boston at all today . Too close to Ottawa , and too scary . Saw it in a dream yet did n't believe . Horror

My thoughts and prayers are with the victims in Boston and their families . As an event that brings the world together , we are all affected .

Boston Celtics game against the Indiana Pacers has been cancelled tomorrow night and will not be rescheduled . #prayer

Jeez , this Boston Marathon news is just crazy . Unbelievable

Its always something . Praying for the ppl in Boston .

My prayers go out to anyone affected by the bombing at the Boston marathon today #prayforboston

Pray for Boston everyonesmh this world man smh

Boston Celtics and Indiana Pacers game scheduled for Tuesday , April 16 at TD Garden has been canceled . The game will

boston n. koreas presetto his dad ?

Prayers going out for people in Boston . Hope they find all of the bombs

At least ten limbs lost in Boston bombing . #Fuckthat

8-Year-Old Boy One Of The Dead In Boston Bombing #p2

BREAKING : 2 dead , 22 injured in Boston Marathon explosions . -LRB- via Boston Police -RRB- #PrayForBoston

What a sad day in boston . The people who are responsible are nothing but cowards .

Whatever race/nationality the Boston bomber is , his entire community will be subjugated to extreme racism prejudice for the next ten years

Obama Arming Al Qaeda Terrorist Groups in #Syria #Boston #BostonBombing #BostonMarathon

People finder . MKF : People finder . MKFGoogle Person Finder : Boston Marathon

I 'm disgusted about this Boston incident . More so that attacks like this are commonplace nowadays . Justice WILL be served . #prayforboston

I 'm not turning on my TV cause I do n't wan na see none of this shit about Boston . Not disrespecting but I know its gon na ruin my mood

Two SWAT team members guard the Sheraton in Boston , where hundreds of runners are .

Thoughts and prayers go out to Boston today , such a tragic thing . This world is truly messed up ! #PrayForBoston

#prayforboston Joe Casella , 8 years old , murdered in Boston . I know you 're an angel now , like always you are . RIP .

Preyer goin to the people in boston just crazy

My heart goes out to the victims and the responders in today 's bombings of the Boston Marathon . #fb

My prayers goes out to the victims , family and friends of the Boston Marathon bombing . Let them be in our prayers !

Boston bombing or Girl posting cum shot on instagram ??? So far the cum shot has taking over my timeline

Ca n't believe that someone would do something like this . Especially with Sandy Hook families at the marathon today . #prayforboston

Rubin Kristof : two journalists see blowback for post-marathon Tweets . hint : one was right . -LRB- h/t

prayers for people of Boston . Chairman of Homeland Security cte just said person of interest is in custody

Boston is a super rad city that wo n't let this atrocity bring ` er down . Here 's Aaron , one of the founding

2 Dead , Dozens Injured in Boston Bomb Blasts

It 's pretty sad what happened at the Boston marathon . . #prayforBoston

Drills depicted the false flags on the same day of 9-11 , #SandyHook , #Boston .

What happened in Boston today was very unfortunate . I juss hope they find the one -LRB- s -RRB- responsible . Cold world .

Xclusive News : Two Dead , More Than 100 Injured In Boston Marathon Bombings : Two bombs ripped #xclusivevibeent

The fact that marathon runners kept running all the way to the hospital gives me so much more faith than doubt in humanity . #prayforboston

Last I checked the Boston Marathon was a sport . Not to mention some things transcend sports

I know im late but god bless everybody in boston , my prayers go out to them .

My sweet 4YO knows people in Boston are sad and wonders if we can have Boston Cream Pie tonight . Angel . #PrayForBoston

Hoping all my friends in Boston are safe

The NBA has announced that tomorrow 's game between the Pacers Boston Celtics at TD Garden has been canceled and will n

Praying for Boston . The world is just getting worse and worse .

Carlos is on every channel talking about all the people he saved today , holding his bloody flag . That 's a Boston occupier right there .

My thoughts and prayers goes out to the people from Boston involved in this tragedy . Be strong people !

Thank u for all thoughts and prayers . I am home and ok . Did not run Boston today . My prayers r w all who did . God bless u all .

I know the Boston Bombing has you glued to the MSM but your tax dollars supported the bombing of a wedding today

I do n't have many followers . Google have set up a page for missing people in Boston . Could you help rt

My heart and prayers goes out to those who were affected by the tragedy in Boston today . #swunited

Seattle Times T-Mobile CEO runs Boston Marathon , is safe

Also , Boston bombing is terrible but many people should just chill .

My prayers to everyone who was at the Boston marathon today . It to close to home to even think about terror attacks :-LRB-

Tonight we gather our collective energy to send love and light to the Boston community.May we remember that

Pray for Boston and hope everybody is in safe condition back there . Amen .

Thankful that my family in Boston is okay but my prayers go out to the innocent victims of such a terrible attack #prayforboston

Good to hear Mackay Olympian Benita Willis , in Boston , is safe . Worried mum Merilyn is relieved she 's OK

Thoughts and prayers go out to the people of Boston and everyone affected by today 's attacks . #prayforboston

Pray fr Boston !!! Have they went into administration like ?????

So saddened by the bombings in Boston . Those affected are in our prayers .

Just watched the video of the explosion in Boston . That sent chills down my spine dude . .

Already conspiracy theories about the Boston marathon bombing #Boston

Looks like there is going to be another historical moment added to the April 15th date #Boston

My friends almost ran in the Boston marathon and anyone who did that is fucked up #prayforboston

My thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected by the explosion in Boston #PrayerForBoston

Boston PD will hold a news conference at 7:30 p.m. CT on the marathon explosions . You can watch live here :

The pictures from the Boston Marathon explosion are just soo heartbreaking and horrific oh my gosh #prayforboston

Watching the bombing footage from The Boston Marathon brought tears to my eyes . Disgusting , horrible . #Boston

I 'm glad no ones blaming Muslimsyet . . for the Boston bombings

Having some of the same feelings I hoped I would never have again . #Boston

That Boston bombing is Cray ! Shits real out here

Love and thoughts go out to all the families affected in the Boston bombing 3 #Staystrong #Bostonmarathon

my cousin Michael ran in the marathon today in Boston . . i finally just heard from him thank god . . i dont know what i would do if i lost him

why are we making this about zayn people in boston died and all people talk about is zayn and defend zayn when innocent peole fucking died

Lesson here Basketball is a game , Life is something obviously more . Once again prayers out to Boston . #prayersforboston

beliebers are wishing Drake Bell was in boston today wow

My thoughts go out to anyone affected in Boston ! Terrible news

I 'm so heartbroken over What happened in Boston . I just ca n't believe it

ABS-CBN North America correspondent Don Tagala says Mayor Bloomberg announced NY is on heightened alert following Boston

if you could see me now . Is a perfect song for the victims on boston to the bombers . Srsly :-LRB-

Our thoughts are with everyone in this city today . #Boston

Bombs exploded without warning today in Boston , killing injuring dozens . Every goddamned psychic out there is worth

Does anyone know who bombed BOSTON ??!

Senseless act of terrorism claimed innocent lives at the Boston Marathon . Shame on the culprits . Heart goes out http

I hate when there are events that happen like in boston because it makes me reallllly upset and emotional #prayforboston

So true ! 2 many conflicting reports surfacing . Best 2 B rite than 1st . Sadly some want the headline w/o confirmation . #Boston

Knicks Celtics will face in a Playoff series for 15th time in NBA history Boston won 8 of 14 series .

I think is the only employee in Boston .

who did that is inhuman :--LRB- thoughts are with Boston

So very sad for those in Boston our thoughts are with you all

Our thoughts are with the city of Boston tonight , and with all the runners , their families and friends .

Please #FIGHTERS take a moment and pray for Boston #PrayersForBoston

Thoughts and prayers to the victims in today 's bombings in Boston . Yet another unimaginable tragedy .

I worry for the world you 'll grow up in sweet boy . #boston #terroristsareAholes

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and their families and to the City of Boston #bostonmarathon

Crazy to think that I walked that same street and saw the marathon finish line in Boston 2 years ago #scary

so first boston gets bombed now SAC called to warn us of a bomb threat there . : o Everyone be careful , this world is going insane !!

I 'm actually in the states , and may be the last person to hear about Boston

Every time we hear about these horrible sad news , always try to be thankful and think for a moment how blessed I am . Pray for Boston . #fb

I am heartbroken for Boston and hope the police catch the sick person/people responsible #BostonMarathon #justice

My thoughts and prayers go out to all involved in Boston today !!

I can not express the sorrow I am feeling , prayers to all of those affected by the bombings . #PrayersForBoston #Prayforbos

My thoughts are with the people in Boston after the meaningless blasts at the #bostonmarathon

People already blaming Muslims for Boston bombings . This happened with Oklahoma Norway . Turned out Muslims had nothing to do with either .

thoughts and prayers go out for boston from Rhodes here #thoughtsforboston #prayforboston #faliraki #faliraki2013 #

Watching CNN about Boston is so sad

Boston Marathon bombing kills 2 , injures over 130 : of anonymity because the investig #terrorism #security

Just realised I 've been sitting in my car for ten minutes after pulling up reading all the Boston news . Awful .

Watching the video of the Boston bombing is just horrifying

Praying for Boston tonight . This is heartbreaking and never should 've happened . #prayforboston #bostonmarathon #loveandprayers

That residents of Boston are helping out needy runners warms my heart - Be strong and safe - We WILL pull through this horror

Boston , be strong ! Sending out love and positivity to everyone volunteering help and services in Boston .

these horrible pictures from the Boston incident is too much . It 's already a sad tragedy . Why put people through more pain by doing that

In my opinion if any innocent person does you pay your fucking respect . Do n't go saying fuck Boston . What if your family were there ?

Whoever planned the Boston bombing I will find you and kill you #ihateyou #avenge

Wear a running shirt to work tomorrow to show your support for those injured and those who lost their lives in Boston today .

after seein all this pictures from Boston all i want to do right now is cry forever

and I heard in the news So sad for Boston

What a terrible event . Thoughts and Prayers are with Boston . #prayforboston

Be strong Boston . From a Yankee fan who is a Human Fan , our thoughts are with you .

Statement of Prince George 's Co Exec Rushern L. Baker , III : Deadly Explosions at Boston Marathon ht

All that I see on my ig is follow me on path and pray for Boston .

Praying for Boston . Praying for our country .

Boston Marathon Explosion -LSB- Live Stream -RSB-

Man give dem niggas who bombed Boston to me Drop dey ahh off in South Dallas Wit a big I hate Niggers Tat on d

Everyone pray for the all people in Boston . A incident like that should never happen

the stuff happening in Boston is terrifying , I ca n't even begin to imagine what it must be like to be there #prayfor

interesting Howard County Native First in Boston Marathon Wheelchair Division - Patch.c

My prayers r out to the ppl in boston I hope everyone there is ok

Next week you 're all gon na forget about Boston.Shut up . Stop pretending you care .

Prayers go out to all in Boston !!!!! Ca n't believe somebody could be so cruel !!!!! #PrayersForBoston

` I need officers ! There 's definitely another explosive ! ' Police radio from Boston Marathon attack reveals chaos

Two bombs blew up in Boston at 3 p.m today , and right now there are 2 people dead . One of them is an eight year-old kid .

My heart goes out to the 8 yr old angel who was a victim in Boston . #godspeed

We are praying for Boston . What a horrific act of terrorism . Be sure your sin will find you out .

Tuesday 's Boston Celtics game against Indiana Pacers canceled . Will not be made up

Going offline . Everyone is being idiots pretending like they care about Boston and know whats going on . Sit down , shut up , and get over it .

Tough Mudder ?! PFFT , Boston Marathon is the real obstacle course . #GANGSTA

My cavalry troop endured 160 bomb blasts in OIF . . senseless killings of civilians.Can ' t imagine an America where we fear that #prayforBoston

Video : Explosions at Boston Marathon finish line

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the entire city of Boston and to all of those folks affected by the explosions

Damn boston.whats really goin on.terrorist attack or inside job ? either way shits fucked up

Praying for the city of Boston and those affected by today 's tragedy

MT FBI Boston police jointly investigating Boston Marathon explosions . Witnesses urged to call 1-800-225-5324 , prompt # 3 .

ATTENTION!Due to the Boston Marathon incident , the Boston Celtics season home closer is CANCELLED and will NOT

Kobeys Swap Meet The Kobey Family sends it prayers to all those affected by the horrible bombings in boston . We

Photo : Our thoughts and prayers with the victims of the Boston marathon terror attack .

Its so sad to think that people had to go through what happened in boston today . #PrayersForBoston #devastating

Do n't get me wrong , the attacks at the Boston Marathon are heartbreaking . But it bugs me when people only care because

Our hearts ache for those in Boston today !

there 's only one man who would do such a thing at boston . . dieter von cunth

thank you for being concerned for Boston Louis .

Prayers for the victims of the Boston Marathon bombing . #prayforboston Here 's how you can help

Our sincere thoughts and prayers to the those injured and killed today at the #BostonMarathon , and to the city of Boston .

So sad to hear about the tragedy in Boston , keeping them in my prayers .

Did the person who blew up Boston realize that today is the day the Titanic sunk ??? #Prayforboston

RT / #Women Rita Jeptoo wins 2nd Boston title #TonyRocha

All Of The Newtown Runners Who Participated In The Boston Marathon Are Safe : Six members of the Newtown -LRB- Conn. .

Thoughts and prayers go out to all affected in Boston . There is no such thing as world peace these days

#Boston v #Ottawa game cancelled maybe because of the incident

I dont ever wan na feel like the ppl in Boston r feeling rite now . I mean who would ?

Boston , we 're with you . Try to find some peace tonight .

-LSB- BREAKING NEWS -RSB- Explosions At Boston Marathon , Headquarters On Lockdown Following Blast Near Race Finish Line :

Thank god my cousins that live in Boston are alright

The 8 year old girl that died today in the Boston marathon bombing was running for the kids of sandy hook . That 's f

Boston Police : ` We Are Questioning Many People ' :

Dear Boston , you 'll get through this . Stay strong !

One Boston photographer 's eyewitness account : ` My eyes were swelling up behind my camera . ' | -LRB- via

Yes , I live in Massachusetts . Haha . I 'm like thirty minutes away from Boston . I 'll be at a Red Sox game there next week

Thoughts and prayers are in Boston . Sick fucking cunts that did this should be burnt at stake . #rages me

My prayers go out to the people of #Boston , such a tragedy .

did you hear what happened in Boston ? Pray for the victims , but have no fear , my Task Force ACME is here !

McCain : Boston Tragedy Could Delay Immigration Bill via

No disrespect , but half yall sayin pray for boston prolly dnt even pray for yall selves

Woke up to tragic news . Stay strong , Boston .

Ppl wan na pray for Boston and shit and Philly niggas gettn murdered everyday shit pray for everybody

-LRB- UPDATED -RRB- NY Post , CBS News Report Saudi National Identified as Possible Suspect in Boston Marathon Explosions ;

UPDATE : 8-Year-Old Child Among Two People Killed In Boston Marathon Explosions . At Least 98 Hurt :

The world good , it 's the people crazy , so we pray for Boston .

Sad to hear about Boston . Reminds me of that movie The Peacemaker when Nicole Kidman talks about how people in pain

Nova Scotia runners continue to report they are safe and sound in Boston ; a ray of light on a dark day .

I truly feel that whoever planted those bombs at the Boston marathon needs to brought to justice . #pray4boston

The people that do n't give a shit about anyone else but themselves all of a sudden care and pray for Boston .

My prayers and deepest thoughts to the Boston Marathon victims . . God bless you all . .

Just saw a picture of the man who got his legs blown off in boston omg nooooooo stop

My thoughts and prayers go out to everyone involved in the tragic situation at the Boston Marathon . #prayforBoston

the boston explosion is basically the last straw my faith in society is gone out the window people can be plain evil

Press conference on the Boston Marathon explosions happening now . Watch live here :

JAMIE BUTOW : On social media surrounding Boston ; online privacy - Bakersfield Californian #SocialMedia

This world is so fucked up praying for Boston #bostonstrong

Runners in shock after marathon bombing : #bostonmarathon

Will you girls get over your first world problems ?? Bombs exploded in Boston !! Innocent lives were lost ! #prayforboston #NotYourselves

My heart and my prayers go out to the people in the terrible Boston explosion

Our thoughts and prayers go to everyone in Boston and to those who have family there .

If you 're going to start saying fucking jokes about Zayn bombing Boston go fucking sit down you immature little shit . This is n't funny . stop

prayers go out to boston and my homies and for their friends and fam #youdontfuckwithboston

ur welcome ! :-RRB- Did u hear bout the bombin in #Boston ? I live 5 miles away from the explosion ! #thechampishere

Just got the news about boston . Holy shit hope everyone gets through this

Thankful that crossed the finish line in Boston and he and my MIL were safely away from the madness at the Boston Marathon .

RIP to the 8 y/o girl who died in Bostons explosion while running for the Sandy Hook kids #prayforboston

cuz this JUST happened , n we all kno the news only shows wat they wan na show , he has no rite to say fuck Boston

Our prayers condolences go out to those affected by the explosions in Boston today . #BostonMarathon #PrayForBoston

17 people are fighting for their lives right now in Boston . Lets all send them positive energy and have these ppl in our hearts and minds .

#Thunder fan showing Boston some love .

Just seemed right to get a run in . Runners are tough . Americans are tough . Got ta keep the faith . All good vibes to Boston right now

My prayers go out the people involved in the Boston bombing

RT ? List of available #Boston rooms/houses tonight we will waive fees :

My heart goes out to all the families of those affected by the tragedy in Boston #BostonMarathon

- wow ! Predictable stupidity via Chris Matthews blaming Boston bombing on ` far ri

RT At least 141 injured -LRB- 17 in critical condition -RRB- , two dead in Boston terror attack

Billy hang strong Bostonian here in Canada I ran Boston in 96 and I cried and cried Go Billy for the victims

Thinking of family and friends in Jess ' home town of Boston .

Have seen social media updates from 3 #WichitaState alums who were at the Boston Marathon all are OK . Good news in the midst of tragedy .

Prayers of comfort and peace to everyone in Boston today .

My heart goes out to you at what you had to witness today . Thank you for your great work reporting the horror . #Boston

My heart goes out to those in Boston , it 's a sad sad day

Knowing a good friend of the family/my neighbor was running the Boston marathon while the bombs went off just makes my heart ache . #loveyou

With 8 hotels in the vicinity , we are saddened by the tragedy at the Boston Marathon . Thoughts prayers are with

Prayers going out to the city of Boston . #PrayForBoston

Why only pray for boston ? , we need to pray for the whole DAMN WORLD !!!

Marathon runners in Boston crossed the finish line and continued to run to the hospital to give blood for the explo

Kinda pissed indy at boston was cancelled . But given the circumstances , I understand .

25 New Brunswickers safe after Boston Marathon bombings - New Brunswick - CBC News

Our thoughts are with those in Boston and the families that are hurting . Let these stories inspire you in a time

Two dead and dozens injured as double explosion rocks Boston Marathon - The Guardian : The GuardianTwo #GoogleN

Fishing for RTs over the Boston tragedy ? You disgust me

It 's almost like God 's crying over what happened in Boston today . .

It sad to hear about the explosion in #Boston . Praying for recovery of injured people and justice to evil perpetrators

Hospital official : Ages of those being treated following Boston bom blasts from 3 to 62 years old .

I say if we find out this Boston Marathon bombing is an act of domestic terrorism we should nuke Washington DC .

Obama Vows to Get to the Bottom of Boston Bombing #teamfollowback

Read the comments . This is what Boston is all about . List of Boston residents offering rooms to stranded

Sincere prayers go out to Boston

Did you hear about the whole Boston thing

Parents : Pull your kids close tonight , give them a hug and kiss , and always protect them unconditionally . #Boston

We all need to pray peace and comfort for the families in Boston .

my deepest sympathy and prayers go out to the victims of boston marathon bombing #PrayersForBoston

RT Prayers go out to the people in Boston .

I knew she 'd find out about Boston .

House Intelligence Committee spox says members will have classified briefing on Boston attack at 11 am to

PreservingAylenLake Canadians describe Boston Marathon blast ` fear ' and ` shock ' : Canadians PreservingAylenLake

A very sad day in Boston . My prayers go out to the victims and to their families .

Thoughts and prayers with all the people who were at the Boston marathon !! #prayforboston

now people know y i do n't do marathons . #boston #vindicated

Site of the Boston Marathon Explosions - New York Times

Some Boston runners reportedly ran to he hospital to donate blood #everydayheroes

lets see what comes out of Boston investigation as for Mcveigh he got what he deserved who would have thought US security is so lax

It goes without saying that our thoughts , hearts , and prayers go out to the victims of the Boston terror attacks ,

inSF : SF , Oakland California On Heightened Alert After Boston Marathon Bombings : SAN FRANCISCO -LRB- KCBS/AP/BCN -RRB-

Wth happened in Boston while I was sleep ?

An 8 year old died in the Boston Marathon bombing ? Completely disgusted . What is wrong with the world we live in ?

My deepest condolence to the victims of Boston bombing :-LRB-

It 's so sad to think that what happened in Boston could happen anywhere else . #sadworld

Sad 2 hear about the tragedy that occurred today during the Boston Marathon . . smh . . it 's a sad cruel sick world that we live in at times #pray

Keeping those affected by the Boston marathon tradgedy in my thoughts and prayers

Do n't understand any of this . I pray God 's embrace to those who have suffered from this Boston explosion . Praying for Boston and America .

It looks like I have to cancel my college visit in Boston tmrw

My prayers and heart goes out to my fellow running community in Boston

The Mexican channels show more stuff bout Boston

#basketball Boston versus Indiana game canceled : National Basketball Association game schedu bballhunterDOTcom

You 're a great player Ronaldo would have you to be afraid our thoughts and prayers are with the people in Boston

No matter how gentle words of condolences are they can not take away Boston 's loss today . Courage to all the families bearing this heartache

Too true . Sad day here in Boston . But my hope 's reassured by the way people responded a running TOWARD the blast to assist .

Cell Service Still Up in Boston After Deadly Bombings Police reportedly shut down cellphone service to prevent

I 'm a fan of but this is n't the time to demand answers from the White House about what they knew about Boston bombing . Too soon .

NEW : Total to 5 reported additional , undetonated explosive devices in Boston area , per

Kids Hit Hard by Boston Marathon - ABC News

A marathon is 26.2 miles . 8 year olds cant do that its just not possible . Plus you have to qualify for the Boston M

i feel like america is falling apart , all this shooting/bombing is getting rediculous #prayforboston

Obama refuses to answer if Boston Marathon bombing was terrorism or done by a terrorist #tcot #tlot #tgdn

Boston Marathon Explosions Remind Us of the Brokenness of Our World and Our Hope for the Futur #pastor #church

We are shocked and saddened to hear of the attacks that took place at the Boston Marathon today . Our thoughts go

Guy who just won $ 500 in Deal or No Deal at the Cavs game is donating it all to the Boston victims . That guy deserves

praise God for letting my dear friend Summer leave the race in safety just before the bombing . #prayforBoston

The bomb killed his girlfriend 3 #prayforboston :-LRB- This deserve an endless #Retweet 3

feel bad for the guy that won the boston marathon . No one is ever going to remember his victory #soonethtoo

r u in boston during marathon ? would u appear with al jazeera english for a phone interview ? email me at noon.sali

Todays tragedy in Boston is cowardly , deplorable and unbelievably scary . Prayers to the victims and praise tothe courage of 1st responders .

Thinking about the tragedy in Boston makes me squeeze jace a little bit harder tonight . Life is so precious .

Our hearts are with everyone in #Boston . Stay strong , Boston . You 're wicked awesome . - The Garde

Thoughts Prayers from WISE Marketing goes out to all those involved in the Boston Marathon bombings this morning .

i did n't know you was from boston . ahhhh , a fellow masshole .

Baseball and the unfortunate events in Boston are forcing me to watch the WNBA draff .

Each of these pics having to do with the Boston explosion has 295739 different stories for the same 2 pics

Pray For Boston ! Its some cruel people in this world

My heart goes out to everyone affected in Boston today.Instead of playing the blame gamewe all need to pull together ! #prayforboston

From Destiny last month , to Jesse and Gage yesterday , and then the incident in Boston today , my prayers go out to al

Terrible to hear about what happened in boston today I 'm British and its so sad to hear about what 's happend over there . #prayforboston

I hope all my friends in Boston are safe . The attacks at the marathon and JFK Library are a true tragedy and unacceptable !!!

Good night , God Bless Boston .

It 's never too late to help . If you 're in Boston or if you 're not here are some things you can do to help out .

Are there SERIOUSLY jokes about the Boston incident already ? What the fuck dude

We have now confirmed 74 injured in the Boston marathon blasts -LRB- plus 2 dead -RRB- . Mass Gen , which has 29 , seeing all from bruises to amputations

Even though I 'm nowhere near Boston and do n't personally know anyone who is there , I still feel alone and scared .

Me wan na run a marathon tomorrow for Boston . .

So thankful to have just heard back from the cousins in Boston that everyone is ok ! 3 #prayersforboston

A tragedy happened in Boston , Massachusetts . Horrendous . #prayforboston

before everyone assumes the boston attack was performed by muslim extremists , check the facts , very little is known at this point

bomb explosion at the end o the Boston marathon .

The final mile of the Boston Marathon was dedicated to Newtown victims .

2 dead , more than 100 injured after explosions at Boston marathon | Globalnews.ca

No Aust victims reported in Boston : DFAT : No Australians have been reported as victims of bom

I 'm going sleep now . Goodnight everyone.I 'm still praying for those in Boston and all over the world .

Please keep those affected by the bombing in Boston in your heart and your prayers . 3-Avila

Log in to facebook to find kids making fun of the boston explosion . Why are people so evil man ?

people using this boston tragedy as a plea for RTs please get the fuck out of here

Just so you know , what happened in Boston happens everyday in Palestine .

reporting officials found what they believe are five additional , undetonated explosive devices in Boston area . h

Sick to my stomache after seeing what happened today at the Boston Marathon . Is it really so hard to co-exist in peace ? #prayforboston

A Valley runner at the Boston Marathon . He crossed the finish line just minutes before the explosions . Thank

NH runner leaves an hour before blasts : Teresa Robinson left before the blasts . #boston

Thoughts go out to everyone in/near Boston . Take care guys .

Sorry , I know I 'm retweeting all this Pray for Boston stuff on your TL . But heeeeey .

Ca n't stop crying pix from Boston ppl w/skin hanging down and bare bone , where two legs below the knee

RIP to everyone who died in boston #prayforboston

This Boston bombing so important to y' all huh ? What about innocent people that lose their lives to bombs in Africa

RIP to the innocent people who died during the bombing at the Boston marathons . #prayforboston

People who are making jokes about the explosions at the Boston Marathon you 're disgusting and I promise you no one thinks

The world we live in today Smh , people of my boston are n my prayers tonight . Patriots day was ruined and justice will prevail #prayforboston

Photo : lbardugo : erinbowman : cjredwine : For Boston . Beantown , my prayers are with you . We love you , Boston .

Prayers go out to all the innocent people that were at the Boston Marathon !

two bombs went off at the end of the Boston Marathon , turn on CNN , they 'll be talking about it all night

BE THE GOOD . Love and prayers to the people of Boston . All of us really . 3

im not going i was stuck in boston during that whole thing im not goin back in

I understand being worried about the bomb in Boston , but soldiers lose their lives everyday from bombs . They deserv

um i live right next to Boston . so go away little kid .

WHATS UP WORLD ?? DESPITE THE TRAGEDY IN BOSTON MASS. . WE ARE STILL ONE NATION UNDER GOD . #POSITIVITY

people putting a race religion to the attack ob Boston I question people way of thinking most of the time

Local runners witness Boston Marathon bombings via

The real lessons to be learned from the bombing in Boston .

#prayforboston Deepest condolences to the Boston Marathon Tragedy . Everyone , stay strong .

I love you Justin , when I was watching the Boston thing on the news I almost cried !! I love you Justin ! 33 alwaysforever 3

Third bomb at a library ? Now Boston ?

My thoughts and prayers to Boston : via

Boston and NY have the best first responders on the planet ! Salute !

How said it HOPE BOSTON DO N'T THINK ALL THAT SIMPATHY GONE HELP THEM WIN DA PLAYOFFS . . WE HAD SANDY WE GONE WASH 'em UP

Thanks to my legendary cousin for this one : Cheers Bee ! Police are concerned the Boston bombing may have been race related.-Matt

Prayers going out for the people in Boston and their families . A friend of mine was actually in the marathon . Thank God he 's ok !!!

you know what happened in Boston ? yeah that does n't happen everyday .

Those poor people in boston :--LRB- my thoughts and prayers are with them

Boston got bombed , what 's Obama gon na do about it this time ? Go on another 2 week golfing trip ? Lol

Awesome Sara , couragous gal you are ! Praying for you all in Boston ! :-RRB- best , E

Ca n't believe the fucking idiot who planted bombs at the Boston marathon #PrayersForBoston

the fact that a 8 year old boy was killed from the explosions in boston makes me want to find the person punch them in the face many times

-LSB- cnn-top -RSB- Opinion : In face of terror , keep calm : David Rothkopf says in our reaction to the Boston bombings , i

The 2013 Aries ingress that sets the tone for the astrological new year , has the highly volatile explosive Mars-0-Uranus rising at Boston .

Coach and i were talking about the Boston Tragedy . Horrible , just horrible . #prayforboston

Bombs In Boston - What Matters via

A sibling , parent , friend lost to another terrible tragedy . I pray for Boston and for this world , that we can put an end to this violence .

Amazed at courage of #Boston First Responders race volunteers running into the fray to help while threat of more explosions not eliminated

Justin tweeted about #Boston and people have the decency to ask for a follow on his tweet . How disrespectful .

Love all my family out in boston #BeSafe #Prayers

Folks it is #FALSE false false that a #Saudi man was suspected found or arrested in connection w / bombing at #BostonMarathon #prayforboston

One of the lone blessings of Boston is there were a lot of emergency personnel stationed at the finish line who immediately responded .

Waking up to see that a marathon in Boston was bombed . Wtf is wrong with the world

YO I DONT EVEN BELIEVE THE BOSTON SHIT WAS A REAL TRAGIC WE DNT KNO WHAT THE GOVERNMENT OUT THERE DOING !

The scene in Boston is a sad one . So senseless . My thoughts are w/the participants in the marathon , their families , & am

#DMCRSS Opinion : In face of terror , keep calm : David Rothkopf says in our reaction to the Boston bombing #NEWS

Pray for all filipinos in the middle of explosions in Boston

All my prayers with the Boston victims killed/injured his families :-LRB- terrible . #prayforboston #BostonMarathon #nototerrosism

Our prayers go out to all the innocent people injured at the Boston Marathon .

Just now getting caught up on the Boston Marathon news . Words are failing me at this point . Just . WHY ????

You should re-evaluate your life if you 're making fun of the Boston Marathon bombing .

People hear the words ` bombs ' and ` terrorists ' and straight away blame muslims ! Ignorant bastards ! #PrayForBoston

Deep condolences for the victim of the Boston and Iraq bombing today !

Boston Marathon : 66 confirmed safe Nova Scotians , share info if you see someone not on the list --

Offering our deepest condolences to all those affected by the horrific tragedy in Boston . Our hearts weep with

wow this is why the world we live in is so fucked up ... My Blessings go to everyone who was involve in the marathon #prayforboston

Great coverage of Boston Marathon bombing by Show 'em how it 's done , Chris .

Keep praying for boston , and rn , who 's want #BieberPict ? RT !

Boston you are LOVED by all of America . Dont forget that !

Do n't tell a 8 year old kid Kofi Kingston is really from Boston You 'll break their heart

News has just come through of the events in Boston . I hope that everyone in your family and your friends are ok . Best wishes .

Every time I 'm running and I wan na stop I gon na think about all the runners in Boston who would have loved to not stop running

i do n't get how someone can go somewhere and put a bomb where you want its not normal #prayforboston

Wht hppen wif boston ? I read many tweets about #prayforboston but i dont know anything

retweet the any evidence of the Boston marathon bombing . #BostonMarathon #prayforboston #boston

Our thoughts are with those in Boston who suffered from today 's explosions . Hopefully , we 'll have some answers and can start healing . -- I.

Long day at Station 7 , but thankful to be alive and healthy . My thoughts are with Boston .

#prayforboston Boston has support from Beliebers

So horriable Boston had kill and injured of 8 year old child at least two people . #PrayForBoston .

To those affected by the tragedy in Boston , our thoughts are with you #BostonMarathon

GREAT JOB on finishing in 3 hours and 8 minutes ! At the Boston Marathon !

Pray for Boston #sosad I honestly do n't know how to comprehend how you can live with yourself after killing others . .

To those who think Boston ca n't be domestic terrorism , please talk to someone from OKC . 18 years ago , 168 lost at an American 's hands .

STOP BRINGING POLITICS INTO THE BOSTON TRAGEDY

It must be the anger towards the Boston Marathon Bomber -LRB- s -RRB- . Not knowing who it is , needing someone to blame .

Sending prayers to everyone in Boston . God Bless them all .

Boston bombing was not a tragedy . It was an atrocity . Tragedies are unavoidable . This was murder , not tragedy

My prayers go out to everyone affected by the bombing in Boston today . #PrayForBoston

Hospital official : Ages of those being treated following Boston bom blasts from 3 to 62 years old. : RT

Ngl when I first saw people tweeting pray for Boston I thought it was something to do with the North Koreans

Officials found what they believe are 5 additional , un detonated explosive devices in Boston area .

I hope the guy that bombed Boston gets burned at the stake . What a sick man .

They just gave Kofi Kingston the U.S title because he 's from Boston

sad day for the world , sad day for boston . i 'll never understand why things like this happen

shit they already blaming muslims for the boston crap . than this man got ta say lets kill all muslims ? lyk TF i do to u ?

Such a cold ass world and its only gettin colder #Blessings to all victims families in Boston . .

Boston Marathon Blasts : Local Runners Escape Injury

It 's sad to see people hurting in the crowds that watching the marathon in Boston . Let 's all pray for them #prayforboston #faith

Should Boston , Mass. cities follow #edreform lead of DC , Chicago and NYC ? Data says no . #mapoli

Auckland runners , a B-shaped loop starting and finishing on Boston Road , near Grafton . Join me at 6:30 ? #RunforBoston

:-LRB- Joe Casella , 8 years old , murdered in Boston . I know you 're an angel now , like always you are . RIP . htt

If there is one not-absolutely-terrible thing to come out of today -LRB- and not sure there is -RRB- , we get to hear some fantastic Boston accents .

Boston Bomb Blasts Police media conf . . live from Boston now on #abcnews24

My thoughts and prayers are with the runners , families , friends and relatives who were affected by the boston marathon . #prayforboston

Over 100 confirmed as injured in Boston Marathon bombing

L.A. Witness In Boston : ` We Were Caught Between 2 Explosions '

Wow this boston bombing is soo sad

LIVE NOW : Boston authorities brief on deadly bombing attacks at Boston Marathon WATCH :

My prayers go out to Boston and any one else affected by this tragedy .

Atlanta running company plans event to show solidarity with Boston Marathon bombing victims #fox

My prayers go out to all the people affected by the Boston Marathon today

what happened to boston ? i do n't really watch news #PrayForBoston

Shocker from Boston : Bombing , by Alfons Juck , note by Larry Eder : It was about 2:50 PM today , give or take a m

Why are the Boston explosions being turned into a FOREIGN act of terrorism by the media ?! For all we know it coulda been

Never got into Boston past their awesome first album . Never got into Foreigner full stop .

#FALSEFLAG | Establishment Media Exploits Boston Marathon Terror to Demonize Alex Jones -

Looks like after almost 200,000 years on earth , we should be past this shit . #Boston

Live Update happening now on concerning the horrific bombing in Boston

Our hearts go out to those in Boston . We are thinking of you all .

Verizon , Sprint , ATT Report Heavy Cellular Traffic in Boston , No Shutdowns - Apr 15 PM ET

Pray for Boston that made me sick

Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone affected by the tragic events in Boston today .

I 'm fed up with these senseless actions . Thoughts and prayers to everyone in Boston . #prayforBoston

The Boston Athletic Association extends its deepest sympathies to all those who were affected in any way by

Deval Patrick , MASS Gov , says FBI has taken over investigation of Boston Marathon explosions .

JUST IN : The FBI has now taken over the Boston Marathon bombing investigation . LIVE :

Jonathan Papelbon stunned at news of explosions in Boston . He lived above where one of the bombs exploded .

News conference : National Guard has secured crime scene . Tomorrow will not be biz as usual -- heightened police presence in Boston

People dead , maimed after bomb blast in Boston . Had to pass through downtown to get home . Distrustful looks . Let 's pray for victims

That bombing really shows how unexpected life could be #prayforboston

Bountiful prayers go out to Boston

You go to watch a movie You get shotYou go to schoolYou get shotYou run a marathon You get bombedPeople these days #PrayForBoston

Praying for those in Boston today . . Extremely devastating !

My thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the Boston tradegy #PrayForBoston

Prayers for everyone in Boston once again a senseless tragedy that claims precious lives

Sad on the sick act of cowardliness of hurting innocent people of Boston ! May God protect us all from all sort of evil .

Why people keep talking bout Boston it 's too early for jokes .

Guys the media is n't telling us everything they found about 30 bombs and dismantled them all around Boston . I have a rea

Does anyone know where #BillAyres was today ? Boston ?

Big time prayers to Nicole Gross who was hurt in today 's tragedy in Boston . Michael , her husband , was a Volunteer and was coached by my dad .

RT My prayers go out to Boston .

And here come the sympathetic Instagram pics for Boston

Who said a little exercise never killed anyone ? #boston

Please join us in praying for all those injured in the explosions at the Boston Marathon .

Hope they catch and hang the scum that made those bombs in Boston

Tragic event + Boston Marathon . Cowards ! most paid .

so beyond devastated for the runners and families in boston right now

Boston Marathon : 66 confirmed safe Nova Scotians , read link and share info if you see someone not on the list -- http

Just saw a video of a child being wheeled away from the Boston explosion . Just the though that someone is cruel enough to do that .

Ughhh . I hateeee that cunt ! She really should be thrown into the pit of hell . Instead of boston buring , she should be !

Islanders share experiences from Boston Marathon explosions - Local - The Journal Pioneer

Prayers for all in the tragedy during #TheBostonMarathon today . Prayers to you #Boston

Ca n't be doing with some of the pictures coming out of boston there 's just some that do n't need to be taken #CrossingTheLine

do n't listen to anyone ! Saying that you did that to Boston cause I know you did n't !! Love you zayn !!! :-RRB-

Jesus what are we coming to . Bombing on the finish line of the Boston marathon !

Too much craziness going on , baby cousin lost his mother this shit in boston , my prayers go out to all

Praying re the tragic attacks today - and on Patriot 's Day . LOVE this city - like 1776 - injustice will end badly for those attacking Boston !

Boston Bruins the best . Greetings from Greece .

Now have time to collect my thoughts and exhale like everyone one Boston is on mind and in my heart as is our strong nation

Everybody wear blue tomorrow for the Boston people

The OB/GYN I shadow was running the marathon in Boston ! Thank The Lord he is ok ! #praying #Godisgood

FBI has taken over the Boston Marathon explosions investigation

Twitter and the Boston Marathon Explosions via

Had a great time at the annual coffee show in Boston . Unfortunately , we had to return sooner than expected due to

Muslims is a religion ! You should say asian , if you believe that they boomed boston

2 killed in the Boston bombing . 30 killed in an Afghan wedding by the US army . Proper news coverage , anyone ?

Instead of praying for Boston maybe donate blood or anything else that actually does something

pray for boston its sad how people ca n't even run a marathon in peace SMH

RT for the people in Boston , our prayers go to those affected families

I think I 'm going to NY and Boston

Bombs kill 2 people , wound dozens at Boston Marathon -

Fans , players react to news of Boston explosionsSent with At Bat -- !!

#prayforboston wake up to a shocking news ! Be strong Boston ! God bless .

Our prays and thoughts go to the people that were hurt in Boston . Just so they find the persons involved . Hate so sad .

Boston is open , but will not be business as usual . Heightened law enforcement . Random check along #MBTA a

Here 's one of the more surreal Boston photos . Police stopping runners a half-mile from the finish . They had no clue .

Slapping anyone on my list that on that pray for boston bs #prayforlife

how about rip and stay strong to those killed and injured in boston today

Please keep all of those in and around the events of today in Boston in your prayers . We will here at Stone Parts .

Did they ever say it was a terrorist act ? I saw where they had a suspect and were watching a guy at the Boston hospital .

# 5WordsiHateToHear boston has been bombed today

Do n't pray for Boston , do something practical ! Or , at the VERY least , do both #bostonmarathon

Counterterrorism officials found what they believe to be five additional , undetonated explosive devices around the Boston area .

Pray for the victims of deadly terror attack at Boston marathon . #prayforboston

How much I love Boston :

Dont pray for boston , dont pray for monclova , pray for the World !

It is terribly sad : -LRB- All my strength to those affected in Boston .

Just saw the Boston explosion footage now #disturbing

10th-place male in Boston today is a kid I used to play with in the backyard when he visited his grandparents , who are from Marseilles .

terrible news in Boston . Hurts my hurt

False Flag Boston Bombings ! Silver Gold Stocks Crashing !

I do n't understand why people keep posting pictures of the Boston victims crying over their injured/dead loved ones .

Our love and prayers go out to all effected by the Boston tragedy . May we come together in love and heal each other .

My hearts and prayers go out to #Boston .

FBI says taking lead in investigation into Boston Marathon explosions #breaking

praying for everybody back home in Boston , my friends and fam are safe , thanks to those who reached out #StayStrong

South Korean media full of Boston bombing stories , press here in Tokyo a mix of local news , North Korean crisis and boston

my cousins live in Boston . pray with me for them ? #PRAY4BOSTON

Everyone in boston are in my prayers tonight

Go give yall If you 're in Boston and can donate blood , here are the locations :

Sad to hear about the events in Boston today . Thoughts and prayers for the victims and those affected

Our hearts prayers go out to our customers and people of Boston on this very sad day .

Praying for Boston . Keep your loved ones close , tonight .

#PRAYFORBOSTON stay strong , God bless Boston . . God bless stay strong . .

I guess it was asshole day world wide . 31 dead in Iraq from 18 bombs and 2 dead in Boston from 2 bombs . WTF WORLD ?!

The Boston bombing is just 4 days shy of the OKC bombing anniversary . Not much has changed in 18 yrs .

Cool story amidst Boston 's tragedy

Tough to talk about anything 2day w / the worry of my friends and fam in Boston , but needed to thank everyone for interacting via social

Prayers for the runners , volunteers , spectators , and all others affected by the bombing at the Boston Marathon

It really fuckin sucks on what happen at Boston . Fuck people .

They said a black guy planted that bomb in Boston ?? Ship my pants , your kidding

Senseless and Horrific ! Deadly bombs rock Boston marathon via

Seriously who bombs Boston ? Of all places #toosoon

Today is seriously crazy . First a well-know cop dies here , find out a couple we knew from church got arrested for child porn , then Boston .

My grandma says whoevers responsible for the bombing in Boston should be hung from their balls . You go grandma .

it 's not the same without Lisa Gleb , but also BOSTON so very sad . :'-LRB-

US Attorney Carmen Ortiz is speaking now . WATCH IT LIVE : #Boston #BostonMar

Prayers and good vibes to everyone who was affected by the Boston marathon bombing .

#BREAKING : Explosions rock Boston Marathon , resulting in multiple injuries

saddened by Boston news , justin can u cheer me up

TASK FORCE ACME ALERT ! We 'll have to find out who bombed Boston !

I saw a man with his legs blown off . . I feel like I wan na cry right now . This is a tragedy in Boston #prayforboston

I already did number of times . Thinking of boston all day . I have friends who were at the race . They are shaken , but ok .

My prayers go out for Boston and it 's victims . 3

Gartner blog : When Automated Marketing Needs a Shutdown Key - We were all horrified by the events in Boston today . ht

Dress up tomorrow for the people in Boston #prayforboston

My prayers go out to the victims of the Boston Marathon bombings . :-LRB-

All stations doing normal programming unless u r in Boston DMA .

Thoughts and prayers of the Threshers family go out to the people of Boston and the visitors to the city on this day . #pr

My thoughts and prayers goes out to all the people 's family 's and the runners in Boston ! #prayingforBoston

since we r discussing immigration gun control - Boston proves whatever you do wo n't keep us safe

Boston police now say at least 3 people have died .

Boston PD says three people have died .

Bitches complaining on my TL , while these poor people in Boston are going through so much and just lost Fam/friends .

Please send all your love and prayers to the people affected by the explosions at the Boston Marathon.You are in our thoughts #prayforboston

All Ohio Valley runners in Boston are safe and sound . Continue to #prayforBoston

-LRB- 1 of 3 -RRB- Presently , service to/from Boston remains unaffected . Should you not be able to travel to/f

This whole Boston situation is so sad , heart breaking It makes me scared to live in America .

LIVE NOW : Authorities update investigation into explosions at Boston Marathon

Boston Marathon Update : Injured toll climbs to 134 people in marathon blasts . #Marathonexplosion

Flipped on HLN for an update on Boston bombing . I soon had a choiceChange the channel or put my foot thru the TV #

Send up a prayer for everyone involved in the Boston Marathon . Those people will never be able to forget what happened today .

Saddened by the Boston bombing incident . Our hearts go out to the victims and their families .

I loved Boston and hope to return someday . #prayforBoston

I hope whoever did that shit in Boston die tonight

Prayers to the city of Boston and the victims of the bombs . #prayforboston

Tea tags of encouragement and in the spirit of those lost and hurt in Boston . #PrayforBoston #spreadlove

My Prayers go out to the people in Boston tho ! The world is getting scarier crazier every day !

Just in : CBS News reporting three dead following explosion at Boston Marathon finish line .

Hearts go out to all the famlies in Boston . Such tragedy . Whata world we live in rite . Its truley sickening . . #prayforboston

Still praying for Boston . Rip to the ones who passed , and get well to the ones who got injured

Our hearts go out to Boston and all of those that have been affected by this tragedy .

Boston Police commissioner Ed Davis says three people have died after explosions at #BostonMarathon

BREAKING -- Death toll from Boston bombings rises to 3

Sad to hear about that Boston ishcrazy thing is race will determine if its terrorism or not

Prayers being said for all those involved in the Boston bombings

Boston authorities now confirm three dead from blasts .

Boston America , HE will calm the storm !! Matt 8:23 - Then he rose and rebuked the winds and the sea , and there was a great calm .

BREAKING : #Boston Police Comm confirms there is NO SUSPECT at a hospital . They are talking to people but NO SUSPECT .

Sad , sad news . My thoughts and prayers go out to Boston

to play the main caracter in Team America 2 : Kill All The Muslims . What a shame of a person you are . #boston

Praying for the people in Boston today and those affected by the tragic event .

WATCH LIVE : Authorities give update on Boston explosions : #WhatsUp

In the face of this heinous act united we stand with our fellow Bostonians . Our thoughts prayers are with you all #BostonMarathon #Boston

My thoughts and prayers goes out to the great people of #Boston . Please keep them in your prayers !

Why does everyone care about a couple ppl dying in boston when thousands of children die daily abroad . Fuck all of u useless twits !

Scary day to be a runner , shocked by the events in Boston . Prayers go out to the victims .

This ! Two explosions near Boston Marthon finish line . Damn .

Boston , a good friend facing dismal days ahead tax day . I 'm not usually negative , but today can go F itself !!!!

All we can do is pray for Boston

Thoughts and prayers out to everyone affected by the Boston Marathon tragedy #PrayForBoston

Boston police now reporting three have died in #bostonmarathon bombings . #Newsline9

I 'm repulsed by the evils of this world . Gaza . Syria . Pakistan . Somalia . Iraq . Boston . Praying for this whole world #sad

Boston Marathon explosions : 2 dead , dozens hurt - Chicago Tribune

Our thoughts and prayers are with all affected by the events in Boston today !

Just hearing about the Boston Marathon Sounds pretty bad . . #prayforboston

Marathon runner tells of events that kept her , family out of harm 's way during explosions

R Counterterrorism officials found what they believe to be five additional , undetonated explosive devices around the Boston area

whoa i hope everybody in boston is okay . . beside the celtics #trollface

NBA cancels tomorrow 's celtics game in Boston

Third death from Boston Marathon bombing . City is definitely shaken by this horrible action . FBI has taken over investigation .

So sorry to hear about the bombing today in Boston . Thoughts prayers to all in Mass. . all runners ! #GodBless

Police say three dead in Boston

Praying for those in Boston . Hearts go out to the surviors .

I know y' all are worried and praying for Boston , but do n't forget about those 55 people who died in Iraq today . #prayforiraqandboston

DTTO News Daily Report : Terrorist Bombing Strikes the Boston Marathon on Patriots Day

Davis : We will not have hard figures on number of injured until tomorrow morning #boston

Thoughts and prayers go out to those injured and killed in the Boston marathon today . #Bostonmarathon #staystrong #lotsoflove

The police commissioner of Boston is a beast of a man . Just the person you 'd want handing out large doses of justice . #Merica

FBI wo n't confirm number of explosives found in Boston .

BREAKING UPDATE : Death toll in Boston explosions now 3 , according to authorities .

THREE people now confirmed dead in Boston Marathon bombings with more than 130 injured . #newsroom

realadamdeacon : thoughts go out to the people of boston right now #MadWorld #GnG

my prayers are for Boston right now #prayforboston

It 's fucking stupid how people are using this incident in Boston to get retweets and followers . Thirsty idiots .

Senate Informed of Boston Explosions : Pennsylvania Senator Pat Toomey informed the Senate floor of the explosi

bombing in Boston . . . first thing i did was turn the tv off . my mind is not about to be brainwashed and frightened by fake terrorism .

lol NO . what are u talking about , I was saying about Boston . Omg and how ppl are saying that Zayn did it , not u lol

Marathon runners carry on running to hospital to give blood #trueheros #prayforboston #justice

The strength and love we have for Boston and these people makes me so proud to be from New England . #prayforboston

tweeted his prayers for boston , and I know this is irelevant but I am . Finally online . When . He . Is .

Praying for those in Boston . My heart is broken . #prayingforBoston

I have such bad chills on the tredmill right now watching this footage from the Boston Marathon . What a disgusting tragedy

confirm 3 people have now been killed in the #BostonMarathon explosions #Boston #today9

Thoughts prayers to the victims of #BostonMarathon bombing and the people of Boston . May the Force be with you

Saddened about Boston . One of my favorite places . Unfortunately , we life under the illusion of safety . #dontstoprunning

What a wonderful day something really bad and sad happened in boston i give you my prayers

I was recently in Boston and could sense a city pride from its residents . I get that . 3 to Boston .

This Boston bombing is another example of how messed up people are , and how much hatred we still have in the world . Prayers to all involved

Sorry about all the retweets about Boston . Just makes me so sad and disgusted

Eeesh , squirrel love and prayers go out to Boston .

Just heard about what happened at the Boston marathon today . Our prayers are with all of the victims , their families an

Out of respect for the today 's tragedy in Boston , I am rescheduling tonight 's Ustream . #PrayForBoston

The boston bombing want even that bad ppl needa stop being so emotional

Thoughts and prayers to everyone in Boston right now , could n't believe what I was reading

DID SOME ASSHOLE REPORTER JUST ASK IF #BOSTON EXPLOSIONS ARE A #FALSEFLAG ATTACK TO COMPROMISE OUR CIVIL LIBERTIES ?!??

Red Cross Issues Statement on Boston Marathon Explosions #nonprofit

Innocent people were injured/killed for supporting the Boston Marathon we were complaining about it being Mond

Praying for the people that were in the Boston marathon and that got injured by the bomb !

If you need support following events in Boston is there to support you : 1-800-985-5990 or 1-800-846-8517 -LRB- TTY -RRB-

Take no moment for granted . Prayers and love to Boston , the victims , their loved ones , and the heroes who are still w

Prayers go out to the families of the two ppl killed in the Boston Marathon today #prayforboston

Tonight , sending some Reiki TLC to both Boston and Venezuela .

why did just turn down a major one way in boston lmfaaao . shes lost her god damn mind

Barack Obama Speech on Boston Marathon Explosions Attack -LRB- Video -RRB-

Boston PD do not have a suspect in custody #bostonmarathon

What a terrible tragedy in Boston , may those killed rest in some sort of peace , and their loved ones able to cope with their loss .

If you are demeaning the situation Boston is in right now , shame on you . This is our issue too . #PrayForBoston

Dey tryn say a black dude bombed Boston . . Hell nahhh

I wish I never would 've seen the Boston news , hurts my heart too much

Boston PD says at least 3 people have died from Boston Marathon explosions

Very fortunate that all of my friends in Boston are safe .

Lots of hockey players on Twitter who would love to suck bomb this bomber right now . Hockey seems irrelevant . #stays

Thanks so much . Have lived in Boston for 27 years . Family and friends are fine , but stunned .

What happened in Boston happens everyday in Iraq , Afghanistan and other war zones . So forgive if I ca n't be bothered

#prayforboston Let 's pray for Boston , for innocent people who were hit . Let 's pray that no attack from happening anywhere in the world T _ T

At least three people have died in Boston explosions

Watching this Boston footage from earlier is crazy

UPDATE : Police say at least 3 people were killed in the Boston Marathon bombing -LRB- via

Pray for the families involved in the Boston explosions tragedy and weep with those who weep -LRB- Romans 12:15 b -RRB- . Dear

Obama : Anyone Responsible for Boston Bombs Will Feel ` Full Weight of Justice ' - PBS

Navy bomb unit sent to Boston - WASHINGTON -LRB- AP -RRB- The Navy has sent one of its bomb-disposal units to Boston to ass

Death toll rises in #Boston marathon blasts . Latest on #CTVNews6 including witness accounts from BC residents

I have family that live in Boston , I 'm so glad they were n't anywhere near that marathon

Our thoughts are with those in Boston today and their families .

Boston police say death toll has reached 3 . Going live immediately after presser - we start with live in Bos

Authorities search for ` dark-skinned/black male ' as police guard another potential suspect in Boston hospital ~ ht

At least 3 people killed in marathon bombing .

on the corner of boylston and tremont streets . something is happening . possibly a fire ? #bostonexplosions #boston

What 's going down in boston ? Where is boston ?

he probably didnt know it happened yet . Also u can tweet other things than pray for Boston

the fact that Boston held that marathon for the Sandy Hook kids who were killed , someone had to set off a bomb ? #wtf #sicko #prayforboston

Our thoughts and prayers continue for friends in Boston . Special thanks to the heroes who help .

Boston is gunna take off on the knicks doe !!!!!! I hope :p

Local runners have finished marathon - The Gillette News Record

i 'm still in shock over what happened in boston .

Thoughts and Prayers go out to those affected by the bombing in Boston today .

dude really lost his girl in boston today smh sleep in peace #prayforboston

#PrayingForBoston May God Bless you all in Boston during this tragic eventPraying for the #Marathon participants all who attended .

At least two dead , more than 100 injured after bombs at Boston Marathon via Pray for the victims

The 8 year old girl killed in Boston was reportedly running in the marathon in honor of the Newtown victims ! Not fair ! #restinpeace

ICYMI : Tonight 's incredible performance of the national anthem following the tragedy in Boston --

I 'm just now founding out about the bombing in BostonI 'm so late !

I hate that my little sister knows about 9/11 , Sandy Hook , and now Boston . She 's to young to know how cruel people can be .

This Boston Marathon thing is just so crazy . Ca n't stop thinking about it . Makes me nervous for my sister to be up there next year .

The fact that people are thinking God that Justin Bieber and One Direction were n't in Boston disgusts me to a point that can not be expressed

looking at the photos from the boston bombing is very disturbing . why would someone do this to innocent people ? i ca n't understand .

Dang . I just heard some rough news other then what happened in boston Crazy . Bummer of a day for lot of people

my heart aches for Boston and for America . Appreciate your loved ones . It seems more and more these days we 're being

Boston marathoners trying to pick up their bags : the Castle does n't have them , contrary to BAA statement . Was referred to Stuart Berkeley

Please pray with us for those who died and were injured today in Boston .

To the cowards who blew up bombs in Boston

What happened in Boston today . . #prayersgoout to the victims and their families

Boston : Aerosmith , NKOTB , Matt Damon , Ben Affleck , Mark Wahlberg , MIT , Harvard , Good Will Hunting , The Departed , The Kennedys , Moby Dick .

why Boston ? what did Boston ever do to anyone ? #prayforboston #californialovesboston

Pacers vs Celtics game in Boston tomorrow has been canceled . And will not be rescheduled . #PrayforBoston

Boston is easily one of the best cities in the world . Best schools , Best Doctors and a Whole lot of Heart to go with it .

Deepest condolence for boston bomb victims

3 killed , dozens injured in blasts near Boston Marathon finish line | Metro News | WCVB Home

It 's not a good morning when the first thing you see on the net is news about bombs in Boston . Bet it 's the weapons lobby 's doing

So sad about the Boston tragedy . #prayforboston

Wear blue or yellow tomorrow in support of those affected by the Boston marathon bombing . #prayforboston

Our hearts go out to all those touched by the sad events in Boston .

Everyone in the surrounding area of Boston , please be careful and stay safe .

you know there was a booming at Boston ? Meaning a lot of kids and elderly and adults died/got insured badly

Pray for Boston . Haih main bom bom lak

Bombings during the Boston marathon Terrorist attack ? Wut u think ?

Injury count from #Boston #Marathon #Bombing has jumped to more than 140 wounded . 3 people have died . 8 year old boy is one of the dead .

Every tweet on my feed that does not deal with Boston seems so vain and meaningless . Death and tragedy put everything into perspective .

This Boston shit me tiene mal time to light up

There will be another law enforcement briefing at 9:30 AM tomorrow . #Boston police would not confirm age of the deceased .

My thoughts prayers go out to the people of #Boston today . Stay strong .

Doing so does n't change that my heart is breaking for Boston .

I do n't even know what to say about Boston . I hate that humanity continues to go nowhere but down .

Heart Breaking ! His girlfriend died during the bombings he was right there holding her kissing her #prayforboston

Praying for the victims of the tragedy today in Boston . #whereisthelove #prayforboston

Our thoughts go out to all this affected by the senseless bombings in Boston . #sadday .

I ca n't even believe anything I 'm reading on the Internet about Boston unless its a valid news source . That 's terrible .

My heart goes out to the Boston marathon runner and family members

#ScottBrosIndia what exactly are you helping with in India ? Also , have you heard of the bombing at the Boston marathon ?

sad sad sad sad sad #boston #iraq #gitmoHungerstrike #fragile

Someone tell me what happened to boston please . Im confused

#Boston in our hearts Leave Out All The Rest by Linkin Park on Pandora #pandora

Tonight I could n't help but hug my little one a little bit tighter . Praying for our country and for Boston . God Bless USA

Before saying anything about Jacoby making faces while Ally was talking about Boston he stopped as soon as he realized what was being said

at the Boston marathon as the runners were coming in , bombs starting blowing up at the finish line and down the street .

My Day at the Boston Marathon | Bleacher Report via

Our love goes out to all the families in Boston

My heart goes out to everyone in Boston . This is sick that someone would do that . #bostonmarathon #boston

So sorry about what happened in Boston :-LRB- to anyone who was affected stay strong #bostonmarathon

This Boston footage is scaring the actual shit out of me . #terrorists #prayforboston

Boston is such an amazing city , i 'm praying for all those people affected #PrayersforBoston

Praying for the people who were injured or killed in the explosions in Boston

Prayer goes out to the people affected in Boston

Praying for the families in Boston . I 'm in a daze and am so glad my family was n't at that part of the race . God is with you .

Praying for everyone in #Boston tonight . And thankful all my family members there are accounted for and safe . 3

Damn terrorist in boston smh -_- pisses me off

Who says Boston is n't friendly ? Outpouring of support for runners :

The pictures on CNN of the Boston bombing are just so saddening . . Jesus really is coming soon ; this is crazy . #prayforBoston

Yup I 'm still laughing at them people lol #boston

I hope those 2 guys who thought bombing Boston was an okay think to do , it 's not . There 's families out there crying because you killed them .

my prayers go to the families in Boston #PrayerForBoston I hope who ever is responsible burns in hell and the devil torment

Keep the people of Boston in your prayers

3 dead in Boston , one being a 8 year old . Sad .

Sending out prayers to Boston today .

We pray for the victims and families of the Boston Marathon bombings . #BostonAttacks #PrayForBoston

this is really terrible and horrible sad news about the bombing lets #prayforboston

Damn man heard bout that boston bombing . . wtf . . Shout out to those who lost someone though ! RIP

Korea was that you in Boston you should have :-RRB-

April 15 is a horrible day . Liverpool Boston are forever bonded by this date . I hate the people that make me hate t

Just watched the video of the explosion at Boston marathon . #prayforboston

Hearing about stuff life Boston makes me never want to trip about minor stuff , again because our lives could honestly end at any minute . : /

In light of the tragic events in Boston , #InternPro Chat will be dark this evening . #internpro

Again , relieved to report TV crews from CSP Mobile Productions and The Green Line Group are safe at Boston Marathon : ht

Boston University confirms a Boston University student was critically injured #wbz

fuck man that boston event put me in the shittiest mood , why do innocent people have to be punished #pray #boston

Sigh , soo sad what happened in Boston . . #TGFL .

Thoughts and prayers for everyone who has loved ones involved in the Boston marathon !!

Praying for the city of Boston , our country , and the individuals who caused this tragedy .

Much love to Boston . Keeping a little boy , his cat and a whirlpool pre-occupied .

My heart goes out to the people of #Boston affected by today 's horrible atack .

Explaining the tragedy in Boston to my kids was hard . They do n't believe people can be so cruel . Why mom , why they ask . #Pr

The tragedy in Boston is literally heart breaking . :-LRB-

Sad , sad , sad news Prayers for Boston .

Facebook page dedicated to Boston explosion victims . Created in March 22 . #bostonmarathon

Our hearts go out to all those affected by the recent tragedy in Boston . #PrayForBoston

Running is a sport that epitomizes freedom of mind , body soul . What a shame it would be if #Boston forever

my thoughts and prayers go out to all the families effected by the bombing in Boston #BostonMarathon

My heart goes out to the Boston Families that endured a great amount PAIN today ! -LRB- Ronnie P -RRB-

Geting goosebumps reading about the Boston bombing . Hope all my friends are doing well . Praise God .

Can George Bush go to Boston and make the statement that - He can hear the victims and soon the terrorists will hear US !

Gut wrenching to think of three families that should be enjoying the great city of Boston tonight , now have to make funeral arrangements .

Our hearts go out to those in Boston , attached is an outline about the impact of media coverage

Dont just pray 4 the people in Boston , pray for these KIDS getting shot up dying EVERYDAY of the hour ! Just pray 4 the

Three confirmed dead in Boston . Sending prayers from North Bay . All local runners are safe although shaken by the events .

cuz they use devices to set off the bombs like cell phones . . Hence why they shut off all cellular activity in Boston

Saddened to hear the news in Boston . A real tragedy . Thoughts go out to all those involved !

Westboro Baptist Church having Twitter-gasms over Boston Marathon explosions , plan to picket funerals via

I bet you guys wo n't even pray for Boston

Our deepest thoughts go out to everyone in Boston . #PrayForBoston

Our deepest sympathies go out everyone affected by the tragic events at the Boston Marathon today .

Honestly , I dnt see why y' all so shocked about wat happened in Boston.the wrath of God is upon the world ! Because they wo n't believe God !

Some people are taking things WAY to far with the Boston Marathon bombings . . Postings pic for likes and RT 's . . #STUPID

Carnage at a marathon . It 's true . Humans are the worst kind of beings . #Boston Marathon

My thoughts go out to all in Boston after this tragedy 3 dead 138 injured Numerous amputations due to ball

Dear Lord , please be with the victims of today 's tragedy the city of Boston and its people . Give them the comfort &

Ms Drama looks like somebody I follow but since y' all still mourning the Boston casualties , I wo n't expoundG ` night !

This Thursday 's Absolute Heat Show will be dedicated to the Boston victims families . #BostonMarathon tune in .

WSJ is reporting that Boston PD has recovered five additional unexploded devices :

God damn Koreans tryin to bomb Boston .

My mom said because of the Boston thing is the reason she does n't exercise and be healthy lol

VIDEO : Footage of the second blast that struck the Boston Marathon : - CC

Getting a random picture of a kid running from google images and putting pray for Boston is the thirst for retweets .

Thoughts and prayers go out to Boston and Iraq today . Hug your loved ones and be thankful for life

Tuesday 's #Boston #Celtics game against #Indiana canceled . -LRB- via

This Boston situation is really tragic . I feel really bad for the people that suffered in it . #sorry

I keep wondering like how did they get bombs under that part of the street . Its downtown Boston . Not like there 's not a lot of people around

5 additional undetonated bombs found . Bloody hell how many more ? #BostonMarathon #prayforboston

Jeez , Boston . Another sign of terrorism appeared out of nowhere into the middle of a marathon

Just turned on Japanese tv to see the news from Boston but as usual not a f *** ing thing about it on any of the channels

-LSB- CBSNewsOnline -RSB- First Boston marathon explosion caught on tape

Woke up to news about the Boston blasts . Seeing the pictures made me cry . Praying for boston .

Euphoria turned into absolute horror . Let 's pray for the victims of the Boston Marathon bombing Be Well Boston . ht

- ways to help with Boston . I 'm still waiting for the others to post more than ` thoughts and prayers ' #annoyed #bostonmarathon #signalboost

At least three killed , including 8-year-old boy , in explosions at Boston Marathon finish line v

Death toll rises to 3 in Boston attacks .

doin okhard to stop thinking about Boston : - /

I was in Boston for the day for work , but I just got back to BK and I 'm safe . Thanks for asking : : hugs :

I keep reading prayer after prayer about the bombings at the Boston marathon . Never thought I would #pray #prayer

Running community asking people to wear race shirt / or running shoes tomorrow to show some support for #Boston . I l

Just saw a video someone took on their phone that showed the bombs and my jaw dropped to the floor #PrayForBoston

The Boston Bombing is making me mad . Why ca n't we just have peace ? Fuck man .

My thoughts go out to all those affected by the boston bombs . #bostonmarathon

What the hell happend in boston ma ?

4/17 Bay of Pigs MT I 'm done with this week : 4/15 Boston ; 4/16 Virginia Tech ; 4/19 OK City ; 4/19 WACO ; 4/20 Columbine

What a day in the city of Boston . Wow

UPDATE : Boston police say 3 killed in bombing

Death toll in Boston Marathon attack rises to three == awful and 124 injured 15 still critical -

Bomb Sniffing Dogs Reportedly On Site Before Explosions At Boston Marathon via Corey Mann

To whoever planted those bombs in Boston , kiiling and injuring all of those innocent people you ca n't hide forever . Believe that .

Hearts out to Boston , people are fucked up #prayforboston

The fact that an 8 year old girl who was running for the victims of Sandy Hook was killed today in the Boston Marathon is h

Palin : Prayers are with everyone in Boston today. : Sarah Palin offered the following message via her Facebook

i 'm not sure how accurate my tweet about the Boston Marathon is . . from the 1 video I saw , it seems spectators were injured . still tragic :-LRB-

Our HEARTS PRAYERS go out to the Families and Victims of today 's Tragedy in Boston !

Life is short . You never know what will happen each day . Got to have fun while we can . Prayers to people in Boston .

Prayers for Boston . I know I hate that place but what happened today was senseless .

Who did the attack in Boston deserves the death penalty and all man ! This do n't sit well with me when it comes down to kids !

#boston terror #Barack is the Neville Chamberlain of our time.There 's a war under the surface ! We must learn from history :--LRB-

Damn did y' all hear about them bombs that went off in Boston ? Smh that 's sad man

I cant believe some people are joking about what happened in Boston . Ppls family members and loved ones are dead/missing you 're laughing . .

Very Sad to hear of #Boston blasts . Morning did not bring good news ! Some thing is wrong with mankind that makes it tragi

PRAYER FOR BOSTON.the Bombing must have been crazy !!! :-LRB-

Boston games postponed , cancelled after blasts : -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - The National Hockey League has postponed M #Hockey

BREAKING : ABC News says 3 dead from explosions at #Boston Marathon .

I just heard Boston got bombed : o time to see who will blame who first and do n't even have proof who did it yet but I hope they do find out

Prayer to everyone affected by the Boston bombing . :-LRB-

What a devastating daymy heart goes out to all those affected by the bombings earlier today in Boston ! #PrayForBoston

dats fucked up wat happen in #Boston

Okay wait . What happened in Boston ?

IM best source for latest on our Nantucket friends in Boston .

Police : Three dead after blasts at Boston race : Boston police say at least three people are dead as a result o

Airlines Wave Change/Cancelation Fees In Wake Of Boston Explosions :

BREAKING NEWS : 6 Winchester-Area Runners of Boston Marathon Are Accounted For and OK .

I still think if you could find whoever did this , a public hanging in Boston would fit suitably .

Among so many questions in life , one must always ask what possesses a person to wreak havoc and cause harm . Praying for Boston .

i ca n't stop fangirling over the live chat with our boys !! but we still need to pray all myprayers go to the people in boston #PrayforBoston

Sending love and light to all of Boston !

Praying for Boston . Truly a sad day .

Just remember . You are having a lot better day than people in Boston . Be thankful for what you have and the people you love .

Good to see the old dude who fell at the line in Boston during the blast , Bill Iffrig , on tv and feeling one . Wish everyone else was , too .

Only gon na say this once : do n't you dare politicize this Boston tragedy ! Just pray and help anyway you can .

BOSTON MARATHON EXPLOSIONS Left 2 Dead and Dozens Injured

What the Boston Marathon means to me , a longtime Bostonian

Our thoughts and prayers are going out to those in Boston of this terrible tragedy

Columbine happened on April 20th and the Oklahoma City bombing on April 19th , and now the Boston bombings today on April 15th . Why April ?

CKM family send love and pray to everyone lost or injured in the Boston terror attack today !

People really need to stop talking crap about Muslims being the reason for the bombing in Boston !!! #prayforBoston

To all the victims all families affected by today 's bombings in Boston , you are all in our thoughts and prayers .

it 's a sad today . Our prayers go out to everyone in boston .

NBA cancels Celtics game after Boston Marathon tragedy #nba #bostonceltics -LRB- via

Kenyan Jeptoo wins women 's marathon at Boston

my prayers go out to boston 3 my best friends brother was there 3 :-LRB- #BostonMarathon

We 're making a living summary of what 's happening in Boston * and * how to support/get support !

Gon na try and get my mind off what happened in boston by watching the walking dead and eating grapes and cheese #prayforboston

just so shocked , angry sad about the bombing at the #bostonmarathon . #prayforBoston

My prayers go out to the family 's of the victims In the Boston explosion . #BostonMararthon

My heart pours out to the ones affected most in boston

-LSB- Conservative Blogs -RSB- Report : Another Device Detonated in Controlled Explosion in Boston #tcot

Bill Iffrig running the Boston Marathon at 78 . Amazing !

People do n't know how to act . Let 's sprinkle some keef over the world and make everyone calm down . #Boston

Houstonians , you can search this entry list to see if someone you know ran in Boston today . Hope there 's good news : h

My timeline has been occupied by the news of Boston Marathon 's explosion .

BREAKING NEWS : The Wall Street Journal is reporting that five additional explosive devices have been found in Boston .

To Boston victims - I promise that ultimately the collective love of people will overcome the dark that lack of understanding has birthed .

The Celtics Pacers game canceled due to the Boston attack , it will not be rescheduled .

With all these bombings and tragedies , it really makes you realize that you should never take anything for granted . #PrayForBoston

My roommate does n't understand why people are posting about the Boston bombing . It 's unify our nation and help those in need #prayforboston

Whoever decided to bomb a race has no life . Some people are a waste of space . . #prayforboston

When Beyonce sad pray for Boston you know you got ta pray for Boston

That 's crazy bout that bomb at the Boston marathon

My heart goes out to everyone affected in Boston . So sad . I am so sorry for you . xoxo

#youtube Raw : 2nd Blast Hits Boston Marathon

I understand money . I 'm paying for both my sis and I for all four shows . I have VIP for Boston and buying VIP for NJ .

Not really a good thing to woke up with the bad news like what happened to Boston . #PrayForBoston

Watch our update on the situation in Boston after multiple explosions at the Boston Marathon finish line .

Honolulu Marathon officials await details of Boston bombings before deciding on changes to Hawaii race

The fact that the boston bombing could be fake .

I 'm just so speechless over what happened at the Boston Marathon . . How can someone do that #PrayforBoston

Poor Boston . :-LRB- im sorry for u boston people .

Finally got in contact with a few of the Boston people . Fortunately , they 're all safe .

I would love to be in Mr. Karlson or Mrs. Underwood 's 1st period tmrw only so I could hear their view on the Boston trag

My thoughts and prayers are with the people in Boston who were affected by the bomb explosions . #prayforboston

there was two bomb explosions during the boston marathon today

I 'm pretty sure people are taking this Boston thing a little to far .

Terror in Boston / / I think most of this is premature , but worried it might become prescient

My american friends , tell me that you were n't in Boston yesterday ! Please !

IRS Gives Boston-area Taxpayers Additional Time to File Returns

Sending thoughts and support for the families in Boston .

You go to a movieYou get shotYou go to schoolYou get shotYou run a marathonYou get bombed #prayforboston

Thoughts goes out to the people involved in the Boston incident !

My heart goes out to the families in Boston . And a fuck you goes to the idiots who did this

Way to go #FoxNews - jump to conclusions about the bombing at the Boston Marathon to fit your sick narrative . Sad , sad , sad .

To everyone speaking of the photo of the guy on a roof during the explosions in Boston . . Are people not allowed on their roofs to smoke ?

My thoughts and prayers go out to anyone who are affected by this senseless tragedy in Boston . Please be safe ! #PrayForBoston

May jesus heal bostonbless boston . Wish there 's no more victim in that accident . The world pray for boston .

Canadian road races say they will go ahead after Boston tragedy : Monday 's tragedy in Boston has lef

Triste demais ! R.I.P. to the 8 year-old girl who died in Boston 's explosions

I wish I was in Boston helping save lives #prayforboston

Wonder how the Celtics and Bruins will represent Boston after today

Very sad for Boston today . A great city in the state I am from and where my brother lives . Our hearts are with you Boston .

I really hate when people complain about stupid stuff , everyone take a look at what happened in Boston today then compl

Have the victims names even been released yet ? is saying two of the three that died were kids . #Boston

I 've been thinking about the bombing at the Boston Marathon ever since i heard about itpeople disgust me .

People of Boston , Live Forever.It defies belief . #BostonMarathon

People ask what I want to do when I 'm older and I say the CIA so I can help prevent events from happening like the one in Boston today #PFB

Deeply saddened by what happened to Boston . My heart goes out to all the loved ones of the victims . :-LRB- #prayforboston

Sad to here about the tragic events in Boston . #prayforboston

Thinking of you Boston , My heart goes out to all affected by this disgusting cowardly act . . Xx

Jordan extremist praises Boston bombing -LRB- Muslim on Muslim killings are far worse than anything US does -RRB- via

Bomb blast at Boston Marathon.Whoever has done it can never call himself a human !

Hearing about Boston makes me sick #prayersforboston

How To Use Facebook To Check On Boston Friends Without Taxing Phone Lines - TechCrunch : How To #uselessdrivel

AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka Statement on the Explosions in Boston

MSNBC : Markets will seek answers after Boston blasts

The charity funds from the Boston marathon were meant to be dedicated to families of the newton shooting Irony can be pretty fucked up

At least 2 dead , 141 hurt in Boston Marathon blasts

The Magic held a moment of silence for Boston before tonight 's game . #fox35

Condolences go out to Boston . People are losing their minds nowadays .

Spent time in Boston in high school - sad day !

Hard to believe just over two weeks ago I was right there in Boston . Sickening to see things like this happen in the world #PrayersForBoston

My thoughts and prayers all go out to the runners in Boston today

What news to wake me up . My thoughts for the dead and injured in Boston Marathon explosions . No Pinoy victims though .

Praying for Boston and all the people that were impacted .

Talking to my 12yo about critical thinking around social media after tragic events such as #Boston . Now they 're using it they need skills .

Boy , 8 , one of 3 killed in bombings at Boston Marathon . Too tragedy !

Boston Marathon terror bombing toll rises , 3 dead , more than 130 hurt

Tell your loved ones you love them , hold them a little tighter tonight . Keep everyone in Boston in your prayers .

Early Evidence Indicates Boston Bombing Was a False Flag : Brandon TurbevilleActivist PostOnly hours after

Boston Police now say three people have died in the #BostonMarathon explosions .

Boston Marathon bombing kills 2 , injures over 130 : BOSTON -LRB- AP -RRB- -- Two bombs exploded in the crowded street

Who would do something that cruel . #boston

Death toll rises to three in Boston explosions

Dont these people know the last people you want to piss off is the people of Boston ? Sad about todays events but even more pissed off

Worried the tragedy in Boston will have a negative impact in tonight 's finale of #DallasTNT , #season3 please

CNN reporting that the IRS is providing taxfiling and payment extension for Boston residents in wake of attack .

I look at an update from Boston they said an 8 year-old-boy was killed in the explosion ! Why cant people just be civil ?

Explosion at the Boston Marathon -LSB- r/worldnews -RSB- #reddit #flipboard

Sometimes people are just unimaginably sick . I ca n't believe what happened in Boston today .

could you tell me the date for Boston please ?

everyone be thankful for what they have today . were all so lucky but this world is so sick . pray for everyone involved in boston .

You 're the only person in Boston I know who has n't checked in on twitter/Facebook . Thinking of you hoping you yours are okay .

Wtf happened to Boston . Let me google this ish since my followers aint telling me

Boston is all I can think about right now . Sorry if tomorrow 's lessons are sub-par , kids . #shattered

My heart and prayers are with everyone in Boston today . Such senseless violence . #PrayForBoston

Photo : Unclaimed bags at finish line of Boston Marathon following explosion -LRB- Mary Pilon/NY Times -RRB- -

So sad what happened in Boston that stuff is crazy

LIVE : Boston Police , FBI Press Conference On The Marathon Explosions via

cuz a bomb just hit the boston marathon and people are hurt , dead or in need and thts # 1 priorty now

It 's so weird I was literally at the Boston marathon this morning , easily could have been me #thankful #prayforboston

#PrayForBoston #BostonMarathon I may be new at running but I 'm still a runner ! Thoughts and prayers to all of Boston !

Prayers to those in Boston . Sometimes things go unexplained , but we can still encourage each other . Fight feelings of hopelessness #Godbless

The Westboro Baptist Church plans to picket the funerals of the Boston victims . I just do n't understand how people can be so awful .

Whoever is responsible for this Boston attacks . I hope you all get the death penalty .

We are holding in prayer the community of Boston and all who are touched by the senseless violence of today . As

watching this boston footage makes me want to cry

Pray for our brothers and sisters in Boston #godbewiththem

Depressing Day for America Today . #Pray for Boston .

I have no words for what happened in Boston other than people are sick and to actually pray not just say so that there are

haha you do n't even know me , I have family in Boston , you do n't know a shit , fuck off .

Sorry I do n't pray . I 'm a realist . :| Good luck boston .

Soulja boy read my tweet about Boston . Omfg

This video seems particularly relevant today . Prayers for Boston , and for all of us .

Mann what in da hell was dat explosion in Boston today ??!! SMDH

Please keep all the victims of the Boston attack their families in your prayers . May God help them find peace &

So sad to hear about the Boston Marathon mess . Truly horrible . It surprises me that the IND game is cancelled not postponed though .

Can not express how happy I am did not go to the Boston Marathon that he had qualified for . #PrayForBoston #CantImagine

From a neutral standpoint . . that Boston shit was planned pretty well . Bin Laden got some soldiers man , niggas still sucking his dick

No , I do n't live in Boston . My sister does but she 's okay .

All of our charity Boston Marathon team are safe . Heard just now from the 15th one that he and his family have htt

Thoughts and prayers to everyone in Boston tonight ! Just awful ! #prayforboston

Is anyone really blaming the President for the actions of the Boston Bomber today ? I do n't see what most of you are apparently .

It was an 8 year old BOY that died today in the Boston explosion so i dont who child this is yall retweeting . Folks be making up anything .

Thoughts and prayers to everyone in Boston . A huge thank you to all the helpers for you will always outnumber

Heartfelt thoughts going out to Boston during this tragic time

Praying for Boston . Stay strong . You will have justice for those lost .

Praying for Boston , remembering there is more good in this world than bad and thinking of the families . #prayforboston

Prayers for Boston . This world gets a little scarier everyday .

Ask upon the Lord tonight to be with those who were injured , as well as the two that lost their lives today during the bombing in Boston

You have absolutely zero evidence that Boston bomber -LRB- s -RRB- is/are Muslim . What on earth is the matter with you ?

#TerrificTuesdayOur hearts and prayers go out to those affected by the Boston Marathon .

Did those damn muslumes bomb Boston ? #sillywhiteboy

Boston Globe 's John Tlumacki took the shot of marathon runner Bill Iffrig ; here 's the backstory and more from him http

Number of Hate Groups At All-Time High #Boston #p2

Overwhelming kindness follows Boston Marathon blast by #prayforboston

Things like what happened today in Boston show that you never knowbe grateful for every day because life is a gift

Facebook page created on SATURDAY for Boston victims ??? WTF

Our hearts go out to those affected from the bombing in Boston .

Had two family friends who were running in the marathon in Boston . Super Scary , but they were fine 3

#blasts in Boston Marathon - 3 killed - source sad :--LRB-

This Boston shit reminds me why I want to be Marine EOD . I 'd blow myself up so that innocent civilians can live . #prayforboston

Dont just pray for Boston There 's Africa , Israel , Palestine and so many lives taken in every country evry day

Sending prayers and thoughts to those impacted in Boston today . Our hearts are heavy . #prayforboston

Boy , 8 , one of 3 killed in bombings at Boston Marathon ; scores wounded

Hearing amazing stories of people helping each other in Boston today . Prouder than ever to be a New Englander tonight .

Boston Marathon Bombing : NBC Swaps ` Revolution ' for Brian Williams Special : After extended nightly news teleca

It was so sweet when Logan took the time to say how sad they were about Boston . . He 's just the sweetest thing . #prayforboston

I will keep my thoughts about Boston to my self because I do n't wan na offend anyone

From Hanson 's Twitter : Thoughts and prayers go out to the people in Boston right now . - Z #BostonMarathon

Boston Police Chief : There Is No Suspect At Brigham And Women 's HospitalWhere did he go then ?

Deadly blasts hit Boston Marathon

very weird reading through my twitterfeed which alternates between spartacus and boston

Just remembered I 'm heading to Boston tomorrow . Lovely

Is anyone really blaming the President for the actions of the Boston Bomber today ? I do n't see what most of you are appar

The people making jokes about the whole Boston bombing , you 're not funny nor cute . You should straight up be ashamed

I 'm so disappointed to see so many news outlets immediately assuming the Boston incident was caused by someone

Speaker Boehner Statement on Events in Boston : #PrayForBoston all Victims : #CCot #TeaParty #Tcot #LNYHBT

Thank god Jennifer was n't in Boston today . Even if she was n't hurt she does n't need that anxiety in her life .

you hear about the bombing in Boston , what worthless people said that they wish John Cene his family was there .

What happened today in Boston is horrible and my heart and prayers go out to everyone affected #pray #bostonmarathon

An 8 year old boy from the boston bombing died this evening from his severe wounds : ' c RIP 3

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected by today 's Boston Marathon bombing . During difficult times

Seattle-area runners in Boston : ` This is probably it for me '

ohmygod i want to go to 1D world in boston but idk if its safe anymore :-LRB-

RT : Keep the victims from the explosions in Boston in your prayers and pray diligently for God 's pea

Just finished mowing the lawns . Boston ? for real ?

Praying for All in Boston those around the world around seen unseen dangerous . Thank Jesus for your healing

Obama Speech On Boston Bombings : ` We Will Find Out Who Did This ' And Hold Them Accountable -LRB- VIDEO -RRB-

God bless Boston . I always love u and miss u. Your my sweetie . Be strong dear

my prayers and thoughts go to those affected in Boston accident . may souls be healed and justice be served ! #prayforboston

UPDATED : Status of Yorkers in the Boston Marathon - York Dispatch via

For what happened in BOSTON TODAY WITH THE BOMBING IS REASON WHY I LOVE ENJOY BEING MY ASS IN THE HOUSE #IPRAYFORBOSTON

My heart and prayer goes out for those who affected by the bomb explotion in Boston .

BUT HOW MANY PEOPLE ACTUALLY PRAY FOR THE PEOPLE IN BOSTON AFTER THEY USE THE HASHTAG

my friend moved to Boston last month and her mom is in the hospital because of the bombing and its not looking good crying

Love , light , and prayers for Boston . Stay safe . Stay strong . 3

This Boston shit is really making me sick to my stomach it 's so sad .

Saying Prayers for the lost love ones in Washington , KS tonight and the people in Boston

thoughts and prayers to everyone affected by the bombings at the Boston Marathon .

We hope and pray that all of our Boston curlies -LRB- and their friends and families -RRB- are ok . #prayersforBoston

Thoughts and prayers go out to those effected today by the tragedy in Boston #BostonMarathon

Imma wear my celtics 1s for the people in boston

My heart is just so sad tonight . #boston

Praying for everyone in Boston , it 's so tragic ! People take life for granted , hold your loved ones close to your heart

US stocks slide on Boston blasts -

Our condolences go out to all those affected by the Boston marathon tragedy . My heart is filled with grief at the senseless murders

I 'm sure that the exploding in Boston can only be all the Boston beansmhmm Boston beans

:-LRB- -LRB- RIP 8yo girl who died in Boston 's explosions , while running for Sandy Hook kids

# Sports World : The tragedy of terrorist bombing of Boston Marathon is that this great country of ours is at constant risk !

As if the Boston Marathon explosions were n't horrifying enough , CNN is reporting that one of the two #Jezebel

Watching the videos again , thank you to the Police , Paramedics and unsung heroes that run in the marathon to help the victims #PrayForBoston

A very sad day . My thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and their families of the tragedy in Boston .

Deadly Explosions At Boston Marathon ! - Mike McCaul -LRB- R-T -RRB- House Homeland :

Stop blaming on Islam , We also sent Our prayer for #Boston #PrayForBoston

Boston blasts likely to weigh on stock market : Tuesday 's markets will be focused on any new information that c

Deadly bombs at Boston Marathon via

This Boston story is depressing and scary Prayers go up

As the scope of the tragedy in Boston unfolds , all of us can help one another by being thoughtful and kind .

Respect for all the runners in the Boston marathon who ran today and everyone who supported and watched them #rip

I live in Boston , came across this today and it was a solace on a tough day

Also , Boston PD even said casualties were at 3 . Hope it does n't go any higher . #prayforboston

My heart is with those affected by the tragedy in Boston today .

Wear Purple Tomorrow For The Boston Tragedy !!

My thoughts , love , and prayers are with the people of Boston today 3 #PrayForBoston

Still ca n't believe the news about Boston . Absolutely horrible .

My heart goes out to Boston . What a sad , crazy day

Officials : 134 injured , 3 dead , as two huge blasts rock Boston Marathon finish line

The Boston Marathon , which is an event with such an amazing tradition , is now plagued by terror on this very histori

Prayers for the victims families in Boston . So sad .

Turns out that one of the people interviewed during the Boston bombing is our family member . Unfortunately they 're the black sheep

Watching the news about the Boston bombing makes me sick

Our thoughts and prayers are with all those impacted by the tragic events that took place in Boston today . #prayforboston

It 's sad how people say 1 thing about the Boston marathn then go back 2 complaining about life . Wah u have hw , at least u have all ur limbs

Bombing in Boston ? :-RRB- lets blame the Muslims . You pathetic ignorant people just think that every time something happe

Boston has me looking to that day when evil loses its final battle with the King of Peace .

Starting to think Boston was planned by someone in the government .

Thanks . I used to work on the same street where tragedy struck today . My heart is with Boston always , but especially today .

Umm okay , why are Muslims even mentioned for the Boston bombings , no culprit has been confirmed yet

The Boston bombing is very sad and unfortunate , but please do n't blow up the social networks .

Mexican Athletes Experience Marathon Tragedy First Hand

My family in Boston is safe . Thank goodness but still praying for the others who were there and hurt .

#Boston - We will get back to normal very soon and show the world that nothing can stop our way of life .

The staff at The Chute sends heartfelt thoughts and prayers to everyone affected by the tragedy in Boston today .

Someone created a fake twitter account promising donations to the boston marathon victims ? That person deserves a bomb shoved up the a # s !

Days like this I wish I was a real boondock saint ! #Boston #PrayForBoston

Everyone is sayin pray for Boston which we do but we also need to pray for terrorists to change there 's ways

My prayers goes to everyone who is involved in the Boston Marathon bombing incident , godbless x #prayforboston

You can choose to pray for Boston or #PrayForAryan . . My little Aryan . . :'-LRB-

My prayers are with all the victims and families in Boston tonight . #PrayersGoOutToBoston #SickWorld

Omg what happened in Boston ? explosions ? Kids ? #PrayForBoston

Lifting many families affected by this tragedy in Boston tonight . #praiseyouinthisstorm

BloombergNews : Oklahoma City Memorial Marathon to review security after Boston bombing |

Thoughts and prayers to the people of Boston . Hard to understand such a tragedy .

Officials : 134 injured , 3 dead , as two huge blasts rock Boston Marathon finish line via

If You 're in #Boston Without Phone Service , Call Out from This Site RT

Dual Explosions at Boston Marathon - Live stream from the scene : via

instagramming something for Boston is n't gon na help Boston

2 killed , more than 130 injured in Boston Marathon bombings - According to one White House official , investigators

Is time to unite in prayer for the victims in boston #prayforboston

The Boston victims need prayers right now

What if OneDirection cancels their tour to America because the bombing in Boston :-LRB- saaaddddddd for not occasions .

Excellent on how to make marathon routes safe from such attacks . -LRB- You ca n't . -RRB-

Tonight our hearts are with all affected by the tragedy in Boston .

Only cowards would set off a terrorist act like that in Boston .

All my prayers and thoughts to everyone in Boston ! #CrazyWorld

This is from a Fox News contributor . Disgusting . #boston

At least 3 people dead and 129 injured after 2 explosions near finish line at the Boston Marathon - Aljazeera Int ' l

Just knowing , that someone out there is proud of what they had done in Boston today , makes me that much more angry !

#Cayman Loves you #Boston and we are praying for you

Updates - Asia markets dip after Boston blasts : Asian markets decline in early trading after two explosions at

Still trying to work my way thru Boston . My heart actually hurts for the people there . I cried today - again . An 8 yr old gone . #senseless

My thought prayers are with Boston this evening .

OMG :--RRB- . . My prayer for the People in Boston :'-LRB-

Thanks man . All is well on my end . Unreal stuff coming out of Boston .

My neighbor , Chad Wells , being interviewed on CNN right now . His wife ran the Boston Marathon today .

BBC News - Boston Marathon hit by deadly twin explosions

Boston blast injuries required battlefield savvy , experts say via

This Boston news is definitely depressing . For sure saying my prayers tonight !

Boston is heart-breaking . Nothing occurs to my God . He is still on His throne and believers must show Him to a hurting

Media giving this bomber exactly what he wanted , attention . Pray 4 Boston but the media do n't need to run it in the ground .

My prayers and hopes go out the people in Boston who were at the marathon today and saw or heard the bombs explode . Please help America god

I ca n't get over tge Boston bombing . It breaks my heart .

so so so bummed after watching all the news videos on the boston marathon

Prayers go our to all of the victims of the #Boston Marathon explosion . Especially this little guy .

Everyone stop what your doing , white people are dying !! #Boston

let me say my goodnight prayers with Boston in my mind

Columbine High School Massacre , Sandy Hook , Aurora Shooting , 9/11 , and now Boston ? What 's wrong with this world ? #

Titanic Sinks 4/15/1912 Boston Bombing 4/15/2013 Abe Licon Dies - 4/15 US Warplanes Attack Libya 4/15 -LRB- live at

hear what the redcoats did in Boston ?

sobs the bombing in boston.im glad im not in that state ; ;

Boston police commish denies any additional devices found .

Asia markets dip after Boston blasts : Asian markets decline in early trading after two explosion #NewsOnTweet _

Boston Marathon bomber planted SEVEN devices but only two went off : One ` suspect ' held , hunt for

Appropriate tonight to share these words from Boston native and musical genius , Leonard Bernstein

My love to all the people in Boston

Boston police said no one is in custody ! Bad reporting from NY post . Ugh .

If you are compelled to help the victims of the attack in #Boston , please donate blood , money , and time : #prayforboston #volunteer

Terrorism strikes Boston Marathon as bombs kill 3 , wound scores :

To bostan our heart hurts as we hear this shocking news boston yur in our thought and prayers . we r very sorry for you loss #PRAYFORBOSTON

This Boston shit sad , my parents been blowing my shit up all day . .

Stay strong Boston . My thoughts are with you .

Explosions rock finish of Boston Marathon ; 3 killed and scores injured - -LRB- blog -RRB-

Prayers go out to Boston . Those who are hurt , please get better . :-LRB- #prayforboston

I still ca n't believe what happened today in Boston . People are sick

I heard a bomb was imploded in Boston Marathon . So sorry to hear that . May God bless 'em . :-LRB-

It has just been confirmed 3 ppl died , and 130 have been injured in Boston . My prayers go out to y' all

So blessed to have so many that care and many more that I care for in and away from this city . Love y' all . #Boston

I think the government had something to do with the Boston tragedy . Ironic how they were running for sandy hook

My thought go to Boston hope everyone is okay there Apparently 3 people already died and 103 are injured so far :-LRB- Stupid terrorist :-LRB-

An 8 year old girl died in the Boston bombing while she was running for charity . . I 'm so done with humanity

So Sad ! RT : 8-Year Old Is One Of Two Confirmed Dead In Boston Marathon Explosions

Saying prayers for Boston tonight . I just wan na know . What is wrong with these people who do this shitI just do n't get itGOD BLESS

Those people that set off those bombs today will burn in a hell hotter than those explosions . #prayforboston #RIP

Sorry to hear about boston but lets not be quick to judge and point fingers . Lets get the facts first

Prayers go out to Boston . What the hell is this country turning into .

Participants in the Boston Marathon had to be 18 years old . No 8 year old was running for Sandy Hook . The things people will say for RT 's

This Boston stuff taking over ESPN .

My heart is broken and scarred for the rest of my life . Boston marathon bombed . TWICE !!! 137 injured . 3 dead , includi

So North Koreans finally nuked us today Boston will never be the same :-LRB-

Spoke w/WSJ abt today 's tragic event . Wld I run Boston Marathon agn ? Answer : Hell yes ! Why : Because Fuck whoever did this .

What 9-11 did to airport security , the Boston bombing will do to public sports events .

Pray For Me in This Interview Tomorrow I feel Like This is a Selfish Request Knowin That Everyone 's Prayers goin To Boston but # 1time4da1time

They said on the news 3 ppl died from the explosion in Boston . One of them was an 8 yr old kid.Hug your kids tight t

As someone who lives in Boston , thank you for the kind words and thoughts , Em . Truly appreciated . 3

best live updates on the web for boston

very thankful that my sister is ok #boston

Take care #Boston . You 're in our hearts .

#prayforboston , this is getting out of hand . People are sick . Prayers go out to those in Boston !

My heart breaks more and more for #Boston as the news updates :-LRB-

Many of us pray for Boston tonight . #prayforboston

Just completed a 2.59 mi walk - Slow in a wee bit of pain , but today I run for Boston . #RunKeeper

Eternal rest grant unto them , O Lord and let perpetual light shine upon them . May the souls of the lives lost in Boston rest in peace . Amen .

Been following this fucked up Boston situation and the people helping out are a different breed . So graphic and real but they keep helping .

Nobody else thinks it 's weird they are n't making that big of a deal on the whole Boston thing . Seems downplayed . No info on what caused it .

The more I think about the Boston Marathon bombing , the sicker I become . #PrayersForBoston

Live stream from the finish line in Boston near site of explosion :

Aaaaand cue ignorant people 's comments on the bombing . No need for speculations , just facts and prayer . #boston

Family , Friends Wait For Word From Local Runners At Boston Marathon

Celtics react to the Boston Marathon bombing -LRB- New Post -RRB-

My gym teacher was running in that race and people are saying she finished 2 min before the bombs went off so she is ok ! #prayforboston

Wow , just heard of Boston - I 'm grateful for those that escaped harm and wish for speedy recovery for those injured !

People that joke about the Boston Marathon Bombing are literally human scum and are no better than the people who placed the bombs

RP 8 yr old girl killed in Boston today

Our deepest sympathies and prayers go out to the entire city of Boston . .

they report the devastation , I report the praise . #Boston #thankful #prayforBoston

Prayer is just talking to yourself . Here 's how to actually help victims of the Boston Marathon bombings

What was that Boston Marathon doing being run on Monday ? I thought it was normally run on Saturday or Sunday .

Now it 's reported that at least 3 people were killed today in the Boston bombing #breaksmyheart #stoptheviolence

I 'm just glad the pine lake kids are n't in Boston right now !

My thoughts prayers go out to all those in Boston their families .

forreal though , God Bless them people in Boston .

I 'm so sorry Boston . Im not religious but I pray for you . I cry for you wish you strength to carry on . . xoxo . this is the world we live in

RT and give a moment of silence for Boston

What kind of idiot bombs a marathon ?!! Seriously ? What a tragedy !!! Saddened for those who were injured lost th

Woaah the bombing during the marathon in boston

heard we are supposed to wear purple for Boston tomorrow ?

My heart goes out to all of those affected in the Boston Marathon tragedy .

My heart is heavy this morningwhy is this world so messed up !? Sending prayers up for all affected by the Boston M

Join us in praying for the city of Boston . This world needs our Jesus more than ever before . Let your light shine .

At this moment the nation stands as one . How long before somebody tries to politicize the tragedy in Boston ?

stop tweeting these horrible pictures of Boston it 's bad enough to hear about it .

Pray for all the people who where hurt or died in the Boston marathon

My heart gos out to all the ppl affected by the explosion in Boston

Thinking of the Boston marathon runners who gave blood straight after the race when I go to give blood today . #donatebl

thats not the girl that died . that is n't the Boston Marathon . stop exploiting a terrible tragedy just for publicity

I think all of our family loved ones are accounted for in Boston . Thank u for your prayers . Keep praying for the victims their families

That 's crazy sad a 8 year old girl running n the marathon for the kids who died n the Sandy Hook . died from t

Thinking of you , Boston ! We want to help . Tell us how . #prayforboston

I seriously cried at the news today . Fuck whoever planted that bomb , I hope you rot in hell . #Boston

So there 's a pray for Boston thing I just seen of fb , it 's a nice thought actually , but I know the majority are n't really praying . #truth

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all those who was affected by today 's tragic events in Boston .

Thankful my family is safe . Boston , you 're my home .

Utahns at Boston Marathon describe ` chaos ' ; SLC marathon planners respond :

To the families who lost loved ones today and everyone injured in Boston , you are in our thoughts and prayers .

America ; Ke City Boston Me 2 Bomb Dhamake , 4 Halak 30 Afrad Zakhmi . Mazeed Halakaton Ka Khadsha . Gher Mulki Media

What happened in Boston sucks . Does it affect my life ? No . Will I forget about in 2 weeks ? Yes . As most of you will too . No

Before you sleep tonight take a second , bow your head and pray , not only for Boston , but for everyone who has lost a love o

No way ! A guy lost his gf in the Boston explosions . He was gon na propose when she crossed the finish line . Poor guy :-LRB- ca n't even imagine .

Initial report from Boston , 2 dead and 23 injured . Now it 's reported that 3 people have died and 130 injured . #prayforboston

I would gladly take the place of one the the people from the Boston bombing

Praying for not only Boston but the entire world . . I will never understand why some people do what they do .

Boston or Rhode Island or Connecticut or probably NH and VT too , and western MA . Pass it on . 3

thought about you !!! Thanks for updating us !!! #pfw #patriotnation #boston

Our hearts to out to today 's Boston Marathon victims , and our thanks go out to those who are taking care of them .

Praying for those involved today in the events in Boston today #PrayForBoston #PrayForAmerica

The latest on the Boston explosions . Our hearts go out to the victims and their families .

thoughts are with yous in Boston , from Scotland #prayforboston

S/O to the police , medics , and firemen in Boston . #Heroes

Boston Marathon Bombing -LRB- R.I.P to the victims -RRB- : via

#prayforboston . I love the city of #Boston and have always felt very safe when visiting . Hope they find the person who did this . #crazy

i live in the boston area and its so scary knowing there was a bombing

My prayers with all in my former home of Boston .

Update : Boston Marathon explosion : 3 dead , more than 100 injured : Digital First Media Blasts rock Boston Marat

Very sad news about the events at the Boston Marathon today . Look for the people helping others in the crowd !

I read the news about Boston while looking out my window at the bench I sat in when I heard about 9/11 . Another sad day for humanity .

Everyone wear blue tomorrow in honor those lost/hurt by the Boston Marathon . #retweet #spreadtheword

Our deepest condolences go out to anyone suffering any type of loss due to the senseless act in Boston today . What a damn shame

Latest : 3 dead , scores injured in #Boston bombings

Hearing things like the Boston marathon tragedy makes me cry How can something that was suppose to be fun end like that .

It 's hard for me to wish everyone a great evening after what happened in Boston the violent acts that continue to happen around the world .

Damm just seen that Boston thing

TOPnews : Bombs kill two people , wound dozens at Boston Marathon : -LRB- Editor 's note : Please be advised this story

Does anyone actually what caused the attacks in Boston

nothing can break the spirit of a runner and nothing will break the spirit of Boston . Thoughts and prayers are with #Boston tonight .

4 months ago -LRB- 12/14/12 -RRB- was Sandy Hook and now this terrible tragedy at the Boston Marathon . #stoptheviolence #lovenothate

You may find that out that someone of another culture did this today in Boston , but this is squarely the fault of Obama & am

My heartfelt sympathy condolences to all affected by the bombings #prayforboston

My condolences go out to everyone affected by the tragic event that has happened during the Boston Marathon today . Pray . Get well . Love .

I am deeply saddened by this Boston bombing It 's a shame what 's going on in our world .

My prayers goes to the victims in the Boston tradegy . #prayforboston

And the numbers from the Boston Marathon continue to rise

Our hearts go out to everyone in Boston ! Stay strong and know we are all praying for you .

MT #Boston #Celtics cancel tomorrows game w / #Indiana #Pacers . #Boston

We 're bringing you live updates from on the Boston Marathon bombings . Read the latest here : #boston

And btw people are so stupid . If the gov ' t really did the Boston bombings , they would n't be stupid enough to make Facebook pages days early

R 1 thing can b said for sure about people who plant bombs-they r d ultimate cowards - d lowest of d low-vermin #prayforboston

Having Mass for Boston they always hit below the belt

we can use some help raising donations for victims of Boston bombing

CURSE on those people Behind Boston Marathon Bombing . #PrayForBoston

Will NIGHTLINE air immediately following the eleven o'clock news tonight because if the Boston Marathon bombing ?

Can someone tell me Wtf happened in Boston ?

Cant really express how i feel about the Boston bombings

I liked a video Ellen 's Message to Boston

Tragic News from Boston - my heart goes out to the families of the victims and I hope the perpetrators are caught soon .

Thanks guys for praying for us in Boston and everyone that was affected #PrayforBoston

Prayers go out to Boston and to all the families that have suffered . You 'll be in my thoughts and prayers .

People , stop feeling like you have the worst life ever because I 'm sure the people in Boston would gladly prefer yours #PrayersForBoston

My thoughts and prayers goes out to those affected by the Boston marathon blast

Just got home and reading up on what happened in Boston Marathon today . Crazy . My thoughts are with all those affected .

Crying so bad looking at all these pictures #boston #breaksmyheart :-LRB-

Praying for all of the victims in Boston . Bless the men and women in uniform for their selfless se

I liked a video RAW FOOTAGE Terrorism Strikes Boston Marathon As Bombs Explode 2013

Have info on the terror attack ? Police say to call #Boston BombsTipline : 1-800-494-TIPS #marathon Thx

My thoughts and prayers goes out to all the victims and there families in Boston today . / 3

Sending my deepest of thoughts to all those in Boston after a devastating day ! x

Oklahoman Runners Witness Explosions At Boston Marathon

Whoever did this in Boston , I would burn their eyes out with a blow torch .

I just watched the Boston marathon video ! It 's awful !!

Bombs designed to cause maximum casualties and misery . First explosion intended to drive victims in direction of second stronger one #Boston

We 're in shock just as you all are . Our hearts are broken for Boston . Stay strong and fight . #bostonmarathon

Prayers go out to the Boston Marathon victims and others affected

The Boston Celtics have canceled tomorrow 's game .

If you would , please take a minute to offer a prayer for the victims and families affected by the cowardly bombings in Boston .

Most depressing news this morning : Blasts at Boston Marathon Kill 3

#prayforboston our heart goes out to the family friends of Boston

Oh Boston , my Boston , our Boston of course . Be safe cos I 'll meet you , oh we 'll meet you soon one day . 3

Just terrible . Time to support our community stick together . I think said it best - #boston

Our thoughts are with and the City of Boston this evening . Stand strong , stand together .

Prayers to all the members of the running community who joined the Boston Marathon #BostonMarathon

I pray for all those who were at the Boston marathon

My Joey Mcintyre . You are the hero of Boston ! Way to go !

Why people do evil things we will never know but lets come together to help the people of boston . #prayforboston

Inspiration , strength , resiliency . I love my city . #boston #marathon

Bombing at Boston Marathon Injures Dozens , Kills at Least 3

I hate when ppl make up stories about the Boston thing . .

Can we count on and to take care of everything in Boston ?

Prayer goes out to the ppl in Boston

Out Condolences go out to the families and everyone affected in the Boston Marathon Bombings . #prayforboston

we should wear blue for boston tomorrow . anyone ? anyone ?

So i guess the Boston Marathon was a blast

STARTUP TIPS !! Patton Oswalt 's Powerful Boston Marathon Post Inspires on Facebook : Of all the pontificators an

Praying for Boston . Getting scared . But whatever happens , happens . God will protect and his will shall be done .

Prayers go out to those affected today in Boston Mass. .

The person or group responsible in bombing the Boston Marathon , must be punished . #prayforboston

Although bombings are happening in Boston , can we take a moment to remember the soldiers abroad who risk their lives everyday to protect us .

oh but of course the American media has already declared the Boston marathon bombing suspect to be of Middle Easter

Ya dont fahck with Boston baby . #prayforboston

#wonuolanews Bombs kill three people , wound more than 100 at Boston Marathon - Reuters : Toronto StarBombs kill

Boston bombed . Millions pray . DID YOU EVER PRAY FOR A DETACHABLE PENIS ?

Woke up to the dreadful news of the Boston Marathon :-LRB- So sad .

If I hear a battle rapper say a Boston marathon lineThey better say shout out to beantownmouse !

Most of the athletes that competed in the marathon finished the race and continued to run to the hospital to donate bloo

Reading all of the new details on the bombing in Boston is literally making me sick to my stomach .

Prayers and thoughts go out to all of you in #Boston who were affected by todays horrible tragedy #America #Strong

Knowing that my dad was actually in Boston today .

God bless everyone in Boston right now !!

Tragedy in Boston : One Photographer 's Eyewitness Account from the Scene : Tragedy in Boston : One Photographer 's

Boston , my entire heart is with you tonight . Stay strong in these hard times .

If you know anyone in Boston , advise them to stay indoors .

Do n't try and wrap your mind around the events in Boston today , instead wrap your heart around Christ ! Evil is the absence of God ! #boston

Mandefinitely saddened to hear about the tragedy in Boston today . Praying for the victims and their families .

Boston law enforcement and state officials dealing with this quite well - swiftly , calmly and professionally . #team

I truly ca n't believe what I 'm watching on the news . The terror at the Boston marathon is so horrible to see .

Y' all need to stop saying that Muslims did the bombing in Boston . Just stp . It mean and disgusting .

Our hearts go out to all in Boston and all the families and friends of those affected . Such a beautiful city ,

The angels in heaven have their wings wrapped around all you in Boston . #PrayerForBoston

hey I HAVE a pic that got in my TL regarding Boston do u have an email for your sister station there ? It may be of help

Working on love for tomorrow , if you have links where people can help the recovery effort in #Boston , please share .

Sending out prayers for those in Boston . God , shower them with strength , courage and hope to survive this tragedy .

Being offended by the concern for Boston is outrageous Sadly , horrible things happen every day , does n't mean we should n't show support . .

My heart goes out to the families in boston who lost a love one or lives were cut short . You are loved 3

Boston blast , gold plunge to 2-year low , Dow Jones hit by 265 points . Some bad news really like to gather at the same day .

Just saw my homie at Boston press conference . He , rest of crew really grinding it out on # B

9/11 2012 #BENGHAZI 4/15 2013 #BOSTON BOTH TERRORIST ATTACKS . NATIONAL SECURITY ? WHO IS RESPONSIBLE ?

But on a more serious note what happened in Boston is an absolute tragedy and ca n't even imagine what they are going throu

#Boston police : At least 3 people have died from Boston blasts , dozens injured #prayforboston

Actual video of Explosions at the Boston Marathon

#PHOTO : A policeman mans his post at New York 's Times Square after security was boosted following Boston blasts

Disgraceful Lowlife Leftist NBCReporter speculates on Waco link to Boston bombing

Much love go out to all the family 's In Boston that were affected #BostonMarathon

Saddened by the horrible events in Boston . I just do n't understand why someone would do something like that . #BostonMarathon

One of my cousins was 1/2 a mile from what happened in Boston . Thankful he 's okay . Praying for them .

So people are really making jokes about the Boston thing ? Like what temperature is your heart right now

Manchester woman hit with shrapnel in Boston bombing :

Our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone and their family 's that were affected by the Boston marathon bombs today

Oh Lord , we pray for the families who lost loved ones in the Boston tragedy , and ask that you touch them with

New Orleans running club members react to Boston Marathon bombings from

The stories of heroism emerging including those of my wife and daughter truly humble me . #prayforboston #bostonmarathon #Boston

Sad thing to rephrase/retweet within a year : No complaints today . Thankful for a safe day at school . Our thoughts prayers are w / Boston .

I 'll be playing a little memorial concert at 1:45 tomorrow in remembrance of Boston explosions today , if y

Our hearts go out to those injured and the families of those killed in the senseless attack in Boston .

I wonder if Sammy Adams will do a song for Boston .

Thoughts and prayers going out to all affected by the events at the Boston Marathon right now . Some horrific images --

bombs at the Boston Marathon , 3 dead 141 injured .

For real tho , what has this country come to from shooting up a mall to killing little children and now a bomb in Boston ? Smh

So basically the north koreans and there secrect agents that they have in america bombed boston . Dont trust gooks , chink , koreans

Thinking of Boston tonight , sending all my love . #prayersforboston

My heart breaks for Boston . All thoughts and prayers to those affected today . #prayforboston

Death toll at 3 in Boston Marathon bombing seen by White House as terrorism

I honestly wish people would stop posting pictures of the Boston bombing

On the day I welcome my baby boy into this world , ca n't help but think about the tragedy in Boston . Unreal . #prayforboston

Wear black tomorrow in honor of everyone affected by the Boston tragedy . Please retweet and spread the word . #prayfor

Praying for injured in Boston . RIP to those who lost their lives .

We want to take a moment to express our deepest sympathies for the people of #Boston . We stand with you !!

everyone is being helpful here . Boston -LRB- as you know -RRB- is a great city filled with great people . Be safe getting here .

sorry guys im not even religious and i prayed for boston

Got ta give it up to Boston today , some of the toughest people I 've met have been from there . Sending love your way . 3

A Saudi Arabian women was injured and was question if she was involved in the Boston bombing . That is racial profiling to the max .

Deep condolence for Marathon Bombing Boston O :-RRB-

My Hearts and Prayers goes out to Boston . .

BBC New 's subtitle writers are doing an awful job with all the Boston accents tonight on the News .

Sick . Just sick . That 's the only way I can begin to describe the Boston Marathon bombingswhat motivates a person to do that ? #pray4boston

The Boston Bombing today was carried out by liberals . They disarm us and give power to these crazy terrorists . Put the blam

The people killed and injured in the Boston Marathon bombing

Really just ca n't take in what happened in Boston . Makes you wonder what or where 's next #PrayersForBoston

Two bombs went off in Boston and it was so terrifying

I liked a video from Exploiting Boston Marathon Explosion For Money

Heading home . Daughter is due soon . She left Boston Marathon finish line 10 minutes before the blast . Hugs and kisses for her !

Saying a prayer for justice and peace for the people of Boston and the families of those effected by today 's tragedy .

thought are with those in boston even if this is a smallest way i can let u know but we are praying for you

When will this end ? Man 's inhumanity to man . Another shameful tragedy . My prayers to all the victims in Boston . My Heart Fa

Thoughts Prayers to Boston area tonight . Hug your loved ones tight .

Just woke up and found out what happened in Boston . Couldnt even believe it at first . #prayforboston

This whole Boston thing makes me appreciate life so much more #AppreciateEveryMoment

Let 's Keep praying for the families of the victims and those affected by the tragedy today in Boston , MA that God comfort their hearts .

its just so devastating . i dont understand how someone could do that . my thoughts and prayers r with boston #prayforboston

prayers go out to all the people in Boston today , hope everyone is gon na be okay ! sad the world is that messed up

one of my followers on tumblr that knows I 'm from Boston asked if everything was ok . She 's located in Barcelona #everyonecares

SMDH Someone made a fucking Harlem Shake video of the Boston terrorist attack

The world is falling in to shit . Boston bombings . Elementary school shootings . The past year has had some horrific events that disturb me .

Seeing what happened in Boston is frightening . This world is a nasty place . Prayers for Boston .

Miles had Boston on his mind when he woke up today

I think of this speech every time something like Boston -LRB- or Newtown or Aurora -RRB- happens . I wish I did n't think of it so often .

Prayers to all of those affected by today 's tragedy in Boston

Bolder Boulder plans meeting with police : The horrific twin explosions during Boston Marathon #coloradosprings

Do to others as you want done to you . The guy who shot in Batman needs to be shot.Whoever this was needs to stand by a bomb . #PrayForBoston

Glad to find out my friend Rajiv , a Harvard student , is safe , just shaken up . He was at Boston Marathon finish line rooting for a friend .

Goodnight everybody !! Sending lots of prayers to the victims of the Boston bombing and their families ! God is the Healer

I am truly sadden by todays events of hateful ppl in world , innocent souls we lost todayGodBless Boston

I ca n't seem to wrap my head around this situation in Boston

I do n't get how people can do stuff like the Boston bombing and shit #smh

Obama on Boston Bombing : ` We Will Find Out Who Did This ' : via

who the fuck hits a marathon thoughts and prayers to tha Boston marathon families involved

I Feel Bad For The People In Boston ! :-LRB- That Was Terrible

Pray for Boston it could of been us !

My heart goes out to those who have family or friends who were affected by the bombs in Boston . 3

WHILE PEOPLE IN BOSTON ARE LOOSING LOVED ONCE IN BOMBINGS AND YOU ONLY CARE ABOUT YOUR IDOL.I KNOW ITS BAD BUT THIS IS MUCH WORSE .

We love you , Boston . Hang in there . #prayforboston

As we all know by now there was a horrific event in Boston today . The total change by the moment . I do n't know about you but its strange !!!

Boston , our prayers , our hearts are with you .

Praying for the city Boston , the persons who were injured and the families of those who were killed . Lord help us all !

For every one person that plants a bomb , you have hundreds more running a marathon #PrayForBoston

became a fan of the Boston Red Sox

Everyone pray for the families affected by these awful bombings in Boston . These people deserve justice , who agrees with the death penalty

Props to Sportscenter for knowing that the explosions in Boston is more important than sports today . #PrayForBoston

Not gon na lie , this whole boston thing really got to me . I ca n't even begin to think of how much pain all of those people are going through .

Lmao that 's why I do n't ride with certain people in Boston smh

I am in Shock sadden by today 's events in Boston . My heart prayers goes out to the runners , volunteers , families the city of Boston .

Today there are no NY vs Boston issues We are all americans . You are a good Man , Tiny

To wake up and hear about these terrible events in Boston breaks my heart . I 'll be praying for all of the victims and their families .

Even now , this very minute . But events like Boston will only perpetuate gun culture , thereby taking more lives so on . Brutal .

thoughts are with those in boston . absolutely horrific :-LRB-

R.I.P to the 3 people confirmed dead in the boston bombings my thoughts are with there family 's of the dead and injured pray god bless

there were 2 bombs dropped -LRB- explosions -RRB- at the Boston marathon today . 3 people died and like 100 and something injuries .

Thanks to everyone texting me ! I was n't in Boston today but ALOT of people I know were at the marathon and working nearby . MASSIVE prayers !

Feel horrible for all the people in the boston marathon and feel sad for the 8 year old that died representing sandy hook

If You 're in Boston Without Phone Service , Call Out from This Site via #bostonmarathon

Our thoughts prayers are with all people caught in the Boston Bombings . What a horrible situation . Thinking of you

Boston Marathon : The 78-year-old runner knocked down by blast

It 's nice when all of your friends make sure you 're okay throughout the day when they know you go to school in Boston

Everytime I See Sumn About The Boston Bombings My Stomach Turns #Sick

This is seriously so sad , my thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in Boston #prayforboston

I think it 's safe to say after what happened in Boston that you 're safer in the dark , lost by yourself than in any large ga

That 's what ya get for making to much Harlem shakes !! Con los terroristas huh what happend in Boston ??

My prayers go out to those who have passed or were injured in Boston . #PrayingforBoston

I ca n't imagine what the people of Boston are going through . First I heard of it , I prayed . #PrayforBoston #hanginthere

10 % of the proceeds from will go to help Boston for next 7 days .

Wherever you are , whatever you 're doing , please take a moment to send light and love to Boston

God the misinformation coming out about Boston and people are repeating it , stop

So sorry to hear about the senseless and tragic event in Boston today and our thoughts and prayers are with all

Great night out and it 's time for bed but ca n't help but think about those in Boston ! Stay safe ! #prayforboston

Think about the IRONY of blaming TEA PARTY for BOSTON bombing

That man in boston lost his gf . . y' all needa learn to cherish every moment with her or even someone you love / 3

my dad had to fly to Boston for business and he was going to land around 3

So sick of tragic events where innocent people are killed and injured for no reason . My heart breaks for people affected in Boston . #why ?

I was looking at news and footage from the Boston Marathon . . Accidentally found pictures of the victims . I do n't think I 'll sleep tonight

My heart breaks for those hurt by the tragedy in Boston . One day , God will make all things right . Until then , Church , let 's work .

It seriously breaks my heart about what happened in Boston today . #Pray4Boston

Poor 72 year old guy who was running the Boston Marathon got knocked over , and now he 's shown falling on the news over and over again

An elderly man at work asked his waitress to save a prayer tonight for those in Boston . Nice to know there are good , caring

My heart goes out to all the victims of the Boston bombing . Especially the 8 year old . I well pay for you . #prayers #Boston #Bostonbombing

Honestly , what are the odds that Boston was running a practice controlled explosion drill on the same day as the marathon bombing ?

Bostonians have created a Google Doc list offering up their homes to runners : rt #Boston

Prayers going out to everyone in the Boston marathon and their families

The rest of us are focused on our loved ones and feeling pain for the people of Boston and the victims . Not

Why do innocent people have to suffer ? Prayers for everyone in Boston . Especially to those who died today .

The Boston marathon bombings are an act of government conspiracy . Not terrorism . Please shut up . SMH .

Amazing job by all of the 1st responders at the Boston marathon . These people are true Heroes . Please look after everyone around you .

Prays for the people affected by the Boston explosions

I ca n't believe this happened to Boston . Tragic . Does n't make sense that people can actually bring themselves to do s

You ca n't even go to a movie or school or even run a freakin marathon without getting shot or bombed . #prayforboston

We would like to offer our prayers to the families and friends of those affected by the bombing in Boston be

Feel obligated to tweet about Boston but everything I think of to write feels petty . It 's been a scary day . Glad my brother is safe .

Hope everyone that got hurt at the Boston Marathon is okay . Hope they have a speedy and painless recovery #prayforboston

I just heard about what happened in boston and that is absolutly terrible !! It is just disgusting what some people will do .

Boston explosions : New York Post better have good sources / / Sources are important on days like today

It 's not okay that people are just bombing innocent people . This is a national problem . It can happen anywhere , not

My Heart is saddend by the recent tragedy.Our love goes out to the people of Boston . We are with you . #prayforboston

R.I.P to the lives lost in boston bombing :-LRB-

Latest from Boston - 3 dead , 130 injured . The latest update at 9 after #thefollowing #hounews #fox26forlife

people in boston r doing somthing about it lmao

I feel so bad for people in Boston , I 'm praying for them all !!!!! 3

Praying for #Boston . Praying also for wisdom for the Church to be a beacon of grace and truth during this time .

Saddened by the news of the Boston Marathon attacks today . Thoughts and prayers are with everyone affected by this tragedy .

Send up a prayer for all those in Boston #prayforboston

All tragedies are inexplicable and leave us feeling helpless . Thinking of #Boston tonight and all those impacted . #peace

I love you Boston !!! Sending love and prays . #sad

my thoughts go out to all those who were victimized in Boston . this world just keeps getting worse and worse .

Our prayers are with those affected by the Boston tragedy . #PrayersForBoston

I 'm so glad you 're all safe ! Sending you and all your Boston folks good thoughts tonight and in the coming days .

Heart goes out to the families of the deceased and injured in Boston .

Boston Marathon Bombings Already Being Blamed on Anti-tax Group or Tea Party : Here we go again . It did n't take

Nothing I can add to what 's been said about Boston . Sometimes the depth of hurt just ca n't be put into words .

Police Commissioner says 3 people dead and about 130 injured in the Boston Bombing

I wonder if they would tell us if the explosions in Boston were detonated by suicide bombers .

Our prayers go out to those in Boston . Terrible what happens in a world that 's desperate for a Savior .

Ca n't believe a religion is trending because of the bombing attacks . My heart goes out the Boston but this is not an appropriate response .

Cities are not for me . I think Boston should be closed until they find who did this . Not safe .

All this talk about Boston makes me wan na go to Boston pizza

So well said -LRB- and a Buechner truism to boot ! -RRB- : Psalm 46 and the Boston Marathon via

My thoughts and prayers go to those affected by the #Boston bombing .

Thoughts go out to the marathon runners #boston

We conquered #heartbreak hill in Newton only to find more heartbreak in Boston . Runners #Boston are strong will pull through this .

My prayers go out to Boston . They did nothing to deserve this . #PrayForBoston

Not going to complain about my boyfriend not calling . Praying for all those who were involved with the Boston bombing ones who 've past !

It saddens me about Boston its such a tragedy . I have tried not watching the tv today as much as possible I think if I did I might cry . :-LRB-

At Boston Marathon , witnesses describe scene of fear , confusion and bloodshed - via

I hope they find the Boston bomber and blow his dick off . Fucking sick people in this world

so glad my cousin is alright in Boston , he was at the Red Sox game

KAPATID UPDATE NBA cancels Celtics regular season finale after Boston Marathon blasts #WowoWillie

USC students hosting a memorial run tmrw to honor victims in the Boston Marathon bombing . Strom fields Wear red , whi

prayers go out to those people in boston

My thoughts an prayers go out to all effected by the events in Boston today #SadToSee

My cousin Jordan was in that Boston race , he was already across the finish line tho . . he passed out at the finish line . 26k will do that lol

Saudi nat'l being Q 'd w / shrapnel wounds in Boston terror attack .

Boston i really rope and pray that the things go better !

Keep Boston in your prayers . Please and thank you .

I 'm sorry but as a Laker fan , I ca n't comply with your request and pray for Boston . #JustSayin

Gretchen Powe wrote : Prayers Go Out To The Injury and To The Families That Lost Love Ones in The Horrible Bombing In Boston . #Prayers

Cant wait to go to next years boston marathon to remember the lives lost today due to the bombings !! #BostonMarathon you are in our hearts !

Candlelight vigil in Newtown at 10:30 pm Edmund town Hall , to honor those killed in Boston today . Please join us and share #bostonmarathon

I pray for the people of Boston tonight . you are all in my heart and my prayers 3

The greatest need of the people of #Boston tonight is the Gospel of Jesus Christ . #PrayForBoston

Thoughts and prayers for everyone in Boston after this horrific tragedy . #PrayForBoston

Feel sorry for the man that lost his better half today in Boston . Every man needs a women to keep him up .

I mean I 'm in boston so I might as wellat this point , I just want anyone except the penguins or rangersthe isles are even ok

From one sports crazy town to another : We love you , Boston . The minds and hearts of Buffalo are with you . Good night

Received confirmation from my mom who works at Mass. . Gen. Hospital in Boston . Prayers and thoughts go out to all affected . Life is a gift .

Big , big thank you to BAA , Boston College , Newton Police , et al. for keeping us warm , calm , and fed at S

Who won the boston marathon anyways ?

Madddd people tweeting about the Boston Bombingyou know what ? Dont you dare blame the Muslims . Your own president isnt blaming us !

Praying for those affected by the tragedy in Boston . Believing that even through this darkness God 's light can shine .

They need to use cruel and unusual punishment on the people who are responsible for the Boston Marathon bombing .

Having all of this Boston stuff happen , makes me just want to gather up all of my friends and hug them and keep them safe :-LRB-

Many sincere prayers go out to Boston , as well as the rest of humanity that deals with this insanity on a more regular basis . #oneworld

I do n't really know the exact details about the recent bombing in Boston but let 's just pray for them out there , please . :-LRB- #PrayForBoston

THIS IS LIKE THE SIXTH PRAY FOR BOSTON POST ON TUMBLR I 'VE SEEN AND I STILL DO N'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED

I ca n't believe some prick decided to blow up the Boston marathon . Fuck humanity , #PrayForBoston

Unite tomorrow for #Boston . Wear a race shirt . If you dress up at work wear Boston blue/yellow . #bostonmarathon

This will once again result in more freedom being loss . . Do n't let a good disaster good to waste . . All in Boston in my prayers

I really feel bad for the people that live in Boston . . That 's sad all them explosions just occurring . .

My prayers with Boston right now , anyone who knows me knows that 's my city ! Everyone be strong #prayforboston

For the sadness in Boston , we pray . Be strong ! Be safe ! We wish for peace both Boston and all the world . #prayforboston

My thoughts are with everyone effected by the two explosions in Boston !

Our thoughts and prayers are with the people in Boston today , those who were injured , those who have died , and those working on the scene .

Just like the US government did 911 , I would not be surprise to see the news media and US government tell lies on the Muslims abt Boston

Prayers for comfort and healing for those who were injured and the families of those killed in Boston .

I should n't have to say this , but I feel like I must , if you are POSTING #prayforboston just make sure you actually PRAY for Boston .

not sure where you guys are in respect to Boston , but hope you and your families are safe

whoa the boston marathon explosion : / they must 've love running so much . then those with their legs blown off . . omg D :

The bombing at the Boston marathon was a tragedy but so was this . A mistake and 30 innocents died just like that

The dust had not settled in Boston and narrow minded liberal media had already hoisted an imaginary right wing conservative with a noose .

What if the reason the boys did n't tweet about Boston is because their so emotional I

Associated Press is reporting the IRS is giving Boston residents extensions on tax filings .

Oh ? And why did the boston marathon bombing happen Ooj ?

Am so speechless / 3 #boston he lost his girlfriend at the marathon

you have to take each situation for what it is and seriously think about what 's about to follow . #boston

@highlight

The NBA has announced that tomorrow 's game between the Pacers Boston Celtics at TD Garden has been canceled

@highlight

The explosions in Boston with victims ages 3-62 , latest from Boston 3 dead , 130 injured in Boston Marathon .

@highlight

20-year-old Saudi Arabian national being held suspect

@highlight

8 years old boy died in Boston Bombing

@highlight

At the marathon finish line , two bombs exploded and the third was blown up by the police .