Twitter is showing its value--learning far more details about the Boston bombing from social media than from watchin

Hellooooo 1D World is goinggggggg to Boston! Opens this weekend!!!!! #1DWorldBoston

internetexplorers: this is so terrible im so sad i hope all my followers living in boston near where the

BREAKING: Cops guarding a suspect in Boston hospital after explosions. Watch for updates:

Boston EMS/Police want everyone who is stuck in bars/restaurants/etc to know street sweeps are happening now. Please RT.

Our thoughts are with those affected by the tragic event at the Boston Marathon

I was 6 minutes away from qualifying for the Boston marathon. If I was 6 minutes faster I WOULD have been there today! #Pr

IF YOU'RE IN BOSTON RIGHT NOW, CALL 617-222-1212 IF YOU SEE ANYTHING SUSPICIOUS!

Boston police: At least two people died and 22 others hurt in Boston Marathon explosions.

Are u kidding me!? Bombing the Boston Marathon!!? So sad, my heart goes out to everyone who was injured!! #Disgusting

explosions at the finish line of a marathon in Boston. Now there are bomb threats everywhere

Concur. MT #Boston MT this Mr. Rogers quote.. I'm finding it oddly comforting right now htt

God is great, please don't loose site of that. This bad day in Boston could have been worse had it not been for His love for His people

I wonder if publicists for a certain major summer blockbuster are trying to muzzle their screenwriter before he gets crazy about Boston

Suspect in Boston Marathon Bombing In Custody! Being held at an area Hospital in Boston!

Officials confirm 3rd explosion at JFK Library, not sure if it's related to Boston Marathon blasts #fox5atl

Wow I just turned on the News  saw what just happened in Boston, my prayers go out to the families of the lost

On the news they said that 617.635.4500 is a number to call if you're locating loved ones in Boston.

Just heard that is ok!  Thanks to everyone for tweeting!  Scared for everyone else in Boston.  #Prayer

If you know anything about the bombings call 1 800 849 TIPS#prayforboston

Boston marathon is 1 of most celebrated public sport events in world,  takes place on Patriots Day which marks 1st battles of US revolution

Boston cops confirm 3 blasts at #BostonMarathon - 2 simultaneous  3rd approx. 4:30p.m. Visitors told to stay inside

Our crew just heard about the horrible events at the Boston Marathon. We all pass our condolences and thoughts to eve

My heart is heavy watching the Boston Marathon news. My thoughts are with the athletes, spectators, families  a

It's scary knowing that we have fiesta coming up here in SA  look what happened today in Boston. You never know wh

For every idiot with a bomb there are thousands of us dedicated to love and kindness they can never win.Hang in

reading more and more about boston is making me feel more and more sick at the world. i really dont understand people

terrible news about boston marathon. How sad for everyone involved.

Boston Police: Not 'Definitive' On Whether Explosions Were An Attack  via

To all our #EMSfamily working in #Boston we are thinking of you.

UPDATE:  Boston hospitals report more  via

MT avg Boston finish time (when most people are crossing) was 4:18 last yr. Explosion went off at 4:09:40. Most people in area

UPDATE: Police are asking everyone in Boston to stay home; if you do go out, do not travel in large groups.

3 bombs just went off in Boston (an act of terrorism!) nd y'all are worried abt Rihanna.. love the priorities guys..

I covered three Boston Marathons, always positioned at the finish. Can not comprehend what has happened. Such a special

Fuck. Just woke up to see Boston bombing. Seems they've caught a suspect. Hope all my tweeps are okay!

just got home nd finding out bout the bombs in boston. why do people show so much hatred against everyone? cant we stay in peace?

be really careful when looking up info on the boston marathon, guys. there are some extremely graphic images floating around.

Google rolls out Person Finder for those affected by Boston Marathon explosions  PLS RT

BREAKING: 'Dozens of people seriously injured' after 2 explosions near finish of Boston Marathon (via #CNN

Current understandind is there were no threats on the Boston Marathon prior/contemporaneous to this incident.

TPM: Boston PD deny reports that anyone is in custody following Boston attacks -

#Breaking: Obama briefed by FBI Director Mueller and Homeland Security Secretary Napolitano on Boston incident

I send a prayer with every heartbeat to the people out there in Boston! #prayforboston

I'm pretty sure I don't care about which news outlet you think is awesome  which one is evil; I care about 'Boston'.

Boston PD have denied reports by   is really shitty in times like this. NO oversight apparently.

Just about to take off from DC to Boston when pilot announces 1 hour delay. Unlikely to be weather related. Unlikely to

oh wow! Bomb explosion in Boston. I wonder how many human rights and civil liberties are going to be abolished in the

XOs :-( all my #boston friends- sending thoughts u r way on this difficult day. #BostonMarathon

good to know u in my head to know what I know about and what I don't. Good luck with that mentality. Still praying for Boston.

Prayers and positive thoughts go out to all in Boston during this time of chaos.

omg my heart goes out to all the people in the bombing in boston you're in my prayers #StayStrong #prayforboston

I aint gonna lie, This Boston shit got Times Square in NewYork on edge

You go to school You get shot You run a marathon  You get bombed I hate this world#prayforboston

Shut the fuck up  don't ever come to my city  Jihad in Boston: 12 dead, 50 injured  horri

Twitter is a weird place. One minute it's Boston the next it's Made in Chelsea

Obama to address nation on Boston Marathon explosions from the White House at 22:10 GMT: reports #ht

Your Boston Red Sox avi made me concerned that you could be near the bombing. :(

It's amazing to hear of the marathon runners running straight through to donate blood at Mass General #prayforboston #pro

it makes me feel sick to think people are making jokes about the Boston bombings, go get some fucking respect! #prayforb

Saudi National Under Guard After Bombing100 Wounded, According to Boston Globe

Warning, graphic  Shocking video from captures both explosions at the Boston Marathon http

Boston marathon bombings now CONFIRMED as terrorist attack.

One last reflection: Whether they are in Boston or not, if you love someone, tell them! Life is fragile  the next breath is not promised.

Per Boehner aide, a photo of Boehner and Obama speaking about Boston around 5:30 p.m. ET.

NBC News: National counter terror officials did not have any threat reporting against the Boston Maratho

Speaker Boehner spoke to President Obama today around 5:30pmET regarding the tragedy in Boston

The bombing was just confirmed as a terrorist attack. Even though I knew it was one, it still hurts. #prayforboston

Boston police commissioner just said there is no suspect in custody. So please stop spreading around false info people.

Boston Police: NO suspect in custody in #BostonMarathon bombings

Thoughts to the families of 2 dead in bomb blasts in Boston, 8 in Afghanistan, 1 in Pakistan and 31 in Iraq today. Gl

MARATHON EXPLOSIONS: Boston hospitals report 107 people brought to seven institutions for blast injuries

solve it clue style.  it was ????? with bombs at the boston marathon.  weve almost got it.  i thought candlestick at first

Obama: We still do not know who did this or why Groups responsible for (Boston) explosions will feel the full weight of justice.

It is so weird to hear President Obama talking about America standing with Boston. This whole thing is just surreal.

So the people who bombed Boston.. We're trying to kill the victims of the Sandy Hook tragedy.SMGDH #PrayForBoston

I think if there's a FUCKING BOMBING IN BOSTON WHILE WE'RE AT SCHOOL THEY SHOULD HAVE TO TELL US

is LIVE on the phone from Boston, where she was watching the race.

#Any tiny little item may solve this horrid attack,do not hesitate to tell #Federal #Investigators any item,in Boston

Obama and his people will be blaming the Right, Republicans, the NRA and gun owners before this Boston episode is over!

For any runners in Boston that need a place to stay tonight   Pls help me spread this

WTF moment with pic of Obama resting his foot against antique desk in Oval Office as he talks to FBI re: Boston Marathon bombing - lazy ass!

Our thoughts and love go out to everyone in the great city of Boston right now.

Hey. I know y'all aren't IN Boston, but you're okay? Good thoughts to you and yours.

Our hearts go out to all those affected by the #Boston tragedy.  tools:

Boston Marathon Update: The reports 12 dead; 20-year-old Saudi Arabian national being held suspect:

Are u guys still going to care about Boston in a few months.....?

One of the two people killed was an 8-year-old child, says Wolf Blitzer on CNN. #boston

President Obama: We Will Find Person Who Caused Boston Explosions  pls retweet Follow #celebrity

An 8 yr old was killed at the Boston Marathon. It's being reported on #prayersforboston

Obama had no time to call Boston Bombings a #Terrorist Attack, he's busy asking Eric Holder how do we spin this one?  #FortHood #Benghazi

Oh God, twelve perished in the Boston event.

I'm glad ESPN is reporting about Boston. Sports are so unimportant when things like this happen #prayforboston

Newtown Runners Reportedly 'Safe' Following Boston Tragedy - Newtown, CT Patch

If ur trying to find somebody or know any info abt the goings-on in Boston, check this out

Please!  Right now I'm only interested in the many, many victims in Boston.  Priorities!

SEE LIVE EXPLOSION STRIKE BOSTON MARATHON BOSTON EXPLOSION

23 injured, 2 dead after Explosion at Boston Marathon  - Apr 15 PM ET

why is everyone afraid to call it an act of terror? domestic or abroad terrorism, either way it's terrorism. #Boston

. is spreading racist lies about the events in #Boston. #BostonPD has made clear their claims are bogus. ht

@highlight

3 bombs just went off in Boston , 2 Explosions at the finish line of a marathon

@highlight

Boston Marathon : The reports 2 dead, 23 injured, 20-year-old Saudi Arabian national being held suspect

@highlight

The marathon runners running straight through to donate blood at Mass General