O: Nt thinking of Sandy, flies to Florida on Sunday, doesn't do the appearance and returns home very quickly.  Needs to look presidential.

As we clean up, NYC, let's remember that #Sandy didn't just hit the USA. Here's Cuba:

When you're the greatest city in the world, you recover from this shit quickly.  #sandy #nyc

Is there any power in manhattan? Still not heard from my brother who lives there, are cell phones working? Thank you #Sandy

These pictures are terrible  25 Incredible Pictures Of Hurricane Sandy's Destruction In New Jersey  via

The hurricane is over, but the psychological impact is unknown. Many New Yorkers seem distracted and disoriented #psychology #trauma.

#knicks vs #nets season opener has been postponed due to sandy. Looks like the knicks open vs the #heat at msg on friday!!

There are roles for both #realjournos  #citizenjournos; to me, we need a greater distinction between them in times like #Sandy. #IBTTalks

Amazing story of an Aussie mum giving birth during #Sandy. great work by nurses and docs too.

Brother in Jersey City just got power back thank heavens #sandy

Feeling so helpless for all these people who've lost everything :'( I've signed up to volunteer but still haven't heard back. #NYC #Sandy

It's a war zone here. Just got internet and cable back. Tree missed my home  hit my sheds. Streets flooded  homes leveled. #Sandy

To clients/colleagues, we are/have been 100% operational during Sandy. No technical issues, disruption of service/nor any data compromised.

Umm is sandy the reason why I can't play online on the ps3 network?

#bikenyc shop list continues to grow. Some have extended #Sandy hours. Please add any info you have.

SANDY TAKES 50 DEATHS WITHIN 15 STATES

Many trees down on the trails of CT forests - get your chainsaws out #sandy

As the daunting task of rebuilding lives and homes to those affected by Sandy's devastation, we are reminded of

FYI: All bridges into Manhattan except GWB to be HOV (3+) on Thursday #sandy #WaHI #Inwood #NYC

Off to the #DPW Yard at 40 Jennings to thank our hard-working men and women who stepped up so big for #Sandy.  Thanks for everything you do!

Traders Expected A Wild Ride In The Market Today, Here's What They Got: Traders expected a volatile post-Sandy trading day before the

Rumor has it Obama is going to walk out to Rock you like a hurricane at his next campaign event. #too soon?

Skimming the racks: Hurricane Sandy edition |

The book sale scheduled for this weekend at the North Edison Library has been canceled, due to the aftermath of Sandy.

Abu Nazir would have sent Brody to fix my downed wires by now. #Sandy #Homeland

you sure you have great seats? sandy didn't blow them away?

Sandy leaves massive blackouts, flood damage in her wake: As the most powerful storm to hit the U.S. Northeast i

So now that there is no school for the week Who's throwing a Hurricane Sandy Party

I hope you get some relief soon. My family lost all their power. Hurricane Sandy has done a lot of damage.

Wishing our fellow New Yorkers and all those affected by #Sandy well. Stay safe out there. Let's work together to bring the community back.

.#Artists impacted by #Sandy? Tap into the Craft Emergency Relief Fund.

Parks are still closed says Mayor. #Sandy

Bloomberg: #NYC public schools closed for rest of the week; teachers return Friday #sandy

I hope and all my jersey friends are okay after Sandy

lmao you're expecting another hurricane

Groupon $GRPN shares hit as merchants struggle in wake of storm Sandy - Groupon postponing some deals in Northeast

My little Sandy is sick of the doorbell ringing already:

MT Stay informed: Listen to local officials for reports if water is safe to drink/safe to use to prepare food. #Sandy

(Utica OD) The American Red Cross urges blood donations after Sandy: The American Red Cross urges blood donati

Being stuck on the bus cuz of a powerlines  #Sandy. Actually, being on the bus, anytime

Does that angle make me look fat? #shitcranessay  She's still hanging on #crane #sandy

Our thoughts go out to all our friends in and around NYC  #sandy #nycflood

NY City Marathon is on - says the  mayor. Good news for the city after Sandy.

The just said the New York City Marathon will go on! #Sandy  #INGNYCMarathon. Team is setup and ready!

BREAKING: Nets-Knicks Thursday night opener postponed till Saturday night. #Sandy

We've all had our share of hurricane sandy small talk this week. Today i am tweeting ideas for segueing away from hurricane talk. #sandytalk

Thank you to all the new likes, Sandy has keep us busy but, even living at the Jersey shore we managed to come

So many Jersey plates right now, the shore is having a mass exodus #Jersey #Sandy

Nets-Knicks Postponed Due To Sandy; Opener At Barclays Center Saturday

Manhattan bridge and the flooded East River #sandy #hurricane #nyc  Brooklyn

Smart Meters Help Pepco Speed Sandy Restoration  (via

Some are asking why Sandy remained so strong as she came ashore.  I have a few thoughts at:

yeah we didn't get the worst stuff from sandy.

Come in for your Sandy Survival Blow out! we have power, a great wash + blow dry to go with it. call today!

Mayor #Bloomberg says carpool or you won't get on bridges. #Sandy aftermath #nbc4ny

Does anyone know if NBa going to start thunder vs spurs earlier due to hurricane sandy?

I look like I was attacked by hurricane Sandy. #ScrubOfTheYear #Ugly #SorryNotSorry

Morgan Lentes, an OU student currently in NYC interning for the Today Show, recounts her experience with #Sandy to W

Wall Street firms and U.S. banks scramble to raise cash as U.S. financial markets resumed normal trading after Sandy.

Sandy brings people closer together looking for comfort and treats

[Hurricane Sandy] International inbound call issues - Wednesday 31st October 2012 at 19:30 | SureVoIP

Yippee! Returning to the Boardwalk: Atlantic City #Cats Post-#Sandy

halloweens been cancelled for me because if hurricane sandy :(

How To Slow Down A Hurricane: As the damage estimates from Superstorm Sandy start to ring up in billions, the

Damnn sandy hurt  long beach ode , hopeee all you are good out there 3

WTF!! LOOTING EMPTY HOUSES AND STEALING GENERATORS IN LONG ISLAND!! THANKS SANDY smfh ^

The continuing saga of Hurricane Sandy:  As it turns out, there was some damage to Oneida Trail cottage.  A large

Sandy: NY airports and stock exchange reopen; NJ devastated -  via

Continuing to think positive thoughts and prayers to all those dealing with the #Sandy aftermath.

Just pulled the ultimate Sandy refugee move: went into Sephora and did all of my make-up. #UES #blackout

I would love to be watching it except we have no power from Sandy

Day off again. still had no power. Wonderful, that walk-in sure will be fun to clean out #kitchenproblems #sandy #blackout

Why do people not understand the broken window fallacy? #sandy

Form for SNAP recipient households who have lost food bought w benefits due to #sandy:

I survived the largest hurricane in world history!

New York's art world counts the damage done by Hurricane Sandy: Galleries have been damaged by r  #TeamFollowBack

maayybbeeee ;) hahahaa, any sign of the hurricane over there?:)

Eff u Sandy ur not gonna mess up my tweetin game *z snaps*

I hope for the Northeast that Sandy is like Duke. A lot of talk beforehand, but chokes when it gets to the Big Dance

what's your status after Hurricane Sandy?

I hope everyone made it through the hurricane OK!  We are having some intermittent problems with power and with

Instagram filters can't make the chasm in your soul look chic. #happytweet #Sandy

This Hurricane shit made a lot of damages fuck Sandy You a bitcchh .

Sandy did damage to my NY fam __

Hurricane Sandy just had to fuck up Halloween

Many offices are offering work space to companies stranded by Sandy search #sandycoworking

Major Concerns in Haiti in the Wake of Hurricane Sandy

Ikr. How was sandy in your area??? You guys good??

hey boop Sandy messing up our money lol

Hi! We've had to pause notifying the winner because our office is closed from the hurricane. Hang tight. Thanks! xo

MT View of partially blown off cover above dome  destroyed entrance  cc #Sandy

My Halloween Was Ruin Because Of Hurricane Sandy :( Wish You Could make It Better 3

Sandy's Silver Lining: Did Flooding Kill New York's Rats?

god that's dumb. if sandy depresses turnout it'll be in republican-leaning areas. philly is (mostl) fine, people wal

Don't  see the wisdom in diverting valuable resources incl #NYPD from NYC residents suffering #Sandy's wrath

From this nurse to all the nurses  Dr.'s during the hurricane. God bless you!

is airing a marathon of the 2nd largest disaster to hit New Jersey: #JerseyShore. #Sandy #Classless

These people should have been given better info before the storm hit. Big failure on Hurricane Preparedness. Poor people

Sandy leaves behind destruction in East Coast

Please let us know or if you know of a good volunteer opportunity and we will help spread the word! #Sandy

BIG THX for letting us work out of Amazing what  friendship  a lot of electricity :) does for the soul! #Sandy

Is trick or treat really so important that it needs to be rescheduled in light of a hurricane?

i knowww! fuckin hate sandy and shes txtin me

Kids can feel stressed from natural disasters like Hurricane Sandy. Eve Gotham discusses symptoms  strategies tonight on Channels 9 10.

A week before a close election, superstorm Sandy has confounded the presidential race, halted early voting in many

Fuck Sandy she just mad caause irene got pipped  she didn't #jealousbitch !

QA sheet for displaced Fairfield Beach student residents:  #Sandy #fudj

Did not even notice the tree blown over in my yard when I got home #Sandy

Happy Halloween  Haven't left the house since Sandy  Can't wait to get out and party  Edgecombe

So many cars heading north still. #Sandy

So how did you guys fare at the hands of Sandy?

Want to help w/ #Sandy response? Get involved w CrisisCamp. One's mtg Lab on 11/3, 10:30a.

Steven Minsky posted a blog post: Steven Minsky posted a blog postHurricane Sandy and the RIMS ERM Conference 20

As of 2:00 pm EDT October 31 there are 6,062,526 customers without power in the affected States.#Sandy #p2

And that kicks in loooooooong before you get up to hurricane force winds.

Hurricane update: 7 to 10 days with no power. When the phones are up we will give everyone a call. Kids happy no school. Everyone's fine.

Did #Climate Change Cause Hurricane #Sandy? --- Yes! | Observations, Scientific American Blog Network  via

Manheim Issues #Hurricane #Sandy Storm Alert for Affected Locations

Cool  Creepy. 5 Best Timelapse Videos Of Hurricane Sandy In Action  via

#sandy And this was a big tree. Now I know why my #budgie s freaked out at 3am tht night

our crew's inability to get to work coupled with a lack of deliveries because of the hurricane made us cut short our day. Sorry!

On behalf of the entire Xativa Team Sending our thoughts  best wishes to everyone affected by Superstorm Sandy.

Two boys missing after being swept away by Sandy in Staten Island - New York Daily News

The Times building pictures of NYC are now a nice movie showing #Sandy take on NYC.

Prayin 4 the people t hit by Sandy!!!!!!!!

Aftermath of Hurricane Sandy on the Jersey Shore boardwalk. Smh. #sad

The US National Guard is on hand to offer rescue and relief to flood victims occasioned by Super Storm Sandy. In Nigeria, the committees

I AM SEEING HURRICANE SANDY ON ITS WAY AND 10 FT OF WATER IS RISING

If we wait for fear to stop before we become proactive, few of us would ever do anything. ~ Sandy Brewer

I KNOW.  Blame Sandy.  I do.

Best way to pass time during #Sandy has been crushing The Big Payback by - fascinating/motivating must-read http

#teamromney announced they support #FEMA it took 48 hours after #sandy now that's cracker jack staff work #obama

Sandy's blackouts could equal bad news for science.

is working round the clock 2 keep u updated on #Sandy. Much LOVE 2 them. #BLISandyUpdate  Shot of subway stop

Yep, lol :) An earthquake three years ago, and now a hurricane. Thank GOD we didn't have flooding. (I live on a mountain, lol)

I believe they've been operating on backup generators since Sandy, so this was a (somewhat) planned evacuation.

Dry vans, flatbeds may see strong boost as result of hurricane, ATA reports - The Trucker

Hurricane Sandy: Television Production Slowly Resumes

Getting bored with no power no Internet no phone services and no tv because of #Sandy. Can't wait to go to work but not until Monday.

Mitt vs. the Hurricane: His Forgotten Katrina History, and the Preferences of a Political Fixer  via

Does the Obama-Christie Hurricane bromance have one of those 'cute' mashed-up nicknames yet?

#gtamtv Welcome Packets delayed due to Sandy. We have received everyone's RSVPs. Hope to send it out tomorrow . . .

MT Want to help after #sandy? list of places to volunteer, contribute across the 5 boros

No hurricane, blackout, or flood will stop my parents from arguing with each other. #NYProud #Sandy

Sandy piss off.. I want candy.

Fuck this hurricane now ma TV aint working twwwwww

Pretty sure I'm gonna be obese again because of sandy. Need to stop eating

Have you been using social media to get in touch with family and friends in the #Sandy zone? I know I have:

Netflix and Papa John's are the only things that got me through Sandy.

is the region of covering #newyork #newjersey. Follow them for the latest on how to apply for aid, how to be safe #sandy

Evening Hurricane Sandy Update for Residents of Berkeley Heights, New Providence and Summit:

Inside a hurricane shelter for people with special needs: The basketball courts where I sometimes shoot h  #bronx

ATT and T-Mobile strike roaming pact to improve service after Sandy  (via

Dear - The same Americans praying during #Sandy DO give a damn about this election, and so do I. #RomneyRyan2012

Kudos to ATT and T-Mobile for doing their part to aid in relief for those affected by Hurricane Sandy. Our

#GOP Mitch McConnell is livid that #Romney can't lie enough 2 disrupt relief efforts. #sandy LIVE #FEMA MSNBC

Smh ya heffas ain't have school all week sandy regulated ny!!!

When I first heard about hurricane sandy I actually thought people were making fun of the Sandy the squirrel in SpongeBob ._.

a hurricane just hit. I'm not going anywhere for a loooong time!

Everybody Thought SANDY Wasnt Gon Do MuchBet That Bitch Showed Her ASS All UpDown The EAst Coast

author offers manuscript critique in #KidLitCares - please bid  help #Sandy relief effort!

#Sandy I am feel so sad for all you people :( God bless you!!!

#NYC after #Sandy (outside my dad's office building).

Obama: 'We're going to be here for the long haul'  via #Sandy

#Halloween has been suspended (thx #Sandy). Does this mean I can or can't start eating the #candy?

the takeaway from #Sandy is simple: our infrastructure is crumbling, and we are too cheap, selfish, and myopic to invest in upgrading it

Is Planned Parenthood doing abortions today despite Hurricane Sandy? #askingforafriend

Hearing for #Haverstraw town's Minisceongo Park development, which may include #Walmart, is rescheduled to Nov. 14. #sandy

Target couldn't keep up with pre-hurricane demand for supplies  via

A.B. Stoddard: Sandy Doesn't Help Bam - The Rush Limbaugh Show

People can help victims of #Sandy is vote out of office on Nov 6tth  the SOB Obama murderer of 4 brave  Americans  #Sandy

How social media told the story of Hurricane Sandy

My prayers are with all those that were affected by Sandy. #Sandy

Just noticed, thanks to Sandy, my beautiful friend Britney has 21.5 million followers.  She follows me.#fuckoffifudonthave21500092followers

' T-Mobile and ATT Join Forces to Keep Customers Connected After Sandy: T-Mobile and ATT have jo

New Jersey Continues to Cope With Hurricane Sandy: A large part of this New Jersey city of 50,000 people remained under several feet

#guardian A tale of two New Yorks: Sandy splits city but its residents band together #mlfeeds: While the confusi

shitttt sandy really fucked shit up lol do you know whether their phones are working now ?

Check out on discussing possible connections b/t #Sandy and #GlobalWarming -

National Guard troops to rescue thousands in #Hoboken still trapped by floodwaters from #Sandy

Haiti struggles in Hurricane Sandy aftermath - Vision Insights and New Horizons: Haiti struggles in Hurricane Sa

Difference between and hurricane #Sandy? Sandy's destruction on America only took 2 days #Obamajealousy

are you ok??? Sandy mess up nj. :(

So, this is what being a hurricane victim is like..

Looks like I'm going to be heading somewhere that got some real #Sandy damage this weekend. Details to come.

wowsers ur in the area with the hurricane Stay safe !!!!!!!!!

I have missed twitter  u! we lost power due 2 Hurricane Sandy. best day ever! power back!!!!!!!!!!! lol

4 ERVs teams were deployed today, bringing the total number of ND ARC volunteers assisting with Sandy to 9! Thanks everyone for all you do!

Governor Chris Christie is speaking with President Obama after touring the devastated areas from #Hurricane #Sandy.

Sports PT Hurricane Sandy Update  via #constantcontact

:( some things are always the same, no matter where you live! Have fun tonight!  stay safe if Sandy is still there!

o yea i 4 got sandy was up there. R yall ok??

Obama isn't fooling me that he cares by going to see all the hurricane stuff. If the election wasn't in 6 days, he'd never be there.

So I was ready to beat Sandy ass until she kicked mine. I better not meet anyone with the name Sandy. It's Onnnnn!!

Two days without the internet. Hurricane Sandy has proven far more horrific than i possibly could have imagined

#taxes #newyork Homeowners hit by Sandy could get tax break - MarketWatch: MarketWatchHomeowners hit by Sandy co

Volunteers are needed students and anyone else for Hurricane Sandy aftermath cleanup  #ToServe

#HappyHalloween ! cade a sandy pra tocar o terror hj?

Gov Christie throughout this process has been responsive and aggressive - President Obama  #Sandy

Is there a way I can donate money to the victims of #Sandy without any money going to New Jersey?

You don't just ask how a hurricane is!

Hurricane Sandy: First World edition. [VIDEO]

I want to know who the hell be naming the hurricanes 1st it was hurricane Katrina now hurricane sandy! Its funny how it's names 4 hurricanes

today is not a happy halloween for me i cant go trick or treating till sunday cause of the weather Cause (hurricane)

ATT, T-Mobile to Share Networks In Hurricane Zone -  ATT, T-Mobile to Share Networks In Hu

sandy ass brought in old man winter n shit

Tomorrow's game vs the Nets is been cancelled. We are still working hard. Thoughts are w/ everyone affected by Hurricane Sandy

MM DOWN?! Thanks #Sandy .. alright guys..  we got some work to do

We grieve for all who suffer loss from Sandy. Would be a luxury for us to put all  focus on them as we want_for our entire country at stake

Against all Sandy travel odds, both Matt Brodie and Art Werner have made it to California for the ClientWhys Tax Update Seminar. Relief!

tech news: ATT, T-Mobile Sign Roaming Deal for Areas Hit by Hurricane Sandy - PC Magazine: VentureBeatATT, T-M

Maybe I shouldve rephrased that tweet for slow niggs like Neesha ol' long torso, Sandy Cheeks lookin ass.

BRIGANTINE, N.J. (AP) _ Obama to those recovering from superstorm Sandy: `We are here for you, and we will not forget'

wish everyone and their families affected by sandy safety and peace of mind:)

Someone who is stuck at home for a few more days whole NYC recovers from Sandy.

Hurricane #Sandy tidal surge came within six inches of flooding water pumps that cool Oyster Creek, NJ nuclear reactor.

Galveston's Great Storm of 1900 where 6000+ died    One reason #Sandy wasn't  via

Pres. Obama is speaking about Hurricane Sandy in Brigantine, NJ right now on 6abc

also shouldve donated some of the millions from his campaign fund to the hurricane victims #greedyfuck

what's going to happen for all those people in NY who have Chipotle's near them but are shut down because of the hurricane?

Hearing reports that Obama took care to follow Sandy VERY CAREFULLY.  Hmm.wonder how carefully he watched the Benghazi attacks.

Watching the President speak about #Sandy. Gov. Christie's praise is well deserved.

giving free sessions to travelers stranded due to #Sandy. Well done guys!

I'm sorry, I'm 2 quick to judge! Im sure hot sauce in coffee isn't that bad! ;) Going a little #stircrazy myself!! #sandy

Like when hurricane ike it us nobody gave a shot and we had way more damage than they do now

All these peope on my timeline talking about trick or treating tonight while i stay at home because the hurricane ruined it.

Kathleen Blanco, gov. of Louisiana when Hurricane Katrina struck  in 2005, tells me that NJ must brace for short term fiscal problems

Are  insurance companies going to pay up or weasel out of their settlements for #sandy ,they have $$billions

30% of sales from going to American Red Cross for #sandy relief help. Nice move folks.

Ok it was fun at first. Now I have just never been so bored in my life. #sandy #letsgoout

CALL 1800621FEMA for assistance if you were affected by hurricane Sandy

To anyone buying a used car in the next 6 months- make sure you get the origin of the car. A lot of stranded #Sandy cars will be for sale.

So I have class on Election Day to make up for cancelled classes because of Sandy- So   when am I supposed to have time to go vote?!

T-Mobile and ATT Join Forces to Keep Customers Connected After Sandy  Please RT :)

Sandy bringing it back to the days when people had to talk with one another.

If you were in Sandy's path immediate help is being provided by FEMA .  The website for Fema Disaster Relief   #Sandy

Mayor says NYC Marathon to go on in wake of Sandy: NEW YORK - Mayor Michael Bloomberg says the NYC Mara  #wichita

Dealing With The Aftermath of Hurricane Sandy: In the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy many Northern Virginians are

Small Businesses and Sandy: Where Do You Go Post-Hurricane? | Fox Small Business Center  via

First Sandy, now Sandy scams  #investing

Shares of General Cable Corp. slid 3.6 percent on Wednesday on the first day of trading since Hurricane Sandy closed

How are people going to say that sandy is going to cost more damage than Katrina? People are still recovering from Katrina.

The major world cities that might not survive the next #Sandy

Mr Trump, how about donate $5 millions to the people affected by #Sandy instead of seeing Obama's transcript record.

I know you're in Jersey, but can you tour the #rockaway peninsula please? My town would appreciate it. #sandy

R Is Sandy just the beginning? Experts warn of superstorm era to come:  #Sandy #ClimateChange #weather

Why sandy? The beach is sandy, not a hurricane goddamit

Some Help for Artists, Galleries, Private Collections  Museum Impacted by Hurricane Sandy

bitch u look like u was in hurricane sandy by the head/face

BREAKING NEWS:The Knicks-Nets game today York will be postponed due to Hurricane Sandy

Don, how about you donate the $5 Mill you promised Obama, to the relief efforts of Sandy? As a NY'er, I think you should.

He had them the WHOLE sandy.

Inside NY hospitals as staff raced to protect patients from #Sandy

To some people Sandy is just a story on the news

Sadly no plans for halloween tonight due to the recent hurricane screwing up the weather so now just chillen, gotta love tv!

RateTake: Wall St ends flat, tech shares dip after Sandy shutdown

#Sandy has messed up everything not even sure am getting paid on Friday

U kept out da way of the hurricane ova there then lol !

Hurricane Sandy investment ideas from lumber and materials to pumps and infrastructure. $WFT, $GNRC, $BECN, $GVA, $P

Verizon can send my bill for my data to sandy #nowifi

My heart goes out to those who have suffered from Hurricane Sandy. Your doing a great job, keep up the good work.

I like the post-#Sandy stories, like the food-and-flowers giveaway at Whole Foods in Battery Park City. And the happy rescue

Hey everyone thank god we r ok just for. Back lastnight the power! #sandy u suck

People don't have houses from the hurricane n I'm complaining about getting bored passing out candy outta my heated house. I'm an idiot

Yeah karina mad parties out after niggas just got hit by a hurricane..lol

Walking the Queensboro Bridge to get home due to Hurricane Sandy

Jefferson Man, 51, Killed After Tree Crashes in House:  #rip #sandy

Obama assures military aircraft  helicopters to help w/Sandy aftermath (as he should do) but NO AC-130 for Woods  Doherty #Benghazi #tcot

Just saw your comment on blog post pre-Sandy! Did you make out OK?

Even in the midst of Sandy, we have to vote on Tuesday! #Vote #TeamObama #TeamBarack #2012

7200 Flights Canceled Due to Hurricane Sandy: Check Your Status:

Market fair just turned into a refuge of macbooks and cellphones #sandy

Glad to see you're doing #TRAVEX in NYC post Sandy. Not sleet, nor snow, nor hurricane.

If this hurricane hit new orleans they would laugh lol.

Help the survivors of Hurricane #Sandy: suggests a financial contribution  giving blood. More:

Just saw 6 ambulances in a row hauling ass down #Flatbush. Fucking hell. #emt #sandy

Damn sandy, why'd you have to make it so cold? #brrr

First the Grinch stole Christmas and now Sandy stole Halloween #smh #nyc

Flemington, NJ: Gas line on highway blocks from the station. Every station that still HAS gas is the same #Sandy

movie1212 with 7 Ways to Help Victims of Superstorm Sandy Online  via

#sandy nyc sirens in midtown west.  what's the deal?

Finally a break in the rain from #sandy. About 9 in in the rain catcher, basement dry so far. Pix.

Damn you #Sandy! You've made things very stressful and I don't even live on the east cost. Still hoping to leave FRI for

RT Seems states affected by Sandy should just implement purple finger protocol for voting.

New post: New York Shitty Street Seating Du Jour: Special Post-Sandy Edition (

While this is the Sandy we all wanted this is not the Sandy we got!!! My prays go to all in Sandy's path.

Looks like #Sandy got ahold of Amare's Range Rover. #Knicks

President Barack Obama has toured the state of New Jersey, to survey the devastation two days after the huge storm, Sandy.

No work tomorrow eitha .. Sandy playn wit my bread

For one reporter, Twitter a lifeline, not without pitfalls, during Sandy

Third time lucky! Hubs is on the way to the Dubs. You lose, Sandy.

How We Kept the Wine Flowing During Sandy

At least sandy let up so kids could go trick or treating guess shes not a bitch after all

The gratitude-to-complaint ratio remains astonishingly high two days after Sandy. It's throwing me off. Keep it up, humanity!

#SafetyTip If you must use candles, dont burn them on/near anything that can catch fire.  #Sandy #outage

LGA Airport will reopen tomorrow at 7:00 AM. #Sandy

Hurricane Sandy ran a lady's SVU off the road and as the lady was holding her 2 sons, the wind blew them away and now they're missing.

I'm really terrified of boats. Like, really terrified. Thanks, #Sandy. #StatenIsland

Public library in Freeport, NY is packed with people charging cell phones and using the Internet. Even had to open up extra rooms. #sandy

Finally back home, this hurricane sandy ordeal is over

If I had a lit more motivation, I could have had some nice hurricane abs Instead I'm hurricane obese :(

We are just wanting to send our support, love and light out to those who have had to face Hurricane Sandy! Stay

The Battery Park Underpass still fully flooded. #Sandy #NYC #SandyNYC

When I leave my windows open during hurricane sandy#worstroommateever

The Cut Hurricane Sandy No Longer an Excuse for Dressing Down, Apparently:                 If, lik  (#fashion)

VIDEO: It's one thing for Romney not to answer a question - but after being asked 14 times?!  #sandy #NowWithAlex

Just when I'm going to get caught up on my email, Gmail goes down. Think it's #Sandy's fault?

Socialist tripe: New York Riot Police Prepare for Hurricane Sandy

Thank you sandy for canceling my shift today.

Only Way Nation Will Pay Attention To Climate Change Is If Julia Roberts Dies In Hurricane

GOOGLE IS DOWN. GMAIL IS DOWN. YOUTUBE IS DOWN. SANDY, I KNOW THIS IS YOUR FAULT SOMEHOW.

Some heart wrenching photos of the devastation wrought by hurricane Sandy in Caribbean

NYPD cop dies after saving family from Sandy: NEW YORK Among the 22 people killed in New York City as a result o

if you built an ark just in case to prepare for hurricane sandy #urprobablyjewish

So when do you realize what a mistake you've become and press the reset button?  How ARE you helping New York? #Sandy

AZ aid headed to hurricane zone: A retired Phoenix-area psychologist is headed to New York to help in A  #phoenix

Farmers and ranchers urged to record losses from Hurricane Sandy

Bloggin ain't easy in a hurricane disaster area. News  images regarding the damage,  my blog  #HurricaneSandy #CT

yeah imma need it. Stupid sandy hada screw shit up! *smh*

Cancellation of events this weekend due to storm Sandy #constantcontact

Lol. Some religious nut claims hurricane Sandy was caused by gay people. This is the world we live in.

Really impressed by the work of  many other publicists, writers, editors in Sandy's aftermath.

Because of you, Sandy, the Zombie Mud Run that Ive been looking forward to for a month is postponed a week and I cant do it #UnluckyDanielle

The Hurricane Sandy destruction in New York / New Jersey areas in microcosm by Evan Brockett  #newyork #flickr

ATT, T-Mobile to share networks to help after Sandy: ATT, T-Mobile will team up to help get people connected o

My heart  prayers go out to all who were affected by this unbelievable disaster #Sandy

Sandy really fckd shxt up for mad pplsmh.

[FUNNY VIDEO] Hurricane Horse? Hilarious  #tech #technology #funny #bizrt #bizitalk #sandy

- Of course, it was either the Libyans, the Syrians, or Nancy Pelosi that caused #Sandy.

What the  I'm supposed to drive under that?!? Thanks #cityofnorwalk #sandy

And did u know that Canada was hit by a 7.7 magnitude earthquake that triggers tsunami alarm at Hawaii? Banyak lg kot kes other than Sandy.

How are you Nichole? No Sandy for you?

Former SC 1st Lady Rachel Hodges helping with the Red Cross phone bank for victims of Sandy. To help call 803 647 0299.

How do you cancel Halloween? lol damn Sandy.

maybe their power is out or just got back on like mine did. Or maybe they're worried about family/friends affected by Sandy?!

I geniuely dislike the fact that Sandy didn't kill my dubstep lovi'n neighbors ability to play their god awful cock in ear music.

New Jersey Governor Christie officially postpones Halloween to Monday. Yes, really. #Sandy

So what's happening to the #rat population during the #Hurricane #Sandy aftermath? Find out if they pose a health risk:

Hurricane Sandy: View From Above  via Video,

Glad to hear that in NYC has survived hurricane Sandy OK but is still without any power

Gossip Girl was cancelled cause of Sandy:( #ruinedmyday

USCongrees Floor is 'flooded'..Calling FEMA Coz Toad Akin 4Got 2Change Sandy's Diaper..

i'm starving and we haven't gone grocery shopping since before sandy. so bad, but i think i'm going to go drive thru mcdonalds.

Tiny miracle amid hurricane from hell - The West Australian :

Yesterday, we reported that the White House and FEMA had encouraged people impacted by Hurricane Sandy to go to

I keep forgetting its Halloween. Thanks #Sandy

Please check in and let us know how you're managing through the aftermath of Sandy!

Hope everyone is okay after the hurricane!

Superstorm Sandy: Obama tours devastated New Jersey  onissuenews

Now its hurricane sandi ? Next maybe hurricane amanda

Shout out my New Jerusalem cats!#Sandy

Who's built the Crisis Map? Geeks Without Bounds Organizes Hackathons to help crisis response for Sandy

Dunes along LC-39 wiped out by Hurricane #Sandy last weekend when it passed 200 miles east of KSC.

Poll: Nearly 8 in 10 approve of Obama's Sandy response:  via

[Star] Hurricane Sandy: White House cancels annual Halloween celebration amid superstorm recovery  #Leafs

I'm an expert at fixing things that flop, choose me! #sandy #crane

sad to say our east coast deliveries have been delayed. wishing all our east coast friends a safe and speedy recovery! #sandy

the hurricane, wind or named storm deductible is not a fee.It is a deduction from your policy for losses caused by the peril

Sandy Cancels Knicks-Nets Opener: The brand-new Barclays Center in Brooklyn will have to wait a little while lon

Romney set this hurricane up so we can't vote for Obama

Obama, Republican Christie tour storm-hit New Jersey, trade praise #sandy #praying

watching abc news and they're doing a story about hoboken. isn't that where you are? hope you're well, if so. #sandy #sandynj

so i honestly think hurricane sandy has effected us, the rain, wind and thunder is badddd!!

I don't have school the rest of the week thx sandy

AMEIIIII A NOVA MUSICA DA SANDY *-*

Woow!!!! I'd love too this!!!! Maybe not in a Hurricane though

I wonder if Sandy got STD's simply by passing over the Jersey Shore.

Are any #authors pulling together to #donateroyalties from 4th quarter to #NYC and #NJ area disaster relief #Sandy? Would anyone like to?

I feel so bad for all the people whose homes got destroyed from the hurricane. It's heartbreaking and not fair.

Happy Halloween, CEL. For those of you who are postponing trick or treating due to Hurricane Sandy, we hope you

The Port Authority of NY and NY said LaGuardia Airport would reopen Thursday. Get the latest #Sandy updates:

Extended Early Decision Deadlines After Hurricane Sandy  #CollegeCash

this is about that one time when I had the perfect #zombiejaneausten #halloween outfit and #sandy #cockblock

East coast is recharging with and is loading up to head that way! Stay safe, everyone! #Sandy

How the #Frankenstorm came to life - my story  #hurricane #Sandy

Not even counting the whole hurricane awfulness, I'd have rather had a Saturday #RBNY match. But would rather be able to have it than not

Finally putting my hurricane survival kit to use as I sneak around the house so as to not let trick or treaters know I'm home.

Not so much with the hurricane planning for you, then.

Howwhere can I offer my home to misplaced ppl of sandy?

Started a fire on this cold October night #sandy #postsandy #cold #newjersey #jerseyshore

After #Sandy: With SOM Chicago yesterday discussing urban #resilience and #sustainability planning for China

This is redickk i have a basketball game monday night, how am i gonna trick or treat.sandy screwed everything up #FML

#Sandy cancelled trick or treat, and my little girl was devastated--until she got her fav hot chocolate and some Halloween gifts!

Hurricane Sandy: All Hunterdon high schools will stay closed for the rest of week: Many elementary schoo  #neward

#home Re: Lessons from Sandy - Buy a Dorcy light:

MT Sandy Coworking lists available NYC work spaces:  Built on platform!

As we watch the US shocked by damage of #Sandy,we must pay attention to leading #climatechange adaptation work of CSIRO h

Wow I am shocked. Lots of peeps at our Wegs eating chilling charging  watching #Sandy coverage on TV.

So according to ya us who can't work bc of the hurricane aren't allowed to get paid bc out houses didn't get major damage?

Millie  I were prepared for the storm #4flashlights #sandy #hurricane #wind #powerneverwentout #imscared

25% of Cell Towers Hit by Sandy Still Down  via Alex Fitzpatrick

Lights are back on after #Sandy ! And I think all the freezer food is gonna be OK. I know how concerned you all were about it.

Hang in there grandma sandy. I love you.

They postponing halloween in some places bcuz of sandy thats crazy smh..lol woww

Catching up on last week's #5decisionsaway #podcast Thank u 4 the laughs  support w my #powerout here in NY #Sandy

What's Open and Closed Around Eastchester After Sandy

Very happy with the news! Thank you Sandy!

Hurricanes have happened for eons. You can't have one hurricane and then scream global warming.

#MTA #Subway update: Here is a map detailing tomorrow's subway access.  #Sandy

Stellar Examples of Post-Sandy Customer Service -  via

EXCLUSIVE: Dina Lohan's Neighborhood -- Ravaged By Hurricane Sandy  via

Hurricane dropped in price from $2.99 to $1.99. Get it now!  #app

Hurricane Sandy Broke Only 10 Percent of New York Area's Internet  via Arik Hesseldahl

Sandy is a dumb slut. Fuck that bitch

last night for voting on Sandy's movember stache! I'm clean shaved and ready to mo!

Volunteers needed for study: Surveying the Effects of Sandy on Libraries, Archives, and Museums. Pls share

Shuttle Enterprise damaged by Sandy: #space #nasa  Updates

We are open for drinks and food! #sandy #afterwork #happyhour #nyc #nightlife Volstead

We've loved Warren Brown's beautiful work in response to Hurricane Sandy. All the best to the people of the

Iran claims responsibility for Sandy hurricane

For real Oscar, that's what we are waiting for--hit the gym/hit that track. USA is quite sad right now after storm Sandy.

Donate to the Red Cross and Hurricane Sandy relief directly from the App Store  via

Water conservation tips post-#Sandy. Points out need for every home/household to have emergency water supply on hand.

Sending our thoughts to those of you effected by #sandy as you rebuild. Your strength inspires us

Occupy Wall Street Organizers and Coordinate Hurricane Sandy Response Effort #OWS #OccupyDC htt  ht

There aren't a lot of kids out b/c of Sandy. I live in Toronto so its a lot of rain and wind out there. Got a few kids though.

Foto: connieeliu: just sketching using markers #crazylady #blaze #hurricane #sketch #abstract #art

I feel sorry for the kids, #halloween is ruin cause of #Sandy.

Hope this starts a trend!  #give #sandy News Corp To Donate $1MM For Hurricane Sandy Relief Efforts  via

Foundation in foreground. Rest of house in background. #sandy #statenisland #foxbeach

brilliant!! Just doing Sandy clean up and my girls asking why So many citrus fruit in the ice bin. Smart eggeggs.

Our humble abode for the night welcomes us. #airbnb #sandy  East Side

#Sandy #NY For info on shelters, roads, schools, emergency contacts, etc. in #UlsterCounty, look here:  #hmrd

// I hate the religion because it's forced down my throat, but I'm praying for everyone who's lost everything because of Sandy

Can't let Sandy stop Clyde from lookin' Dandy.

Be careful with drinking water from #sandy it might contain sewage or gasoline

Catholic Charities works to assess, relieve damage from Hurricane Sandy: Washington D.C., Oct 31, 2012 / 05:17 p

glad you're all right! fuck sandy indeed. :/

waves regulations to allow gas merchants to buy fuel out of state in light of long gas lines #sandy

#Apple Post-lockup Facebook, post-shakeup Apple fall as Wall Street reopens after Sandy: Many   #iphone #ipad#IOS

Youngest daughter dressed as Sandy from Grease. 3 people guessed right  couple others said Madonna and Katy Perry. Waiting on a Lady Gaga.

Happy Halloween!: it's been a rough week, what with that slut Sandy going around and blowing everybody for the p

Wish id say Happy #Halloween.Tdy many ppl r going through real scary moments,4 them life will never b the same bc #san

Woah every body do u saw sandy Hurricane in america its so strong 24 ppl for sorry die and happy halloween for every budy!

and  just boarding one of the few flights out of Newark airport NJ. Home soon from Sandy.

What a coincidence - both Sandy Duncan and Hurricane Sandy have one eye.

My Niqqa Barack Gave Jersey Bout 7.8 Million To Fix What Sandy Did. Romney Would Of Let Our Ass Suffer

So sad. Halloween has been declining in our neighborhood. Sandy was the death knell. No kids yet :-(

For those who went through the disaster of Hurricane Sandy, I want you all to know I hope you're doing okay 3

Hurricane Sandy: Freeze on politics affects key races for Congress, too: The presidential campaigns ar  #politics

Thank you to + for offering their #PowerAndAShower program in this #Sandy aftermath #SoChargedAndSoClean

Hurricane Sandy: Chinatown Black Market Emerges As Vendors Hawk Batteries, Candles, Outlets: Less than 48 hours

Can I get some luv in Jersey who's Halloween was cancelled  no power for 2 days!! :/ #sandy

My new post: Let's Politicize #Sandy  via Climate change is real. RW actions make it so. Time to stop 'em.

New Yorkers are the best!  more hurricane kindness

Super storm Sandy scares away Halloween - Los Angeles Times: New York TimesSuper storm Sandy scares away Hallowe

Not only should you be grateful if you got your power back on, but you should also be grateful that your still alive through this hurricane

RTLIVE NOW: NJ Gov Chris Christie holds press conference on #Sandy recovery

Sandy was drawlin i just had to check on her ,

My pay check for this week is gonna be nothing  I'll he working one day because sandy took my regular days Lol nice

Salute everyone helping all those affected by Sandy. The Red Cross is looking for many volunteers to help

Anyone know of any running/open gas stations in #Bloomfield #NJ #Essex County??? Please! TY PLZ RT #NJwx #sandy #njproblems

Watch Now: Hurricane Sandy Coverage Ignores Global Warming  Climate Change  #globalwarming #in

'Meteorological bomb' or climate change? Experts eye Sandy's cause -  via Shareaholic

Obama will blame Hurricane Sandy on the rich.

How the hell this WHOLE ENTIRE HAIR STORE RAN OUT OF WEAVE??!! She said they was out a day before Sandy. Wth

I wonder if the #GOP would prefer President #Obama perform worse in response to #Sandy so that he won't get re-elected.

Meek Mill Says Debut Album Will 'Sustain Itself,' Despite Sandy: 'I ain't really trippin' on the first week, man,' Meek tell

UN headquarters in New York is still closed, following Hurricane Sandy. As such, UN Radio News will not air today.

New York MTA Hurricane Recovery Map

A HURRICANE JUST HAPPENED AND YOU WANT ME TO STAND OUTSIDE IN THE COLD? I would since it's PF but i'd embarrass myself

Toyota donates to help Hurricane Sandy communities

RT  so sorry that another show was postponed due to Sandy. I know how much this tour means t

There's nothing that defines what a POTUS is more than the response to a disaster. President is the real deal. #Sandy

Even #NJ's Governor - Chris Christie applauds response to #Sandy

NYC navigating post-Sandy transportation nightmare  #FollowBack

-ooc-.. Damn hurricane blew out mostly everyones power over where i'm at so we can't go around trick or treating

Hurricane Sandy has done the most devastation on my twitter game

Jersey City Flooding - Hurricane Sandy

I think we've got some backdraft from Hurricane #Sandy here in England it's blowing miles outside

Someone should have went as Hurricane Sandy for Halloween. just saying.

Sandy couldn't deter us from canvassing in MD for #marriageequality and it hasn't deterred us from calling with and

Coco  Hurricane Sandy Report Commentary

A potent low pressure system has generated hurricane-force gusts in the Mediterranean tonight. Capo Carbonara

EPA grants 16 states clean gas waivers after Sandy: The Obama administration is temporarily waiving some  #neward

We regret to announce that our 11/5 Digital church conference at Union has been postponed due to Sandy damage. Watc

Stormwater-Sewer overflows. Hurricane Sandy Spills Sewage, Triggers Toxic Troubles  via

Climate change, or crap shoot? Experts weigh Sandy's causes - Reuters: Telegraph.co.ukClimate change, or c  #Tech

I don't wanna see another hurricane, baby you can kill the pain

Day 3 no powerfreeeezing! Expected to get power sometime nov 3 #sucks #sandy

I was, my costume is in NYC though. Casualty of SANDY's bitch ass.

If you feel inclined to help #Sandy victims, check this out:

FOUR WAYS MITT BOTCHED HIS HURRICANE SANDY RESPONSE:

Staying in prayer for the people who were affected by SANDY. Hope and pray that they will make it through this difficult time period. LoL

thank you for writing Here Comes Trouble. Only good thing about #Sandy is reading. Loved it!

is Sandy hoarding all the attention there as well? Small world;) Happy studying, think of it as a vacation from Reality:)

Met Area Clubs Hit Hard by Sandy

RR--Bones Of A Woman Who Died 200years Ago, Caskets Unearthed By Sandy Hurricane--Reports

are you and alicia all ok? I don't know if the hurricane hit you! :( x

DTN Fashion: Sandy death toll rises over 62; millions remain in the dark: Following the full wrath of the worst

Get free ice at several Shop-Rites and Kings stores in Morris County:  #sandy #njsandy

youth a u n sandy a parr

#News Is Sandy a taste of things to come?  (a CNN top post)

Dear verizon please fix your fucking hurricane ravaged cell towers so I can call someone and send texts without doing a service dance. Fucks

Oh no!  Republican W.Va. Candidate Killed During Sandy Will Remain on Ballot  via

The campaign bus is better. You can slow down and wait for Paul Ryan to show up and throw the last can. #Sandy

I'd bet the Sandy thing must have something to do with it. Parents still afraid darkness/down wire/debris?

Mercer County, state of New Jersey look into price gouging claims in Hurricane Sandy aftermath: Gas   #jerseycity

Business Interruption Insurance May Assist Businesses Forced to Close Due to Sandy: FOR RELEASE ON RECEIPT Octob

Of all the people still here at my office (dang hurricane), I wonder whose house will get egged / silly stringed. Hopefully not mine.

eelannnnnn! how are you? :o is everything alright? is the hurricane still there or--?

How do I contribute 2 u 4 Hurricane Sandycan't reach 1-800-Red Cross  u did great on 9/11

#Sandy  you did one good thing bars fast foods and restaurant are full

power restored after #Sandy. First order of business, watching Finding Nemo!

Thank you President #Obama and Governor Christie for working together so well on Superstorm #Sandy. Keep #FEMA strong. Re-elect the Pres.

We got to ask ourselves, Why would Bush do this to us? It's so terrible the cost of this hurricane #TheHurricaneWasStartedByBush

I really wanted to go somewhere a couple days.Sandy deaded that idea

Network Is Up After Hurricane #Sandy ! Full Story Here:  !

If Katrina, or the tornadoes that destroyed Alabama wasn't enough, he came Sandy. We may just be an earthquake away. #endoftimes

The better choice to #Sandy-themed sales - Luxury retailers transform Twitter to post-storm customer care hub.  #luxury

After 55 hours, we have power back! #Sandy

Next hurricane that come bim I'm goin outside to get my superpowers #misfits

Site helps people find open pharmacies post-Sandy (The Philadelphia Inquirer)

I feel terrible for those affected by #Sandy but we shouldn't be building on barrier islands.  #dontrebuildonbarrierislands

Glowing gridlock tonight on #NYC's 59th St. Bridge in aftermath of #Sandy.

yooo I joked about Sandy being Hurricaine Underwhelmingbut this shit was realI got friends that was hit hard in tri-state :(

This blackout just got a whole lot better. #sandy

#frankenstorm helps#hurricanesandy Support the hurricane disaster relief please retweet and share this with others

I was wrong.  Sandy rocked us.

Interested in donating to Sandy Relief Efforts with Convoy of Hope. Text CONVOY to 50555 for $10 donation. David Simerson

Sandy as climate porn  :Wpg. Sun

or just blame sandy on terrorists (cough cough) big oil #tweetinginthedark

sending some good ole Byron air hugs to those affected by hurricane Sandy!

This hurricane hass made me fall in love with Wine ! 3

[2012/10/31 7:23PM] New York  Sandy Hurricane in pictures

Has anybody else had trouble post-Sandy exchanging emails with UN folks ( Is the server misfiring?

I am praying for everyone, that was affected by the absolute devastation of Hurricane Sandy.

Post Hurricane survivalism at JG Melon's.

Close up of boardwalk in yard on 200 block of 118 #Rockaway #Sandy

how are you? After the hurricane and all?

Still following all the coverage if #sandy  I wish I was on a plane heading there to help out  report what's happening

10 Best Sites for Hurricane Sandy Photos: Instagram, Atlantic  -

I was just wondering how you where doing after the hurricane. Because I was listening to NPR and the mentioned Hoboken?

Bruv wtf is this torrential rain about, that u sandy?

Flying over the aftermath of sandy is very different from just seeing it on tv. #sandy

Hope you're doing OK with all the #Sandy after-effects.

Hi, am a reporter for writing on Haitian diaspora reaction to Sandy, would love to talk to you about it. DM me Thnks

haha cant imagine, and sandy is my girl, you should not be surprised at that.

is anybody happy to go to schl? I'm happy d hurricane is over tho

wow that was Carlo's bakery after the hurricane?  Fantastic.  Facebook says they're closed for rest of week?

Mayor Bloomberg Speaks About Sandy: Watch After Sandy: Scenes From Tottenville video online. News and o  #buffalo

Hurricane Sandy had to come when I needed Deron Williams the most #NBA #FantasyReasons

Waited 2+ hrs for gas this evening. Lots of angry people on line  witnessed an altercation that nearly got violent  #sandy

drop off canned food at tmrw for people affected by #sandy, we are donating it to local charities 12pm-6pm tmrw #LES

Damn I feel so bad for everyone who lost everything and everyone with no power This is extremely crazy!! Sandy was a bad bitch !

What I grilled up during #hurricane #sandy

My heart goes out to anyone affected by hurricane sandy xxxxx

Water-Logged NYC Struggling to Recover from Sandy

I feel like I am living in 1812 without electricity :( #Sandy

Sandy's passed, #Benghazi storm intensifies - Washington Times:  #Tcot #Ohio

SURVIVING SANDY  THE RECOVERY BEGINS - The Beauty in the Bag team is still digging out from the ravages of Hurricane

#Sandy why couldn't u of lasted longer . I want another school closing :D

First tweet since Sandy! Finally have internet on my phone. Still in the dark.

HURRICANE SANDY UPDATE:Please be advised, we are in the process of updating some of our servers due to the

Fantastic 7th edition of #StoneSoup last night. The theme (decided weeks before Hurricane Sandy): #water.  #storytelling

Happy Halloween from Caldwells Patch! #SandyonPatch #Sandy

perfect timing for #marshallaw. #Sandy #electionfraud #votingmachinesno juice, no vote. supreme court ruling in favor of retaining Obama?

trying to get where u r!sandy is hatein on a brother lol

do you have power at your house?! Due to hurricane sandy?

Randi Kaye #sandy beaver shot kayak doesn't work for national news

Use our interactive commute map, find road closures, roadwork along your route, incl. Hurricane Sandy damage:

These are the people you bring in when they are watching Benghazi, not a hurricane.W/H sends this out and WHY these people?

I'm not in Rochester tonight, but friends tell me Bruce Springsteen mentioned  devastation of Hurricane Sandy on Asb

NYU students get crash course in Sandy survival skills

Vapor and condensation don't sit in the sky for hours before milking over the sky. #chemtrails do. #sandy #election #Halloween

Father before I close my eyes, I ask that you comfort all those who have suffered loss due to this Hurricane! Bring them your peace of mind.

Due to Hurricane Sandy the National Office will remain closed until further notice.

hey bro, how are things.i hope Sandy didn't affect u too bad

#Google #Hot #Trend Hurricane Sandy Delays Jennifer Esposito's Leave From CBS' 'Blue Bloods'  #TeamFollowBack GDNews

Driving down the west side. It's pitch black #Sandy

Romney thinks climate change is a joke. Those hit by Sandy aren't laughing. Sandy was unprecedented but more will come.

My bldg is one of few still blessed with heat, power  water. Students dropping by 4 showers. Everyone doing their part. #Sandy

It's great that you're doing this. Connection helps in times of crisis and disaster. #sandy  #AddictionChat

The Syrians want to say they caused  Sandy and expect us to believe it. This is the type of (cont)

Impressive pictures (I find no.41 particularly striking): Hurricane Sandy: After Landfall - In Focus - The Atlantic

Seriously they need to get this situated up here!!! Fuck Sandy

Everyones done trick or treating , Can Sandy come back now.? #fuckschool #hateit #help

Thanks to #Sandy, my score went down: now how am I supposed to get an accurate reading of my self-worth  expertise on shoes + moms?

after 48 hours WE HAVE POWER! America 1-0 Sandy

Volunteered at evac center tonight, heartbreaking but important. Real heroes are nurses, full time staff. Do it! #sandy #NYC

Shades of Katrina in news coming out of areas devastated by #Sandy. No wonder I'm hiding from the world and #NotWatch

I have family members in the areas that sandy went theough. I know that everyone will be for each other in times of needs.

I have posted another preview of #Affliction on my FB feed. I figure this Halloween we all need more treats. I think #Sandy did tricks.

Superstorm Sandy's death toll in NJ grows to 12: Gov. Chris Christie says Superstorm Sandy is now be  #jerseycity

Our thoughts are with those who were effected by Hurricane #Sandy. Stay strong.

PHOTOS: #Sandy leaves Long Beach Shluchim homeless  #chabad #lubavitch #rabbi #jewish #judaism

Is Sandy a 'Cassandra'? How Cities Should Prepare for Future Natural Disasters: Listen to the AudioExtreme storm

nah it been Fucked lol. Sandy gave it a theme lmao

A great post Sandy resource for all who need it, from our good friend Joe Samalin:I hope everyone where you

Knicks and Nets game tomorrow night has been postponed due to the hurricane

Help Hurricane Sandy victims here:

Careful of what you read about Hurricane Sandy on the Net. Lots of hoaxes are rampant

Top #10movies for #Halloween watching them now that the #hurricane is over!

Our show got screwed up with Sandy, but that's nothing compared to what happened to folks in the NE. Water's receding at TEB.

No hurricane can get me down alicee

Time-Lapse Shows Sandy Battering NYC and the Lights Going Out -  -

nydailynews: Families return to Breezy Point, where Hurricane Sandy fire destroyed 111 houses  #nyc

And people who take pictures/videos of the hurricane.. No words can be said for you.

I. Missed. The. QA. Because. The. Hurricane. Decided. To. Be. A. Whoreicane. Just. Got. Power. Back. After. 48. Hours. Lovely

Just change the name of the hurricane to A-rod. Then it won't hit anything.

Hurricane Shifting presidential election Campaign as Democrats Point to Early Lead :

NFL Rumors: Hurricane Sandy Moves Back Trade Deadline, Could the New

Interesting look at startups in NYC during the hurricane: New York's internet industry runs on diesel

Hurricane Sandy: U.S. East Coast faces daunting challenge of rebuilding

There's a pic of Obama in the situation rm during the raid of Bin Laden  #Sandy but not 1 for an attack at the #Benghazi consulate. Yeah OK

obviously. Are you sure it wasn't the hurricane? Any port in a storm

Air travelers dodge Sandy's wrath

Just In: Inhofe said hurricane #Sandy was a hoax created by Obama to fool ppl that Climate Change is real. He was wearing a tinfoil hat

Loving my free work vaca #Sandy #cabinfever #lovinlife

SANDY DAMAGES CUBA, HAITI AND THE DOMINICAN REPUBLIC.

Did followers use for #Hurricane #Sandy info before, pls take this 5 min survey to help us improve!

I've watched countless amounts of color guard DVDs due to this hurricane.

Praying 4 Gods hand to bless everyone affected by hurricane #sandy -For restoration  the strength 2 overcome  turn the mess into a message

Manhattan in the dark. MT Downtown After Sandy:

Challenge NOT accepted! LO #sandy still got y'all by the balls? 3 days no power? you start to lose it yet?

thank you for the breath of fresh air: #climatechange has returned to mainstream media once again. #CNN #Sandy

I want to go up to all the slutty fireman at this Halloween party and thank them for all their courageous work during Hurricane Sandy.

I read a theory that Gangnam Style is a rain dance and we brought the hurricane on ourselves. #Sandy

On a shallow note,some1 me in all ur #AHS #Asylum tweets-a live recap wld be appreciated for when can check phone tmrw.Thnx! #sandy

I was Sandy too for halloween this year!! But I must say! U look a lot better then me! :)

The conclusion to Tokyo Jungle is LIVE! Check out the end of story mode here:  Now for 7 vlogs from Hurricane Sandy!

right now, he's a guy organizing donations for victims of #Sandy. What have you done for those people? I thought so. #bidend

Yes, is hosting kidlit auction to support Sandy relief.  #yalitchat

Pray for the families that have been hit by Hurricane Sandy!!!

ThankYou! We are all tired of camping without electricity, heat, food, etc #massapequa #sandy

Hurricane Sandy, Cat-woman and Helen of Troy

Lott Carey has connected 15 churches in NY and NJ to partner with the Red Cross for disaster response to mega storm Sandy

don't you guys feel dumb! #sandy #anotherdayoff

Called my gym 3 times today to see if it was gonna open soon. ugh SANDY you betch

Sandy has been utter madness so far

Marines help save 14 New Yorkers trapped by Hurricane Sandy: Winds, close to 80 mph, whipped the 14-foot floodwa

6 Photos of SUFFERING FOOLS in Sandy Blackout + TRUE Stories Emailed to me from Disaster Zone

please follow me, it would mean so much. A hurricane just hit NYC and i love you #janoskiansmtv m

Its Inspiring how a calamity like Sandy can bridge religious/racial/ethnic tensions  produce goodwill. With every difficulty there is ease.

Watching from Australia and is overwhelmed by the pictures being shown. Breathtaking! #sandy

hurricane #sandy died tryna get thru ya naps!!!!

I feel bad for all the kids along to Atlantic coast that didnt get a chance to go Trick-or-Treating. #Sandy ruined Ha

1 day of school this week thanks sandy

Big thing in New York: hurricane. Big thing in Papillion: Chick Fil A is about to open  people are camping out for it #rightonpapio

It's odd to be living through a natural disaster and to go on twitter to see #xfactor trending, not #sandy  #survivor is a tv show.  wtf?

sandy finally went back to the bikini bottom and she left a lot of damage to us in america        FUCK YOU SANDY!!!!!!!!!

But really I just want my friends back f u sandy

#OILBURNING #LAMP #SWAG #DOPE This how we livin right now FUK U #LIPA  #SANDY

Hey guys. Hurricane Sandy is over and I'm still alive! I lost one of our street sighns but no flooding here in Pennsylvania!  :-D

Sandy can hit the road anytime now!!!!

ECW on Syfy 11-3-09 Katie Lea/Paul Burchill/Hurricane Helms Segment via

oh okI was starting to feel bdly 4all of ur significant others! Lmao!I thnk hurricane hs md me crz

your house?? That is to allow you to share how those suffering from Sandy is going through now. Haha.

63 PEOPLE DIED FROM HURRICANE SANDY SMHDAMN..ALWAYS IN MY PRAYERS

SANDY, COME BACK, I DON'T WANT TO GO TO SCHOOL! KNOCK OUT THE POWER LINE AGAIN!

sorry I hope sandy treated ya well

weird - Hurricane Sandy Overturns Tree, Exposes Human Skeleton Buried Underneath

JAKE DRIVE SPOOK-TACULAR CUM DRESSED UP WITH A $1 DONUT-TATION FOR SANDY

yo dawg hurricane sandy might come to my area I think she wants my piece bro

Hurricane Sandy is trying to be just like Snooki, blowing out everything in the east.

Crony capitalism in US. Privatized profits n socialized losses. After Sandy storm, insurance firms pass d buck on 2 govt, ppl.

That hoe Sandy tried to come in between me and my man

Hurricane Sandy Makes For Stressful Week For Some Broncos: The tentacles of Hurricane Sandy stretched all the way to

Damn sandy screwin up my plan over here Smh

What if gangman style was a rain dance and we brought hurricane sandy on our selves? : /

Misssinggg X factor withh thanks sandy

The hurricane ruined my halloween but glad you still enjoyed it :)

Hi love I was so depressed that your shows in NYC got cancelled, that bitch Sandy! Will you reschedule another date for NY?

Frankenstorm Sandy: Stitched Together From Elements Both Natural and Unnatural | Scientific American

#NYC real life ghost town. #Sandy fucked shit up.

New York City After Hurricane Sandy: I had an interview for a story today that I had to do today. My subject was

Think about #Benghazi vs. #Sandy. 1 requires a leader, the other an organizer. Skips security briefings, loves photo ops

Sigh  #Sandy ruptures tank, causing 300,000 gallon diesel spill in New Jersey.

Our application site is currently inaccessible due to power outages/Hurricane Sandy. We will resolve the issues as soon as possible.

Hurricane Sandy has been devastating but it can't hold a candle to the damage Obama has done and will continue to do to A

Still cold, dark at our house. But also serene,quiet. We were lucky: no damage, have hot water, kids off from school. #JustFine #NJ #Sandy

ANOTHER BLACK EYE FOR THE RIGHT. U GUYS HAVE ANY EYES LEFT?: RWNJ Preacher Blames Hurricane On Gays

NJ is a mess! #Sandy really did damage. Prayin for residents.

sandy shulda tekk all a unu dawgs and bamind fuccka widd ar when she was leaving #SayDisShitWiddNoRegrets

I don't understand how everyone is making fun of this hurricane, but if anyone dared to make fun of hurricane Katrina

Damn, Hurricane Sandy really did some horrible damage man. Smfh

#RunStreak Day 1908: 2.1 miles, back on the Bedford Rd footpath curious to see the hurricane damage. A lot of branches and limbs down.

Foh sandy I got my power back

This Hurricane Sandy is killin me wit peer pressure . Making me not go to school #smh #TheArtOfPeerPressure #LosingKnowledge #GameOver !

My 8 year old daughter Jewel drew this while I was working on Aquaman. We are trapped inside from Hurricane

#NOLA citizens ask whether it's wise to rebuild NYC  the Jersey Shore #Sandy #p2

Drove around Queens for over 90 minutes. No gas stations with gas. Won't be getting any for 2/3 days. #sandy

but i just feel really lucky that i wasnt actually IN the hurricane

I am sick of the rain. Just came back from my parent's house - generators on all over the city. Gram's power came back on today. #sandy

Sitting in a line a mile long waiting for gas in Nj. Meanwhile no great our hot water cuz no power at home. #sandy

in my Australian news talking about rats :) Sandy aftermath: What happened to NYC's rats?  #SciAmBlogs

the one that said hurricane death megatron 300

Hurricane ruined out haunted house ideaso we're making it a movie night! #CloudAtlas! Been dying to see t

Get ready for the attacks, Nate.  But it makes sense.  Sandy turns out to be The October Surprise

Best article of the storm!! Obama and Christie: A Sandy love story via for iPhone

RIP to d people who died for NElam cyclone as well as for SAndy hurricanes!!!

CNN: #Sandy UFO/ NYC (#Alien- Central Park) After Manhattan Hurricane-/:   via

Here's a pair of red shoes for the Halloween festivities! Did Sandy damper your plans or do any of you have any

So sad my Sophie Gimbel pumpkin didn't make it to pumpkin contest Another compromise of #sandy. WAH!!!

I refuse to study for this math exam tomorrow. Like sorry, I was too busy preparing for sandy to study. #goodexcuse

SEE GUYS, this is why everyone should have building codes that include checks for strength against Hurricane-force winds.

My niece said she happy Sandy came threw cuz it made us closer

Breaking News: Campaign aid resigns for Superstorm Sandy Twitter trolling

Didn't get to see all week (especially today's Halloween show) due to Sandy coverage! :(

[Video] #Sandy, #USvote, PH economy and more: Rappler Newscast | October 31, 2012

She should of got sucked up by sandy. #Somefuckedupshit

The UFO Bureau: #UFO: Space Station sighting foreshadows Hurricane Sandy - Canadian National Newspaper

Call 609-SHUTTLE After Sandy, Wired New Yorkers             Get Reconnected With Pay Phones

Diesel fuel spilled in NJ during superstorm Sandy: TRENTON, N.J. New Jersey environmental officials say 336,000

My thoughts and prayers go out to everyone  affected by Hurricaine Sandy.

your story of it was posted a while ago, been looking everywhere for it! I wonder how the neighborhood fared w/Sandy

Big think about #Sandy, climate change and risk perception from

Urban Search and Rescue in Superstorm Sandy? We're called too!  Subscribe free to Daily Power

They need to give this chick a break, she's been reporting on Sandy for the past 3 days damn

Sandy you made a real mess at the jersey shore time to clean up #cleanupcleanup

Jon Stewart funny but factful calling out hypocrite #GOP gov Christie who had 2 eat crow becuz PBO found #SANDY lite switch.

RT greatt havent seen you in a while and how did the hurricane make out by you

Someone said that homos were the cause of Hurricane Sandy but we all know that if homos made something that blew it's name wouldn't be Sandy

Hurricane Sandy. Nearing the end of 2012 End of the world Well I guess it just makes sense #goodbye #getcrazy

Parts of Hurricane Sandy is coming over to Florida :O ! #Sandy

apparently the people who say sorry about the hurricane started the hurricane! O.O

MT #sandy Hoboken needs your help. #need Food, fuel, supplies, inflatable rafts. #contact call (201) 420-2094

Youre lucky cause of hurricane Sandy, Carmelo Anthony is gonna miss his only 3 games against you on fantasy!

If ur not goin out tn for Halloween / sandy end celebrations I'm sorry but ur a loser #sorrynotsorry #Halloweekend #RUTGERS

check out my sis video we filmed it when SANDY bitch ass came #NEWVIDEO - Pretty Ninja HD

Here's a poem I just wrote - 'Sandy' by Gajanan Mishra:

ATT  T-Mobile Update 4 Sandy Victims - Wireless and Mobile News: VentureBeatATT  T-Mobile Update h

Unofficial word from friends assisting at hurricane shelters in Brooklyn:  Overall, good work is being done.  The h

hey guys. Sandy is gone we hope everyone is ok and safe with their family's.. we got luck and had some minor damage. still without power

SANDY MADE ME REALIZE THAT I HAVE ONE MORE FRIEND THAN I THOUGHT I HAD

Fuel spill after Sandy ruptures tank: The refining company Motiva has notified officials that an estimated 300,0

'A loss for everybody': Sandy clean-up starts (via

Only in Big Sandy, TN would some one still give out candy cigarettes #smalltownproblems #Halloween

About how there are no democrats or republicans. Just people helping each other out through Sandy. Just

East Coasters then, hope you were all safe when the hurricane passed by.

Wat were you gon shoot up SANDY?

We were able to salvage THIS many photos #sandy. 2 boxes of photos left. Memories matter.

noo you are.. btw sandy took your letter just letting you know

Long Lines at Gas Stations in Hurricane Sandy's Aftermath   WHERE IS THAT PRESIDENT? SOUNDS LIKE JIMMY CARTEROABAMA

Is it ironic that the Blackout episode of Friends is on the day after Sandy? #toosoon

WHAT ABOUT BENGHAZI? Obama Cover-Up! ObamaLIES!!! ROMNEY WILL HELP SANDY VICTIMS!!!

Surprised. Hurricane hit HAAARRRDDD up here.

Still no power  heat yet the worst one is no proper internet!. #Sandy

Convoy of Hope sent 3 trucks 2help Sandy victims more on way.  Sandy main focus now also coordinating ops in 7countries

'Just people' : Portrait of Sandy's victims becomes clearer -

Thank God the hurricane didn't feel as bad as other parts where I live but still many trees down and luckily didnt lose pwr

The 1 not present vote? As Sen, Obama Voted AGAINST Aid 4 Hurricane Katrina Victims

102 Sherwood Ave still does not have power. Fuck you sandy

tgod and I had shit hotboxed as fuck. We forgot there was even a hurricane hahaha.

aww I no stupid hurricane :( hope the curly wurlys r with u soon x x

Good night moon, good night lower manhattan #sandy

Just walked over a subway grate on 6th ave and heard a train running underneath. #sandy #above28thstreet

Using Twitter to keep up to date on world events such as Hurricane Sandy.  Twitter is a great tool to share

today I was proud of my President when he demonstrated great leadership w/ the leaders of NYC in the wake of #Sandy

Blog update Instagram photos show Sandy's drenching path - Superstorm Sandy smashed the East Coast on Monday night,  htt

Gang, in case u didn't notice had #Sandy  rearrange a chunk of his state. #eatingyourown

Sandy: Before-and-after views: Comparison views show the level of damage caused by the superstorm that struck the

I can't help but think of Sandy the Squirrel from Spongebob Squarepants.

Fuel News: Obama wins praise from old adversary as Sandy allows him to rise above politics - The  #petrol #diesel

Our family at  extends our deepest sympathy to all who have been impacted by SuperStorm Sandy,

So scary to be on the last block with power. #Hullaween2012 #Sandy #blessed #HalloweenRealness #areyouserious

Why is Sandy making headlines here in India? do u think everyone here is really worried about US?

Proud of my Atlantic City crew for their impromptu pizza buffet for those is need. #sandy

NASA time lapse shows #Sandy from birth to landfall

that was way more fun than going to the bar. #halloween #umphreys #sandy

New York Giants make off-the-field adjustments in wake of Superstorm Sandy: The superstorm devastated areas of N

Finally making the trek home. Lower manhattan looks like a zombie apocalypse. So dark! #sandy

#Hypocrisy: Republicans blast #Obama for partisan politics, but then further blast #Christie for working bipartisan w/Obama. #Sandy

SandraBernhard: oh! now i get it have fun honey love you sandy

Barack Obama has been trapped under a bridge by mutated hurricane rats. Please send help.

East Tennessee's Red Cross RadioTune In for Hurricane Sandy Updates

Mufti Saudi: Haram Menghina Korban Topan Sandy  news

Heartwarming when ur kids r going through their stuff and in the attic cause they want to help #Sandy victims. Amazing. #love #family

#News Filipinos in New Jersey cope after Sandy

Is trying not to think about Hurricane Sandy #GODBLESSNY #GODBLESSNJ

My boss offered me tomorrow to make up for a day lost because of the Sandy hoe.

Bitches blamin Sandy when they know their lights was off 2 weeks ago

We are looking for way to help with clean up of #sandy.We are in Iowa. Hubby going to take vacation of week or 2.In Iowa looking to car pool

IBNLiveSlow recovery from Superstorm Sandy beginsUSA TODAYNearly 6 million homes and businesses in at least 12 s

Sandy f*cked things up in my cityShe put me in the dark, still powerless after 48hours#FuckSandy

My studio apt right now thanks to #Sandy. 6 people.

Post #Sandy Human Caused #ClimateChange Deniers look like Pacifists after Pearl Harbor #tcot #P2

Jiwa mines and Miner Wall Street ends flat, tech shares dip after Sandy shutdown: NEW YORK (Reuters) - The stock

Does the end of the first marking period get pushed back because of the hurricane???

Donating to help out victims of hurricane Sandy! Help out too here: Be generous! :)

BOL! Halloween is ruff here in NYC.Here's Pet Weatherman Ron  moi after Hurricane Sandy

Imagine if was president,and there was no FEMA to aid NJNYthey be fending for themselves #Sandy #Election2012 #VoteObama

Did Sandy fuck up your neighborhood like down here in Jersey?

man still don't got my Internet since the hurricane left

Tryin 2 picture the scenario  adjectives dat would be used to describe Prez Obama if he took long 2 respond 2 Sandy victims

Why name hurricanes like Sandy? Name that shit Hurricane Death Megatron 300 And I guarantee niggas be evacuating li

Did hurricane sandy hit the jersey shore house?

This hurricane helped me realize that i can only trust and rely on my family. Friends don't mean jack shit. Don't try to hit me up EVER #FU

Back to civilisation!!! Aka crashing at a friends in Williamsburg #Sandy

This hurricane really fucked up my sleep schedule.

Can't picture being in NYC with no working subways. #Sandy really humbled a city

effects of hurricane sandy in SA pta!..its cold yoh!!

Altho I wasn't home in Phila 4 Hurricane Sandy, has been awesome abt accommodating my friends  family during this difficult time

Broadway lights go up in post-Sandy NYC (AP): The lights went up again on Broadway Wednesday for the first time

LUCKY! My baby #TaylorLautner was on Leno and I couldn't watch him because they were talking about that bitch ass hurricane.

Hurricane Sandy knocked down trees across the state with her destructive winds, many falli

Ryan, Romney don't look so brave in front of Sandy. With their cuts the people would have no help from the government in their grand vision.

I should've went and got a bottle of wine earlier. I just realized we drank all the wine in my house during the hurricane.

Sandy answered her calling, she buried us with sand. Maybe we should start think deeper naming those who plan to bite us #sandy #SandyTODAY

Can Sandy Help Jolt America Out of Climate Change Denial? | Alternet

I want another sick crazy hurricane this winter that brings a gigantic blizzard

10/31 The King talks about his experience on the Jimmy Kimmel show and getting to Brooklyn despite Hurricane Sandy.

This Sandy shit is rly changin my life .. im wearin 3 layers of clothing to sleep. Fuck man

he went in yesterday but base is also paralyzed no phones power computers SON has NO office/base2go2 Sandy Hook NJ LOL no more

Less than 1 foot of flooding left in southwest #hoboken - terrible stench like 10,000 fish died out there. #sandy

BREAKING NEWS: superstorm #sandy hits my stomach.

lol oh what a night :'( I hope things get better soon. Thank you! I hope you're far away from typhoon sandy I saw TORONTO :(

all you need to survive sandy is porn. That's it.

what do they call them? Some #guidos ? Or something? #Jerseyshore  #Sandy #newjersey where r they to help?

Also Classy for Romney to hold hands with a Bush in face of another major Hurricane disaster. :) #Katrina #FAIL

My prayers go out to all of the Hurricane/Storm Victims All my best to you and your families:)

Apple Begins Taking Donations to Help Those Affected By Superstorm Sandy  via

TWIAR: Dead air: Sandy takes out 1 in 4 cell towers, FCC says, and more could fail: Hurricane Sandy knocked out

#Hurricane Sandy Linked To New York's #Gay Marriage Law, Claims #Rabbi Noson Leiter  via a wrath of God??

Yes, many affected still looking for help, let us know who  will update our list:   #sandy #volunteer

Do the RIGHT thing give the $5 mil to #Sandy Recovery [awesome idea

New photos: Hurricane Sandy bears down on Hudson County |

#Lansdale Borough working to clean up damage caused by Sandy:

I can sit in here  b upset #Sandy has totally ruined my trip 2 Dubai  Egypt, but instead (cont)

Superstorm Sandy's hard-hit New Jersey, daunting recovery effort - FacenFacts

Oh sweet, Uniqlo has an online store now! Better order some new clothes! Nope. Hurricane Sandy. #firstworldproblems

Thats how u could spend your time at hurricane rush time. Taboo word game.  des Ambassades

Just a city kid, I don't know how to cope with this hurricane shit.

So the sandy of sms in #pakistan has started claiming the storm in US is coz of the insulting movie #OverThinking

#Cellphones Sandy has wreaked havoc on the cell phone network, the FCC chair said yesterday. Julius Genachowski

you get hit hard by sandy

Must say I don't rocognize the Chris Christi I see bfore me. I would vote for the man. Sandy, a transformitive effect on American poiticans?

Your problems seem so trivial to those who have lost everything in the storm!! #Sandy xx

On the upside of #hurricanesandy, I've been drunk every night after the hurricane

should have made good on his promise to stop the rise of the seas as Hurricane Sandy was wreaking havoc on the East Coast!!

Rest in peace to the 50 people killed by huricane sandy

Restoration Local Offers Tips On Safety Following Hurricane Sandy  #armageddon #storm

I liked a video  Hurricane Sandy Urgent News Report 2012 Hookah Town

VIDEO: Inside homes of Sandy victims: When thousands of residents on Long Island fled to safer parts of New York ahead of superstorm

Gr8 article on the use of Twitter in Hurricane Sandy  #smem #em2au

New York is already recovering from cyclone Sandy bless the city- yeh cause the end of the world is really gonna happen in 2012 bulshit :l

Post-Tropical Cyclone Sandy -- Oct. 30, 2012:  via

NYTimes: Worrying Beyond Hurricane Sandy

I hope that the Sandy Hurricane will not hurt any Muslims in US :(

booaayy, sandy's ass striked me :/ these niggas w/ generators while I'm using candles trying to warm up my fish water -.-

[411Music] The Love/Hate Music News Report 11.01.12: Hurricane!: News and thoughts on Lil Wayne's recent health

Thank fuck I'm back in England after battling hurricane sandy! It could not defeat me! #animal #hurricanewarrior

West Virginia Candidate Killed Sandy

Aronofsky's 'Noah' postponed due to flooding of the ark, from Hurricane Sandy. Maybe he should have gone for realism.

Hurricane Sandy? It could have been worse. And because it's not US no one cares.

FirstHurricane SALLY?!? You're as dumb as you look. Hurricane SANDY

Will Hurricane Sandy force Obama and Romney to discuss climate change? - Economic Times: Will Hurricane Sandy force

Sandy is such a nice name, too nice for a nasty hurricane, shouldve called it Hurricane Savile

Going, going Video captures horrifying moment Hurricane Sandy uproots massive tree from garden and sma #Rossendale

Me an Trappa Hurricane Sandy!!!!! At DJ House

Really dealcloud? 50% off a trip to NYC 2 days after #sandy Ummm no thanks!

Marylanders: Early voting will be extended through November 2nd.   #sandy #sandyMD #

ericfburge: Comcast Unlocks Its Wi-Fi Hotspots to Hurricane Sandy

Opalesque Exclusive: Wall St ends day flat as New York starts post Storm Sandy recovery  #hedgesandfunds

Wesner Michel; Superstorm Sandy's human toll mounts; at least 56 killed in US - CNN: LivemintSuperstorm Sandy's

Some interesting enviro stories today  especially in light of #sandy via

If this hurricane didn't teach us anything it's that these BIG things we consider little things are BIGGER than we thought.

Hurricane Sandy: how we're helping

lol just checking, you're pretty far in, but the storm surge from #Sandy was crazy, All I've heard about is massive flooding.

Smart provides free calls and Internet for Undas 2012; free calls to Sandy-affected kin

Great deception in play Change in weather pattern #sandy, is not as a result to global warming, but a sign tht d end is here not near

Stunning Reuters photos of #Sandy aftermath. Similar to what I saw, shot in Kobe 95, Thailand 2004, Tohoku 2011. Tragic

it's not sandy fault i think :| cause our server is located at the same place .__.

Courthouse News Service  via Occupy Sandy

#Cinema #Movies 10 Post-Apocalyptic Movie Options To Help Keep Hurricane Sandy In  #NowFollowing Ao

I'm sending much love to my family across the nation enduring the hardships from #Sandy. Stay strong. UR all in my 3 and my thoughts.

ooh on a Thursday!! Poor you! Hope it was worth it though :-). Sandy's getting there thanks x

.You can't trust their polls either!  Huffington Post Politicizing President Obama's Response to #Sandy

Hurricane Sandy: travel and insurance QA  and

Even traffic lights don't work here - 8th and 29th #NYC #sandy

#power #out #lamps #sandy #fault #smh !! Gm IG ppl stay safe!  Dialysis Center

Sandy storm In Atlanta New York City? ..Just hopefully every single one of you are fine .

#Sandy as economic #stimulus? Bullshit. Just a flawed measure of economic progress: #GDP. #BrokenWindowFallacy

Other views: Sandy underscores danger of ignoring climate change - Herald Times Reporter: Wall Stre  #sciencenews

Provence is sunny and warm. Yesterday at sea Hurricane winds 80mph. Better day. #hurricane

He's probably still hurricane-ing and also working to death. Still I better hear he's alive ASAP.

Our very own got hit hard with #Sandy. She is in good spirits and sends her love We love you Marilla Cupcake!

Wireless Carriers Under Scrutiny After Sandy: T-Mobile and ATT have cut an emergency deal to share their cellphone networks in areas

How Sandy impacted the World's markets - see it all in ONE plot.

LOST dog in #Sandy near Plainfield, NJ 50-lb. Portuguese water dog named Hudson.Call Kristyn at 336-613-5001 RT SHA

news Google Apps Reseller Helps Businesses Recover After Hurricane Sandy: LOS ANGELES, Oct. 31, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- It's a hol

Hurricane Sandy boosts business for D.C.-area plumbers, electricians

Syria and Iran caused Sandy duhhh

#executive U.S. eases clean gasoline rules in East after Sandy: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. environm  #travel

I got a hurricane tongue like you wouldn't believe

..Benghazi, Sandy survivors, Nov. 6th when hope is back in AMERICA AGAIN bc ROMNEY WINS!!!

Late Night with Jimmy Fallon Hurricane Sandy Cold Open + Monologue  see more

wants to hear your #sandy survival stories -

Haha, yeah i dont want the flu, did anything happen to you during the hurricane?

GoogleNews: After Sandy, candidates to go back on the attack - CBS News: ABC NewsAfter Sandy, candidates to go b

Due to Sandy MGZC #Radio is on auto pilot. Please be safe.

I love how I'm expected to feel sorry for the victims of hurricane sandy. They chose to live in a place susceptible to hurricanes. #idiocy

Post hurricane note to self: my next place must have a fireplace

Good sign. seeing #LIRR trains rolling through #woodside #sandy

Time-lapse: Sandy snuffs NYC lights: Time-lapse video shows Sandy rolling into Manhattan from the beginning of the storm on Sund  #TFB

EmpireStateDev spots are nice but jarring when they pop up during #Sandy disaster coverage. Not effective?

[feed] Comcast Offers Up Free Wi-Fi For Sandy-Hit States: It's not quite the grand, pan-network gesture that the

[AISH CurrentIssues] Taking Sandy Personally

I love Sandy. She's the best dog ever

I'm calling it. Based on pictures from the hurricane, New Jersey will be the first state to fall during the zombie apocalypse.

R.I.P to all the people who lost their lives during the hurricane in newyork. We don't know how lucky we are to not have hurricanes.

Germany. Gosh there's the Hurricane or? :/ are u ok ?

Gabby thinks hurricane Sandy should be called Sinatricledeathpain.

#Sandy #LI American Red Cross serving lunches today    ^st

My thoughts are with you guys for the recovery road ahead x Hurricane Sandy: 50 Devastating Pictures  via

Why couldn't the hurricane last longer so we didn't have school? #tired

Just had great interview with of the QCA CEO Betsy Pratt on the QCA's #Hurricane #Sandy relief response  http

I hope all the devastation from Hurricane Sandy does not affect our 8th grade trip to New York in April

I was thinking the same thing .. They should go with a German name sometime.. Hurricane Hanzel.

Cleanup efforts are underway! #sandy / Birchwood Neighborhood Park

have a good trip! Hope your not going to New York! #travelbyboat #Sandy

8 hrs down 8 more to go PSEG life #sandy

Our continued thoughts are with those affected by #Sandy. Support the Red Cross: Text REDCROSS to 90999 or visit

Seriously man. Katrina, #Sandy, Cindy. We need scarier names. Like F-42RX-Demon-Spawn. Demon for short.

Cannot believe the level of destruction Sandy caused. Parts of NY look like a scene out of Terminator. Like Skynet bombed everything.

Sandy also impacted the rat population. Good news and bad news

Every time I watch the news and see the damage caused by Sandy I realize how blessed I am! RIP to those who lost their lives :(

Kitchen Kabaret in Roslyn is open, warm, and fully operational. #Sandy

NYTimes live blog shows problems with the city's a.m. commute, including long lines for Manhattan bus shuttles.  #Sandy

Hurricane, still waiting for flight back, but Nets/Knicks postponement means my Sat ticket is home opener! Good news at last. #nets

Spending rest of the week w/ my little bunny, gotta stay close by, no gas anywhere. Need to conserve it. Oh Sandy.

It's very easy to forget how badly some people in the US have been affected by the storm  My thoughts are with you all! #Sandy

People are still able to make an immediate $10 Red Cross donation by texting the word REDCROSS to 90999 #sandy

Smh I'm still glad I filled up my tank before Sandy hitNiggaz was in Kindergarten lines at the Pumps on 22 lol

I have this crazy emphysema cough that's causing a terrible headache. Thanks Sandy -__-

I think I'm gonna donate blood this weekend for the victims of hurricane sandy.

iTunes now accepts donations for Hurricane Sandy relief:  Homes along the New Jersey coast took a beating from H

Crews still working on Delaware RT-1 at the Indian river inlet bridge.  #sandy damage.

MT Will dealing with the aftermath of #Sandy lead to increased #climate resilience of businesses  HT

hawu mara. They're recovering 4rm a hurricane. I dnt think any1 there is thinkin abt shopping

Christina should sing Light Up The Sky for #Sandy

iTunes Store Accepting Donations for Superstorm Sandy Relief

Commuter Delays Rage as NYC Begins Bounce Back From Sandy  via

Stunning shots from Hurricane Sandy devastation;  and from a geeky point of view no 6 features a 'John Constantine'.

The 'Flurry' of Real Estate Deals Created by Hurricane Sandy | Curbed National

If that was a Sandy pic, then why no DOE, DOT, FEMA?

Just made my donation to Catholic Charities for Sandy relief effort.  Please join me

Global Kids International #Education Week Celebration Postponed due to Hurricane #Sandy

At the end of the day thru all the bullshit wit this hurricane and the way it affectedbe thankful for our

Hurricane Sandy batters United States East Coast

If u wanna see the Church in action, follow what and are doing in NYC in wake of #Sandy // give if you can.

I bet you didn't hear that Finsbury Park tube station in London was flooded by Hurricane Sandy too:  (2/2) #fakes

So yeah.  Tech week. That just didn't happen. #sandy #playerscrunchtime

Round table of experts on rebuilding the NE on now #Sandy

Sitting here and training tweets from the USCG helping in Sandy recovery, bless em all.

Little to no line for Ferry on Williamsburg waterfront N7th st, $4 to 34th st; last one comes back to Bklyn at 6pm #Sandy

Back to work today. Just sat in line for 30 minutes for gas. At least I'm alive. #Sandy

Fair enough, it is your opinion. #Sandy was devastating, and I wish all a fast recovery. But for me #libya is still important.

Emerald City Writers' Conference was a blast!  Thanks to Hurricane Sandy it took me a few extra days to get home

Credit Suisse telling clients economic impact of Hurricane Sandy likely to be about 0.2% to 0.3%, or $30b to $50b of U.S. GDP

Fine here - just an anxious pup.   Did you make it through OK? Inspiring to see all the hard work NJ is doing to recover #Sandy

UPDATE: 5.6M still w/o power and now at least 74 U.S. deaths from Hurricane #Sandy.

Stars doing concert for Sandy victims: US NETWORK NBC is doing a benefit concert for victims of Hurricane Sandy featuring some artist

Waiting in never-ending lines for gas  staying warm, photos show people coping w/ no power:  #Sandy

#AmoralMitt compared Hurricane Sandy cleanup to when people volunteered to clean up the rubbish after a football game.

2012 FCP Calculations and Hurricane Sandy: By: Dave Rice, Director FFSDavericThe Bloomberg ne

Two young panthers are being hunted in Yulee, Fla., after they broke free with the help of superstorm Sandy.

Strategies for coping with disaster - Many may never completely recover from Hurricane Sandy's psychological

good fuckin morning. First day back to work since sandy that twat!

spoke to my uncle in staten island affected by sandy,hanging on to 3 kids and wife on the roof before relief came.all i can say is Thank God

White House is pushing a situation room picture of the Presidentfor Sandy; WHERE IS the Benghazi situation room pic?

Clearly the hurricane has stopped people making new unemployment claims, resulting in Obama-flattering figures #conspiracy

I want to thank everyone for their concern for me and my family over our loss and struggle during Hurricane Sandy. I really appreciate it.

amid all this hurricane crap, i completely forgot that 2013 is just 2 months away, this year is flyinnnnn

RTiTunes Accepting Red Cross Donations For Hurricane Sandy Victims

Donate, Help Hurricane Sandy Pets (PHOTOS)  via

all this hurricane did was make me want to switch to verizon  move to cali now

I'm back on this sandy caught me slipping

It really is!  now , we have no spring break. -_- Cause we haven't been in school from the hurricane. ..

Tweet us your story --- how has your commute been this morning? Let us know your story on #pix11news #sandy #mta #commute

For our listeners asking about the American Red Cross  donating for those in need, after #Hurricane #Sandy,

has driven me nuts in the recent past, but what they're doing to keep sites up  running w/#sandy i

New Jersey faces Superstorm Sandy's devastation

I'm in sac CA w/ My fam! Love the Rooksmiss them! stranded by sandy be home 2morrw. BUT I VOTED ALREADY!

Hurricane Sandy Utility Outages May Be Worsened By Underinvestment, Lack Of Planning: via HuffPost

Anyone have any idea if Jay Street lines are better/worse than Barclay lines? #sandy #mta

and what does that have to do with a  hurricane  3.5 years later?

#christ #God What hurricane images stir up: reflections on being spiritual but not necessarily  #church #ministry

haha! How's that been going for ya? I had a dream about hurricane sandy. -_-

Rats are already a big part of NY, but how did #Sandy affect them? on their resilience:

Biking and walking rule in a city sans subway   #bikeNYC #sandy

Hurricane Sandy ravaged the Northeast earlier this week with high winds, torrential rain, devastating floods and

Hurricane Sandy reminds #America that federal government matters  #uspoli

If you was forced to evacuate due to a Hurricane, what would be the three things you'd take?  iphone, charger, earphones

After watching the news about Hurricane Sandy makes me look at life like things gettin real. Life to short for the BS!

I'm watching Hurricane Sandy Is A Gunther  on

Al Queda didn't make Sandy happen.  Are we taking our eye off the real ball: Mother Nature's revenge?

Bruv, I heard hurricane sandy is coming here. Naaaaa I need to go church quick time

many people wanting to take fame over the tragedy of #Sandy superstorm

Hurricane Sandy | Property Damage | Insurance

Today a full schedule of Broadway shows resume just a few days after Sandy. Another example of the resilience of

hola. No snow yet!! We felt Sandy, but thats over. Well my halloween consisted of studying, but I did manage to have a few treats

Thank you to the National Guard members responding to Hurricane Sandy!

Can I use a hurricane as an excuse to get an extension on an essay? #hmmm

For any emergency request caused by Hurricane #Sandy, please contact We will respond to those areas once tasked by NJOEM.

Con Ed stated all Manhattan power will be restored Saturday. #Sandy

#Climate #News: Satellite captures the life and death of Hurricane Sandy on Halloween: Hurricane Sandy is giving up

BREAKING: Pedestrian hit on onramp to NB I-15 from 9000 South in Sandy. No word on victim's condition.

Happy November 1st Everyone!!!! Is Having A Benefit Tomorrow Night For All Those Hardest Hit By #Sandy..Ple

RT..Help victim of #huricaine SANDY send $10 dollars to.. rengal PAYPAL Account..#thanks #appreciate #help

prayers to those left with the huge clean-up after sandy. thankfully i think the lake erie breakwall here in cleveland got the brunt of it.

Buen Dia to All! For those that are unaware, we have been hit by hurricane Sandy with small damages at our end but

Expiration Dates Extended for Driver License, Motor Vehicle Products #Sandy

AP News - Nets opener postponed by Sandy; NYC Marathon on

Havent been watching the news because I'm tired of hearing about Sandy. I hate sad stuff like that. I just pray for anyone affected

its commuting chaos this morning from driving to finding a place to fill up gas.  #sandy #pix11news

NBC Announces Friday Night Hurricane Benefit Concert With Pro-Obama Celebs |  Anyone for politicizing a disaster?

After #sandy lady #liberty #fog Jersey State Police

he said hurricane issues. And not that lucky cause next Tuesday I have a quiz and exam in the same class -___-

Due to #Sandy the Maryland DNR has extended the female crab season by 6 days to help with the economic impact to the se

Oil falls on weaker demand after Sandy  via

Bruce Springsteen, Bon Jovi to perform at benefit concert for Sandy victims: Billy Joel, Christina Aguilera and

River Cafe Hit Hard By Hurricane Sandy  via  Former bartender/waiter Smitty wishing you good luck Buzzy!

Going to drop off pampers and supplies to Sandy Relief.  Thanks TKnighton foundation for supporting the families up Nort

Chris Christie's career killing decision.Obama had no choice but to help rebuild NJ and all other areas hit by Sandy. #baddecision

Here is the map of our #newyork post-storm subway service starting today #sandy |

With this rain, 2things are assured. Super traffic jam allover town and Katwe looks like hurricane Sandy took a detour through there

blue snow pic from outside Deep Creek posted to our facebook page taken by one our employees #mdwx #wxreport #Sandy

Thank you Mr Heater Buddy for keeping the little house above 60! #hurricanesandy #sandy #nopower #meted #pro

Now let's start the rebuilding and recovery. 31 Incredible Photos of Hurricane Sandy's Destruction

Help Victims of Sandy through donation to Red Cross

I feel like my weekend never ended cause of sandy

#PR pro tip: Pitching After #Sandy  via

Photo: thisizgrizzly: What can you see. This was taken during #Hurricane #Sandy. #JudgementDay #God #Natural

NJ from the air over Asbury Pk.   No leaves left on the trees. #Sandy

NBC will host a post-Sandy benefit with and more:

Our thoughts and prayers are with you as you repair the damage caused by Hurricane Sandy.

Several electrical trucks on I-80 en route to the Tri-state for #Sandy relief

Would like to reiterate how thankful I am to have power, heat, food, water. Heart goes out to those struggling in the Sandy aftermath.

It's drizzling. THAT ALL YOU GOT SANDY?!

Sandy's craziness doesn't end.   Skeleton Found In Upended Tree On Green  |  New Haven Independent

Ahaha, Sandy is President Bounce Obama's October surprise. ahaha, If there is a god s/he couldn't have aimed  timed it better!:))))

Parents update: leaving #NJ for central #PA. Have hotel for 4 nights, have to return home to be poll workers for Tuesday. #Sandy

BBC News - Terror of beachfront residents who stayed during Sandy

Ravaged homes, submerged subways and now sharks? Check out some of the BEST #Sandy FAKE'S!

Travel chaos continues in US: New York - Travel chaos from Hurricane Sandy dragged into a fourth day with roads

Quantum's Saleri on Gasoline Shortages After Hurricane (Bloomberg News)  #Audio #News

MARCOS ESTAS BIEN?ME PREOCUPABA CUANDO TE MANDABAN EN MEDIO DEL SANDY CUIDATE BESO GRANDE

Positive Sandy update: it has removed a lot of the dead plants I was going to have to weed from the garden. But that's about it.

Two bars of 3G backit's slow, but better than nothing! #sandy

So true.  This whole Hurricane Sandy thing is amazing. I never knew this much damage could be done..

Morning. Woke up thinking abt families who lost everything in Sandy. We take so much for granted. Seize/appreciate this day for them- xo hrp

Has Romney showed interest in the Sandy victims yet?

American Apparel have been criticised for cashing in on hurricane Sandy by launching online sale. Bad move?

Check out extensions due to SANDY!

Yesterday, I joined  other officials for an aerieal tour of #Sandy's devasta

Last stop is 50th and 3rd. Catch the E train to 7 ave? #Sandy

.#ASTRO12 plenaries far from normal as #Sandy whips thru Boston (Charlene Laino post)

We hope that everyone effected by Sandy is safe and sound and our best wishes go out to those in need! Please be

Montana`s hunters  fishers BEST vote is Sandy Welch for #mtsuperintendent. Denise Juneau votes NO on these.SEE:  #MTpol

America needs Obama for the rebuilding effort. #sandy #uspol

Remember when NJ had a horrible blizzard and Christy was MIA -in Disney World? #Sandy #ChristyisASchmuck

Root Beer Barrell #brigantine #sandy 10th St

Still mad that I couldn't watch American Horror last night. Thanks Sandy, ya bitch.

I don't want 2 sound cold but people want us to give 4 those hit by Sandy.why don't we just take care if our own 1st!

To help with relief I'm going to be delivering alcohol to hurricane victims. I may not get past the first delivery but whatever..

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 2012 UPDATE: Due to flooding caused by Hurricane Sandy, all credits from the last three

Will Hurricane Sandy allow New York and other coastal cities to finally invest in climate change adaptation and

Dont miss this great digital media mashup on Hurricane Sandy:  #emjo #media #Sandy #ddj #journalism

Sandy's fault i can't watch Knicks vs Nets

Sorry I haven't been on, busy  I didn't have power for the last few days cause of the hurricane.  I don't

The marathon is a nightmare for New Yorkers who live along the parade route even without the burden of a hurricane recovery.

In wake of #Sandy, proposes a way to quickly verify/debunk info on social media  (great idea)

We just got back from Egypt and thankfully our neighborhood wasn't really affected by the hurricane with the

Please help me spread my montage in effort to help support those impacted by Hurricane Sandy

Reading my twitter feed not making me feel better about having to go into the city today. #Sandy

but are they still continuing it since NJ went through a lot during sandy?

Banks Deploy Mobile ATMs and Generators to Get Cash to Sandy

East River, few hours before Sandy

Was Hurricane #Sandy the result of global warming? These college professors think so:

NBC Telethon #Sandy Friday 8p. Hosted by Matt Lauer. $ to Red Cross. Springsteen, Billy Joel, Bon Jovi, Sting, etc.

Anybody have ideas about how to get someone from Newark airport to Brooklyn? #sandy

Online #Arab World: reactions to #Hurricane Sandy via

FT with a disheartening item on Sandy's exposure of a casino town's faltering rehabilitation

I hate u Sandy. You gave me a cold! #sandy #noheat #fb

Ha, due to this hurricane relief process, the gym has been slightly non existent.

Things you find? LoL  Sandy uproots Connecticut tree, 200-year-old human remains uncovered - Yahoo! News  via

Websites are staying online post-#Sandy because of ppl carrying buckets of diesel up 17 flights

#Noted ROMNEY carved into sand at NJ beach in honor of Obama flyover. Our spirt of freedom not dampened by hurricane!

2,000 people sought refuge in shelters during #Sandy. Most are now back home.

Good Morning Sinners! I am OOC today and doing some charity work for the Sandy Storm Victims! I promise I am not ignoring you or my DM! #bbs

US EMPLOYMENT NEWS In brief: Bow  Drape hit by Sandy; Boundless Learning to hold physics ha  follow warren today

It was so weird seeing the city like a ghost town this morning.. Sandy ur a mean lil girl

I think I'm still in hurricane mode.

#UCWRadio  Navigating New York City commuter delays in a post-Sandy transit system  #news

The deadline for grants has been extended until 11/5 due to Hurricane Sandy. Still time to apply! http

With G-d's help, the area that #NYCShabbaton is in was not affected badly by #Sandy. We are so excited to see everyo

Working hard to get stores open and ATMs online.Read how prepared for and responded to Hurricane #Sandy

Saw this illustration of New York post-Sandy and had to send it along.

We are very sorry for the inconvenience, but our site is currently down because of #Sandy. We are doing all we can to put it back up ASAP.

Help find #Sandy victim RT Anyone know anyone in Toms River/Beachwood area? Can't find my fathe

What kind of shoestring budget does Gawker run on that they opened free Tumbler accounts instead of switching to non Sandy affected servers?

If I had dollar for everytime took a picture of her dog I could pay all the damages from hurricane sandy #truth

And my job calls me in 5 hours early again thank you sandy and hello almost 80 hour week 3

This giant collection of flooded-NYC #Sandy photos is heartbreaking-and terrifying  via

It's Global Warming, Stupid - Businessweek  #sandy

Damn hurricane sandy has done so much damage. Prayers go out to those on the east coast.

Mitt Romney compares Sandy Relief to cleaning up after a High School Game what a FOOL he is !!

Feeling like a cool dude degree celsius temp here. Seems like sandy hit india in the form of neelam. :)

!!! Springsteen, Bon Jovi, Billy Joel to perform in superstorm #Sandy concert

NJ is starting to run out of gas. Just when you thought Sandy couldn't get any worse. Continual thoughts  prayers to all affected. #donate

Obama Gears Up For Final Campaign Stretch After Hurricane Sandy Creates Headaches For Romney

Pisani Trader Talk: Sandy: Manageable Insurer Losses, but How About Lost Productivity?: Sandy: Manageable, but h

Agree that Velshi   a couple of others on CNN do not belong out in the middle of a hurricane!

lmaoo yeaa boii, i heard it suffered injuries from Hurricane Sandy lmaoo, but we'll see if it can still

#Obama looking presidential in visit to NJ.   .BECAUSE HE IS THE PRESIDENT!!!! Not political motivated. #sincere #sandy

Lol. Facebook has been a lot lately. Is it the recent full moon or Sandy-related cabin fever?

thanks for the idea Only a generator thanks to #sandy so limited cooking this weekusing the Weber grill tonight

Damn hurricane sandy messed up my ordermy box is on hold :/

Tree Hits Lindsay Lohans Family Home In Long Island During Hurricane

BlipTV is still having some trouble due to Hurricane Sandy. One of their generators failed about an hour ago, so

Wow has hurricane sandy hit Bridgend?

God bless people in NYC. Sandy were so hard.

Hurricane Sandy ruined my house thats in the north east

As Sandy-related problems go, though, ConEd cutting your cable a day after the storm is fairly minor, and I'm mindful of that.

Seriously?!?!  Romney compares Sandy relief to cleaning up after high-school football game

#Sandy update: Doing ok in NJ  NY! Some staff w/o power  hot water for estimated 6-10 days, but no homes lost so thankful! How's everyone?

Eight out of ten voters think Obama has done a 'good' job dealing with Sandy as Romney's poll lead is erased..

Tons Of Displaced Celebrities Are Staying At This Swanky Manhattan Hotel After Sandy by

Wow, the lines to catch a Manhattan shuttle at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn are huge!   #sandy

After what Sandy did to the Jersey shoreline, dedicating this #tbt to prom weekend, one of the best few days

#princeton public library runs out of IP addresses as the library is packed with a large number of users using it's wifi network #sandy

It's clean up time, but we MUST be safe in doing so. Here are a few tips to keep you and your family safe after Sandy!

Have you seen Caris Ayala? She is accused in the death of a 5-month-old child in Sandy Springs. If you have any

Michael Moore tears into CNN's #Sandy coverage during an appearance on

Later tonight - Who's up for some post-hurricane partying with two ex Talking Heads?

Smh the East. Side. Of the US can't handle hurricane weather like we can. Notice I didn't mention New Orleans.

Yeah there was a couple on the news moaning how it Sandy ruined their honeymoon!! Selfish, zero thoughts or humanity, get a grip.

Increasing supply or gouging #sandy victims? Uber charged 2x surge rates during recovery in NYC:

SANDY'S 349,000-GALLON OIL SPILL

I haven't seen this much devastation from a #Sandy since Grease 2. #heardthissaidtoday

Both! And you don't think Obama took advantage of Sandy to turn Christie into an ally?!

Red Hook relief drive next to PS 29 in Cobble Hill. #HurricaneSandy #Sandy  ht

FUCK YOU SANDY I ALWAYS KNEW YOU WERE JEALOUS OF MY STRAIGHT HAIR #gtfo #bitch

Clean and thought-provoking - Someone finally makes a good #sandy-themed web map with ArcGIS Online:

#Putnam County Executive Maryellen Odell announces that road closures have decreased from 115 yesterday to 45 today. #Sandy

Bon Jovi to headline hurricane concert: Stars including Jon Bon Jovi and Bruce Springsteen will perform at a benefit concert for the

The mayor of Seaside Heights is in tears on the phone on Anderson because of the damage from Sandy. #sosad

So Sandy and Nilam made a lot of people believe that the world is ending in 2012 indeed. HA! Like its that simple for

Wocha newb! Only just started myself a few weeks ago. How was the hurricane for you then?

Hugo Camps on the politicisation of Hurricane Sandy | De Morgen - Belgia

My brothers going to New York for a week for free, hopefully sandy won't be there

MT Largest MSF center in Haiti has seen cholera cases increase tenfold since #Sandy

#NADA Offers Car Owners #Post-Hurricane Advice on #Water-Damaged Vehicles

in no way is that sad. (a little sad, cause they're dealing with the hurricane instead) #ItsPhysical #OnlyLogical #WhatsLoveGotToDoWithIt

Latest weather map confirms center of #Sandy has left the USA. Cold weather will continue in NYC through the weekend.

lolol I just noticed your profile picture.  You've single handedly turned my hurricane mood around.

1 in 5 dollars raised for #Sandy relief could come from mobile   Who's donated via mobile #eas

Man riding bike hit in Sandy: Sandy, Utah (ABC 4 News) - A man riding his bike was hit while trying to cross a b

Power still off but we're OK here in Wayne, NJ. Thankfully, nothing like the NJ coast devastation pictured in the news. #Sandy

Dry ice will be available at Boulders Stadium in Pomona from 1pm-3pm. #sandy #Rockland

PCI Mention: Superstorm Sandy sends pets scurrying -

It sucks when a tree falls on your house. #Hurricane #Sandy

it took #sandy for me to have a cancelled class this semester .. cancelled classes by default lol

Forget the east coast I had a mighty hurricane this amwhat the heck!!!!

Watching Newark mayor feed here looks like Superman is at work. Does he ever rest? Amazing guy. #Sandy

NY Governor warns insurers not to charge hurricane deductibles

20% $$benefit #sandy #redcross See mineother #Instacanvas galleries,perfect time to browsebuy for xmas  via

Sandy won't keep them down! This Is What A Starbucks In Manhattan Looks Like Right Now

NYC's generosity shines through after #Sandy:  via

Thumbs up to SVB Hurricane Officewhat do you think?  on

There's an NBC #sandy telethon on Friday, with Springsteen:

anyone in the dirty jesery know where and i can find gas for our cars? Hopefully somewhere! #Njgas #dondeestagasolina?! #Sandy

#Living4theCity great track given that NY-ers are living for their city right now #sandy

Heard NYSC sports clubs are allowing anyone access to open locations: Showers, power, etc #Sandy

Interesting, Sandy had almost the same number of outages as Irene for (127k vs 125k).

How did Sandy's violent weather transform the presidential race? 3 theories:

As a proud NewYorker, are you working the Sandy concert special on #NBC?

The Performing and Visual Arts Fair in Boston tonight has been POSTPONED due to Hurricane Sandy and is currently being rescheduled.

Daily UFO Headlines 11/1/12 - UFO Sightings: Link to Hurricane Sandy and Moon Activity Filmed - International

Seems to me, all the nut-jobs chiding Chris Christie for putting aside politics to help NJ residents are not themselves from NJ. #Sandy

SOMEONE GET ME A EGG SANDY AND ILL LOVE YOU FOREVER

Be informed that we have service outages reported as the effect of hurricane Sandy.

Sandy knocked us the fuck out man

Almost a 2 hour long line of cars at a gas station in New Jersey due to the hurricane #unreal

Hurricane SANDY i can comment using my mobile but dont have any power to my home

See dramatic #HMSBounty rescue during #superstorm #Sandy using

No COMPASSION to victims -GOP Campaign Ad Callously Exploits Disaster With 'Sandy' Attack on Obama  via

All sorts of shit going on out here. Smh #Sandy

cleaning up after Hurricane Sandy hoe ass fucked shit up

Got lessons from SANDY that we must have big government.

partners taking a walking tour of #zonea #sandy #nyc #food #restaurants tweet back maybe we c

New York Knicks-Brooklyn Nets opener postponed due to Sandy :: PBA-Online!  via

The nice thing about no heat is you can leave your food anywhere  it stays fresh. #sandy

NYC Marathon Runs Into Post-Sandy Storm: The decision to stage the annual New York City Marathon in the Hurricane

Tech: via What It Takes to Get the Internet Running After #Sandy

Springsteen, Bon Jovi, Billy Joel to perform in superstorm Sandy concert to air on NBC

The U.S. Navy is sending three ships to New York and New Jersey to offer assistance in #Sandy recovery and relief. |

Day 4.  A beautiful sunny cool day in New York.   As if there never was a hurricane.  Still no power or water

Sandy Damage Estimate Raised to as Much as $50 Billion - Bloomberg: BloombergSandy Damage Estimate Raised to as

yesss THANK GOD. But it's still a struggle lol fuck sandy

good 2 cancel convention! Donate $ union wouldve spent to to help residents of #AC! RT if u agree #Sandy

What It Takes to Get the Internet Running After Sandy: Hot water and infrastructure weren't th  (via

I'm reviewing donation options for #sandy Charity Navigator Rating - Direct Relief International  low overhead

Ignores #Benghazi and suddenly is playing President for the cameras over #Sandy

#Sandy Those who laughed at Al Gore's #InconvenientTruth #GlobalWarming warning should want to review it. It projected #NYC  #NewOrleans

With #Sandy on our minds, now is the time to create an emergency kit for your family.Here's a #free checklist:

crew, working on cleaning up the Family entrance. Image of missing posters survived #Sandy untouched ht

Wes finds a nice spot to fish in downtown Manhattan. He finds it so quiet here, must be a well-kept secret. #sandy

Special Live from Locker Room 5 at 2PM today to discuss the next steps we will be taking to assist in the recovery of Hurricane Sandy.

Here is a link to UMCOR's page if anyone is interested in donating to help out victims of Hurricane Sandy.

When will humans learn that the sea will eventually reclaim its own territory! #Sandy

Unfortunate. NYC Hospital Exec On Sandy: 'The Impact On Science Will Be Terrible'

If ur trick or treating today and ur where the hurricane hit, ur fuckin selfish ! #hurricane #sandyonfox #sandy #halloween #trickortreating

Death toll in NYC due to Horror-Cane Sandy is 37 and counting. My Prayers are with those families who are suffering.

Jon Stewart looks at the downtown-uptown hurricane divide. WATCH:

Did You Think Pay Phones Were Just Public Toilets Before Sandy?

Commack Public Library is open on Thursday, Nov. 1 after #Sandy with electricity and WIFI:

If your heart is so inclined, please go to the Synod website and contribute to The Sandy Disaster Relief fund;

hey niall i'm a big fan since day one what about a follow to a surviver of the Storm sandy in new york!!

Most of Old Saybrook appears to be cleaned up following #sandy

Our RMHC colleagues  their families are in our thoughts as some are dealing with the impact of Hurricane Sandy in their homes. #Kinderfonds

My daughter loved the misty books  I wondered about the ponies when hearing Chincoteague in the news H #sandy

Chinatown Restaurants Rescue Tourists   Vegetable suppliers kept delivering even as the first rains of #Sandy arrived.

Dr. Jeff Masters' WunderBlog : Why did Hurricane Sandy take such an unusual track into New Jersey? |

A good, presidential statement--doing his job. Obama makes a pitch for national unity after Sandy.

very upset Anne Hathaway supposed to come to UWSP today ut cant bc of hurricane sandy.. #shittyluck

Respect for the amazing NY Police. Superstars. Keeping traffic moving with no lights. #NYPD #Sandy

Hey girlie. I'm good. We got a little wind and cold from Sandy but we're good. How are you?

I wonder what's up with my fatha since the hurricane. What has he been doing? Where is the roof?

Climate change, demographic shifts will increase hurricane costs by 'tens of billions of dollars a year.' 5/2012 report

Trying to charge my phone and save gas I only ran my car battery.. well its dead #Sandy #stupidity

Fuck you sandy. Postponing my Knicks game, thinking your cool.

Hope my fellow New Yorkers are hanging in there after Sandy!

Because of the devastation caused by Hurricane Sandy, the Eruv in Merrick is NOT up and is NOT operational. We

To the person who shares my #Sandy post: please reveal yourself so I can thank you. Quite the response in the past few minutes.

last night, ONE guy trick-or-treated, power outage, downed lines and no doorbells be damned. Kid really wanted 1/16 of a Snickers bar #sandy

Sandy Is A Political Wake-Up Call: VIDEO: What will it take for us to seriously discuss Climate Change?

Mayor Bloomberg says at least 37 New York residents have now died as a result of #Sandy.

Adam's Superstorm Sandy Update: The value of a phone realized.  (CrackBerry) #BB

I hope you're safe from the hurricane.

3) Also included in this neighborhood-specific #Sandy grassroots relief efforts: Lower East Side Recovers:  #LES #NYC

Seems like a lot of companies are jumping on the CSR bandwagon with Hurricane Sandy relief via

We survived Hurricane Sandy, now the UNPAN webpage is up and running!

Nothing makes me happier than seeing #Occupy and #Anonymous rise to the occassion of humanity in the wake of #Sandy

New York City After Hurricane Sandy - Forbes  compelling reading, even if you haven't been to NYC before. #welldone

Stars Come Together For Hurricane Sandy Benefit Concert: Christina Aguilera, Jon Bon Jovi, and more stars signe

You apparently are walking to work if you are in NYC area  #sandy

How will #boardwalkempire be affected by #sandy? Isn't it shot on Staten Island?

lolsee ur eye.school's fine, I'm at home now tho w got a week off because of the hurricane :)

Being a Hoboken refugee isn't easyhave you seen my nap schedule lately? I think I left it back in pre-Sandy Hoboken.

The Marathon is the last thing New York City needs right now |  #Sandy

I didn't finish my Joker set up from the last time. The only reason I had a lot of time to write lately is b/c of Sandy.

Will Hurricane Sandy Sink the Housing Recovery?The destruction caused by Hurricane Sandy has the potential to si

As tired  sleep deprived as I am, sandy ain't fuck with my money tho

My room looks like Sandy hit it. Smh

plz RT! Lets not forget the 4 legged victims of Sandy who need help.

WHY THE FUCK ARE YOU PEOPLE IN THE MALL GO HOME THERE WAS JUST A HURRICANE

I hope Pumpkin Wars is replayed for all of on the east coast with no power due to Sandy.

Benefit Concert to Help Aid Hurricane Sandy Victims! -

[VID] Best Hurricane Sandy News Bloopers via

Let's HELP! Join Gabrielle Bisset Hurricane Relief #helpsandyvictims

has the cheese slid off your cracker? Donate the 5 mil to the hurricane relief efforts

Papa John's will also be closed this evening due to Hurricane Sandy.

I hope everyone is doing okay, thoughts and prayers are with those affected by Sandy.

Anybody help me with Piers Corbyn's #Sandy forecast -- was it a win?

Is it possible to have a Sandy highlight? I'm eating lunch with my dad in Greenpoint and he just ordered in Spanish.

Hurricane Sandy 2012: How musicians are coping with the disaster | Up Beat - Yahoo! Music

RT What Will It Take to Get the Internet Running, After Sandy? - Hot water and infrastructure weren't the only things a

I read your email  I LOVE you all even more! Thank You for stepping up to support the Red Cross  victims of Hurricane Sandy!

I think he's a little busy dealing with Sandy relief.

i wonder if kara alongi is gonna tweet whe n sandy is in her house LOL

Sandy neither new nor the new normal.

sandy.ts midtr amle we andf ms u an 6pan 6panji ku.

Historic houses in Sandy's path fared mostly well.

u never gave me ur number and anywayscuz of the hurricane my connections fucked uP doo I'll jus show u on monday

#Sandy brings back memories of the early days of blogging.  Haven't left home or shaved in 6 days.

It's radiculous how AirBnB is waving fees to help with Sandy-victims, social responsibility at its finest.

Reminder:  is offering $425 off 1st 3 sessions for anyone struggling w/impact of Sandy. Your gifts appreciated!

#Sandy 76 Dead in the wake of Hurricane #Sandy Please contact us if you need burial assistance. Pls. RT

That bitch Hurricane Sandy took my piano book :'(

I changed my mind. I'm giving all my hurricane donations to Christie instead. #MittFlips

Wanna help out w/ #sandy relief?  I are going 2 swing by Palisades Community Church in DC this Sat w

U. of Florida team measured wind as Sandy rolled ashore | Gainesville Sun |

via JW:Why name hurricanes sissy names like Sandy?How about Hurricane Death Megatron 3000.I guarantee people will evacuat

Appropriate that the talk is taking place in the wake of Sandy. Dr. Jeff Mazo is co-editor of the journal Survival

. aka Al Gorleone, big chief of the International Climate Crime Syndicate, keeps using #Sandy for his personal political purposes.

en route last night to the city.. #chinatown #nolights #hurricane

Relieve your stress and Hurricane Sandy frustrations atTake Ah Wine  Friday, November 16, 2012!

New estimate for economic damage from storm: $50B. --  #Sandy

Sandy just wanted to make sure the Jersey Shore stays cancelled. #TooSoon ?

Seven fake Hurricane Sandy photos you're probably sharing on social media.

Seen in NJ: We have power. Please feel free to charge your phone. #sandy

Tips On Explaining The Storm To Young Ones: Millions of Americans are dealing with the aftermath of Sandy  #plano

Power OUT Death wishes On? RT Diem writes about dealing with trolls, her experience w/ Hurricane Sandy mo

RateTake: After Sandy, Car Lines 25 Deep at Gas Stations

LIVESTREAM SERVICE NOTICE DUE TO HURRICANE SANDY I just received the following update from Livestream indeed

For Builders, the Storm Could Be Good for Business: Hurricane damage will help construction companies and the workers they plan to hi

#PassionTip:Even in the mist of a storm,not just Hurricane Sandy,stick together  be supportive of one another- CUDDLE!

Sandy from above Photos | Pictures - Yahoo! News UK  via

Superstorm Sandy: Lehigh Valley starts to reopen, schools staying closed - GET UPDATES HERE

I have 2 bedrooms my house Queens n 1 br NJ free in my house if you were effected by #Sandy dm me. We must help each other Fuck the Govt.

So the transformers blew in lower Manhattan.  I always knew that Michael Bay would be to blame!  Him and #Sandy.

Due to Super Storm Sandy we will have to cancel our First Fridays for Nov 2nd, but come out to our Election Watch Party on Nov 6th

My customer experience with Sandy -- Cash Still Rules: 2 Sandy Tales of Customer Service

1 in 5 dollars raised for Sandy relief could come via mobile

great watching you draw this call to action cartoon #Sandy

Not true. We have full power at Times Sq and Lex locations. Free charging and wifi available to guests and public. #sandy

Springsteen, Bon Jovi, Billy Joel plan Sandy benefit: Friday 8 pm on NBC -

Governors Promote Lower Deductibles for Homeowners Read the fine print -- tropical storm or hurricane?

#Halloween may be over but many communities have rescheduled Trick or Treat  for this weekend thanks to #Sandy.

Ensure clean and safe water for you and your family in the aftermath of Sandy:  #sandy #clean #drin

If you wonder whether the SBC cares about social justice, watch as leads the way in disaster relief after Hurricane Sandy.

.. This NEEDS to be made known for people who don't have internet as well! PLEASE! #Sandy #StatenIsland

640,000 cars destroyed under KatrinaMORE under Sandy - maybe a boost for the auto industry and Michigan

We're working hard to deliver good food to those hit hardest by Hurricane Sandy. Donate here to support our work - http

Obama didn't release that stuff Donald Trump asked him to did he?I'm sure Trump would have gladly donated it to Sandy relief funds too

#Ford Motor Company provides $50,000 for Hurricane #Sandy relief efforts

well by god as soon as my practice i over we will ride to new jersey n see wht damage Sandy caused if ya want too

Helpful post-hurricane tips for #boat owners -  #sandy

Sandy cleanup: It's a tough job, and are doing it #solidarity #1u

Honestly NYU how u expect me to do all of these bs hurricane assignments when I can't access blackboard/AlbertThanks the concern,Angelica

Hope everyone remains safe. Here is some information about recovering from Sandy you might find helpful.

After #Hurricane Sandy, New Yorkers Struggle With 'Obsolete' Smartphones via Huffington Post  #nycsandy

The amount of panic is probably one of the most ridiculous things ive ever seen #hurricane

Still don't have no current after hurricane (sandy) but ah teefing some wifi  power just to listen to with meh dawg

Since you have $2,000 to bet, let's instead donate $2,000 each to hurricane victims now. Americans need our help. #Sandy

Hurricane Sandy economic losses now estimated to go as high as $50 BILLION (via

XO Communications network status updates are also available through twitter via #Sandy #XOComm

Kind of surprised -- in a good way -- that Hurricane Sandy is bringing about larger discussions on Global Climate Change. Even repubs are in

BX HQ dry. No power. Others not so lucky. Please think about donating time and/ or money to those in need after Sandy.

I uploaded a video  Sandy's Crippling Effect

Had the best Halloween ever yesterday!!!  Hope everyone else did too. My love to those dealing with that beyotch Sandy. 3

Nice of the tale end of Hurricane Sandy to show up for the Web Awards tonight. Bon Jovi playing an impromptu set too #WebAwardsRumours

Of Interest  After Sandy, Wired New Yorkers Get Reconnected w Pay Phones - Coin-Eating Retro Devices via

Since you have $2,000 to bet, let's instead donate $2,000 each to hurricane victims now

This is initial list of distrib centers city provided. We're working w them to add sites on west side.  #sandy

no a picture from hurricane sandy. Haha. A little bit fake.

classy move deciding to keep the money.  I'm sure you need it more than the countless victims of Sandy.

Scouts lessons learned during a hurricane #BePrepared

I always manage to avoid the natural disasters. Irene, Sandy, the blackout lol,  I was ghost for all those shits

MT For any #Sandy emergency request, please contact Will respond once tasked by NJOEM. #NationalGuard

Have #NewYork City office space? Desks to share, wi-fi  power? Please add it to #SandyCoworking Map mt  #Sandy

Somehow I feel that caused Sandy check his track record. Anytime an album comes out a natural disaster occurs. #hiphop

Rescues Continue in Flood-Stricken Areas; U.S. Toll Rises  #sandy

Thought things couldn't get any worse? Now  noaa's new storm-chasing robot survives sandy and reports back

Did you Hurricane Sandy prep work? Call our audio comment line  --The Feed

The ironynot what one wants to see when attempting to depart #LGA today. #Sandy aftermath #nyc

Homeowners could save thousands on deductibles after Sandy

PUKHTUNKHWA TIMES: One Result of Hurricane: Bipartisanship Flows

first flight landing in NY since Sandy and I'm on board.. hope my apartment isn't flooded #welcomehome

West Islip homes totally wiped out- like a dollhouse now. #sandy

Thanks to sandy, the fire alarm, and extreme procrastination I haven't been to class since Friday

Flight booked to Purdue. It was certainly looking like Sandy was going to win

At Christine Fey Tebben 's house first time since Sandy that I have been able to actually see the devastation of

A serious increase in cholera cases is quite likely following the floods from Sandy. I noticed this last trip that

If Sandy affects elections, I'm assuming the reverse is true.

NBC Universal, News Corp. Set Plans to Help Sandy Relief

Philadelphia airport back in action after Hurricane #Sandy. Hom International Airport (PHL)

Breaking News Greenwich: I-95 CLOSED in both directions due to possible gas leak #Breakingnews #Greenwich #Sandy

Washington Post poll finds 78% approve Obama's response to Hurricane Sandy, 8% say he is still black.

Now that The Sun has kicked #Sandy out of town, all is good in Ceredo, WV once more.

We were very fortunate during Hurricane Sandy. We are here for the guests so please feel free to reach out to us

Idk about you guys, but Sandy has provided me with the best sleep I've had in a long time.

How will people devastated by Sandy vote on Tuesday. Where are their registrations? The election should be postponed

Hurricane Sandy Forces Mitt Romney To Eat His Words About Rising Oceans via INHABITAT - Remember

Auto Insurance: Hello Everyone! We hope you are all safe after this disastrous storm Sandy. This has been very s

Crushed cartree just missed that house  hurricane Sandy u bitch u ..lol  YORK

The Walt Disney company has committed $2 million cash to #Sandy rebuilding efforts

Legends looked like it might float away during #Sandy - but the New Suffolk restaurant quickly got back to biz: http

Mr. President touring #Sandy hit NY NJ. Can someone enlighten me how that helps the situation? #JustWondering

TheFinancialExpress: 'Sandy storm damage could hit $50 bn': Damage from the mega-storm could hit %50 bn, disaste

What Songs Should Bruce Springsteen And Billy Joel Play At The Hurricane Sandy Benefit?

Sandy and Irene may be the new normal - Norwalk Citizen

Wall Street looks starkly different today from the way it looked on Monday morning. Two days after Hurricane

Due to #Sandy #RedCross needs blood donations SUPPLIES ARE RUNNING LOW  or call 1-800-RED-CROSS to schedule a donation.

I am trying to get help to my sister who lost everything in Hurricane Sandy please retweet

Superstorm Sandy hit the Northeast hard. We're okay in the Orange Bubble (powered by cogenerators and Shirley T's

Smh this sandy shit fuckin up my money wit my second job smfh

Yes Sandy caused massive damage Yes people died but its not any where near the amount of death and destruction we humans cause in this world

starting a name and shame list of biz's that turned people away from charging phones and laptops in Sandy's aftermath #sandyshame, #NYC,

Obama calls multiple times a day; FEMA has been here' - Cuomo #Sandy

Gutting my downstairs..fuck you sandy

#ConEd expects to restore power to most by Nov 10/11  #Sandy

Some of my parents roof blew off in hurricane sandy. Can we melt you down and use you as tar?

How #Sandy has affected the #CRE market  via

Mitt Blows it on Sandy: Did Hurricane Cost Him Election? Likens cleanup to rubbish/paper products from football field?

NOT EVEN A DAMN HURRICANE ALLOWS ME TO ESCAPE YOUR RELENTLESS JUDGEMENT

livin da lyfe hur wit da hurricane. What about yourself?!

heartening account of prescient #journalism: Sounding the Warning on Preparedness for Hurricane #Sandy

National guard  Park in Manhattan getting ready to distribute water #Sandy

Sandy's Most Delicate Rescue Was Fertility Clinic's Embryos - ABC News#.UJKZD4Wf87A  (via

Our thoughts and prayers are still with everyone affected by Hurricane Sandy. Be encouraged and do what you can to

Groupon Hurricane Sandy Marketing 'Fail': Company Advertises Staten Island  - Huffington Post: Groupon Hurric

With sadness I have pulled our teams from Bethesda Tourn. Priority is the safety and well being of our MFC families  all affected by Sandy

Hurricane Sandy be damned, we still have to vote. So consider this:

For those impacted by Hurricane Sandy, Hunterdon County announces voting hours at the Clerk's office. #vote2012

haven't seen the sun in a week thanks sandy! :(

At least 16 electric cars burned up in the storm. #Sandy

Hurricane Sandy's Impact on Commercial Printing Seen as Minimal

Sandy tests data centers' disaster recovery skilz.  Good thing they have all those generators, eh,

Via Smart Power #Grid May Have Lessened #Sandy's Impact w Dr Greg Reed

Utilities trying to restore power in PA after #Sandy.  #pa811

I'm gonna firebomb all the buses in Brooklyn. Worst commute yet. #sandy

Donates $100,000 to Support Hurricane Sandy Relief Efforts :

Artforum Diary one day after #Sandy by

#hurricanesandy taught me one thing. I have really exceptional hurricane game. Having a car and power is like

McKibben was just with #OccupyBoston--during Sandy--only other person to speak on #climate,

Just donated to CUP fund. To fellow partners dealing with #sandy - we've got your back. Thinking of you in Cana

NYC Marathon Runs Into Post-Sandy Storm: The decision to stage the annual New York City Marathon in the Hurricane Sandy-ravaged city

Hurricane Sandy and mobile health | mHIMSS  via

Very sad: Bodies of 2 Staten Island boys, believed swept away by Sandy's surge, found in a marsh.

P!nk tweets a photo of her and Carey rocking their Danny and Sandy halloween costume this year!

Don't let #sandy get you down! We've got a list of hot things to do around town this #weekend  #fun

The street cleaners have been up and down the street all day sweeping up the leaves and branches in the road left behind by #Sandy

and we really should have a post-Sandy drink gathering after the power is restored for all!

But bush aint fuck wit yall coon or white person during hurricane katrina  He almost forgot yall niggas

#News Ashleigh Banfields mom at sea during Hurricane Sandy

If you have not heard we have extended our #AMCAS application deadline to Nov.8 due to #Sandy. #PreMed, #MedSchool

Never Fear Iran Is Coming Here to Help with Sandy Aftermath:  via

Mad family I still haven't heard from in ny to sit still and act like that hurricane ain't effecting me also smh

New Bluegrass Supergroup: Hurricane Heather: I first reported that Republican U.S.Senate candidate Heather Wilso

No matter the party you vote for, you have to respect what is doing on Twitter in the aftermath of #Sandy. #Respect

These guys enjoyed their bickes in the dark in #bikenyc:  #cycling Spending quality time with #sandy

Back in NJ and now waiting for gas. #fun #sandy

we should put together a sandy charity event

Yes- lucky to have been prepared and then been spared the worst of it. Hope they retire the name Sandy. Total bitch.

More good news. on Hudson St. in Hoboken is giving away free hotdogs for the 3rd Day in a row.   #Sandy

can't even decide what colour it is it's like an ashy brown blonde sandy colour or smth -__- but i hope this means comeback soon

Pre Sandy preparation with in Brooklyn on the promenade #strandedforaweek

5 of Salem's 6 pumps needed to cool  nuclear reactor are broken after #Sandy, plant remains on emergency cooling:

u didnt comment on harricane sandy

Beware of charity scams in wake of Superstorm #Sandy   via

Beating the bus bridge, or not: Post-#Sandy commute adventures on train, bus  bike  #commuting #brooklyn #manhattan

Thoughts  prayers go out to everyone still recovering from Sandy.  I've been w/o power since Mon but greatful family all safe

Leaving Manhattan, heading to JFK. Happy to be heading home, a once in a life time experience#sandy

yeah I'm just having a cup of coffee got done cleaning up some leaves from Sandy

I didn't get to celebrate Halloween because of Sandy :'(

Hackers Unite! Help #Sandy Victims. Join #HurricaneHackers on  and follow   via

How does it feel to b a hurricane xxxxx

I liked a video  NOJNP IS BACK?!?!?  HURRICANE SANDY PHOTOS

speaks on Hurricane Sandy, gives props  #SandyNJ #phlinq

Maybe gangnam style was a rain dance and we've brought this on ourselves # sandy

Your not jersey strong bc you have no power. Your jersey strong if sandy ruins your house and hurts your family and you

You don't have to wait for #FEMA to come to you. Reach out to them at (800) 621-3362 or  #sandy

Fact 304: I actually have respect for Gov. Christie for his handling of Sandy so far. Never thought I'd have some respect for him. #366Facts

After Sandy, gas lines stretch for miles - Cars and pedestrians toting jerry cans are queuing up for hours at gas st

hope your doing ok after the hurricane..

Survivors of #hurricane #ike and #katrina: What's up with ppl are talking about #Sandy problems as tho it was the 1st storm ever??

During this crisis w #Sandy put politics aside to help all Americans so let's help AMERICA again and vote 4 #

Update: We have power back! Thank you to everyone for their patience. #Sandy

Okay sandy I've played about every board game there is its time to give me my power back please :(

Mitt Watch: What Sandy Tells Us About The Candidate And His Party  Romney is simply not Presidential material. #P2

In the movie 2012 new york was the first place that flooded and what happened now sandy just hit new york in 2012

#sandy 3 color codes for bldgs Green is safe, Red not safe,Yellow conditional some floors not safe, each bldg has a placard

Bruce Springsteen, Jon Bon Jovi, Christina Aguilera, more in NBC special for Hurricane Sandy relief

Bruce Springsteen, Bon Jovi, Billy Joel to perform in benefit concert for Superstorm Sandy

Video via laughingsquid: Hurricane Sandy on Bikes in NYC

hey, have you heard from ?? Sandy is in his direction.. bit worried :o

The Watch is the shit!!! love this movie~Sandy is a Bitch! Ny is pulling togetherWonderful peeps setting up tables of food for everyone!

My first #Sandy thought was to save my dress shoe collection. Working in #NYC #nightlife has dramatically changed my #priorities #ferragamo

Update News  Cuban recovery from Hurricane Sandy will take years, agency reports:

Obama looking like new man post Sandy. Confidence up, dealing with crisis. Romney searching for traction, but strug

Pretty sure Sandy was sent to make sure there would never be another season of Jersey Shore

Buffalo only saw some scattered showers during Sandy. So all our vehicles were available, yes.

UPDATE: Search Ends For 2 Staten Island Boys Ripped From Mother's Arms During #Sandy Surge

holy crap! that's insane :( I hope you find one asap! damn sandy

Pay Phones Are Suddenly Important Again Because Of Sandy: As some New Yorkers try to stay co  #charlesephillipsjr

Hurricane Sandy A Major Money-Making Opportunity For Many Businesses  via

so in the movie 2012 the world started to end by newyork flooding.. hurricane sandy. and when obama gets reelected..

has set up a resource site for small businesses impacted by #Sandy:  #smallbiz

Where is the  #Sandy Benefit concert being held (venue)?  Just curious

hurricane sandy was a big bad bitch I still have no power you stupid cunt sandy

feeding site info page for Long Island #sandy #sandyvolunteer

[CBSNewsOnline] Mass transit woes hinder NYC Sandy recovery

Today is my first day at work this week and I'm exhausted. I miss hurricane naps. Also commonly referred to as (no) power naps.

Must be too much to ask for a little #grace from a towing companies during #Sandy. No available spots except under big trees #RiskMgmt #Fail

Looking forward to more updates. Sandy Delivers Blow to Northeast Wineries  (from

So, my dad was supposed to come back to the US 2 days ago but Sandy has stranded him in Israel.

Due to the aftermath of hurricane sandy npws will be rescheduling this weekends events to a future date

Check out the latest #MarineCorps News: 26th MEU deploys in support of Hurricane Sandy disaster relief   #SemperFi #USMC

RT As transportation opens up, we're able to get more resources  people to help #Sandy response, incl 8 Coloradans today.

Slow markets post Hurricane Sandy

Tails of Two Cities: After Sandy, Research Rodents Meet Different Fates in New York and Baltimore - ScienceInsider

NYC transit resumes limited service in the aftermath of #Sandy (VIDEO)

. is monitoring for signs of increase rat activity as a result of #Sandy and will respond accordingly.

Wow -Hurricane Sandy: The Aftermath  via

I wonder if sandy wanted to be a hurricane for Halloween..

BREAKING: Bloomberg endorses Obama, saying #Sandy  climate change had affected his thinking about campaign.

stands ready to help its customers affected by Hurricane Sandy. Call 1-866-749-0854.

Our hearts go out to everyone affected by hurricane Sandy.  We are here to help, if you need anything, please call!

Many of you have asked what we're doing in response to Hurricane Sandy. Click here to find out:

unable to access google-maps, maybe #sandy effect

Superstorm Sandy Reminds Us Why We Need Government  via

Anyone out there still need help recovering from Sandy? We haven't forgotten about you.. Let us know if we can help!

Thanks to all the Hurricane Sandy rescue workers!!!#sandy #flood #storm #hurricanesandy #smallpotatoes #cut

UPDATE: Hurricane Sandy Could Cut Into Holiday Spending

In Sandy's wake, candidates back to aggressive cam:  President Barack Obama leaned on the power of incumbency

LOOK ** Airbnb Waives Fees For Sandy-Affected Users, Encourages Lower Prices From Hosts

Adventist Church president offers condolences in aftermath of Hurricane Sandy: Special offering will raise   #ANN

Sandy broke my basketball hoop. #MyLiiiiiffffeee

ConEd: majority will have power restored by weekend of November 10th/11th; the rest - 1 week later. #Sandy

Special Hurricane Bloomberg Backs Obama, Citing Climate - New York Times: Capital New YorkBloomberg Backs   Sandy

Is your work using #Sandy to its advantage? Email Jillian.Berma

Yes, We Knew A Year Ago and So Did Mayor Bloomberg the likelihood of the #Sandy Scenario for NYC would occur. #p2 h

Bruce Springsteen, Bon Jovi, Billy Joel To Rock Hurricane Sandy Benefit: New Jersey-born rockers Bruce Sprin

And in 2012 there was one catastrophic hurricane that destroyed 100 miles of coast line.  What's Ur point #Trump?

A USA w/ significant debt  a sluggish #economy will not be in a position deal w/ crises like #Sandy  other threats.

#Sandy super storm may benefit #Obama next week !#Americans during hardships stand by their president .Done deal for President Obama next Wk

Now that we have made it the storm Sandy watch out for SCAMS thata are looking to take your money or

News U Can Use: Long Islanders Use Facebook, Google Docs to Find Loved Ones Post-Sandy: Whether looking for a

wow they postponed the BK and NY game because of Sandy !

.cleaning up the damages thanks to #Sandy in the crib ..  blasting Yeezy  #GOODmusic

A valuable life experience courtesy of Hurricane Sandy.  Don't underestimate disaster preparedness, especially http

Thank You Mayor Bloomberg for your Leadership  Endorsing President Obama #ClimateChange #Sandy #FEMA

The Post #Sandy trend story: What the weathermen are wearing

Thank you for donating $100k to the for #sandy relief.  Western Union is happy to match that amount.

Any ideas on where to get #gas in BK or MN? #sandy

shame your politicting while not saying what youd done dif from #sandy because u cant much like foreign affiar huh?

FT Laud beach still a mess Thanks #sandy  No pun intended..

This hoe sandy has forced me to take part in #noshavenovember

are u serious!?!?!? Cause of Sandy and power outage?

bloomberg is only endorsing obama just to get funds for Sandy

Sandy's Gas Shortage Fuels Panic, Tempers: Some gas stations in New York and New Jersey are stil  #TeamFollowBack

#9Words come again sandy and finish every thing

all worthy causes to consider :: Post-Sandy Volunteer  Donation Opportunities!! Food Systems Network NYC

Saw utility trucks from Madison, Wisconsin in   Stamford, #CT today.  #Sandy

Read this wrong..wondered who was going to play Danny! #Doh Bruce Springsteen to play #Sandy benefit concert

I hear Bloomberg is also blaming the CO2 bubbles in soda pop for Hurricane Sandy

Our thoughts and best wishes to all those affected by the destructive path of Hurricane Sandy.

Map of post-#Sandy #NYC #subway service to start at approximately 6 a.m. tomorrow.  #UASI

You know what would help Obama? If he blamed Hurricane Sandy on this==

how are you fairing in the wake of sandy?

We sent CBS3's chopper over shore towns. Cape May, Atlantic and Ocean Counties. Watch starting at 4pm to see how they fared from #Sandy

Even thru the effects of sandy, me and still find a way to continue our probably almost 2 year long poke war #dedication

#sandy In #StatenIsland  want to help? Far away  want to contribute directly? Go to FollowRetweet!

Insensitive or completely dumb? LeAnn Rimes wears #Sandy costume as storm ravages East Coast   v

MT R U a LexisNexis customer affected by Hurricane Sandy? Contact us at 866.749.0854 2 C how we cn help.

In 2011, Hurricane Irene caused more than $15 billion in damage on the East Coast. How #Sandy compares in size:

ughhhh all I've been eating lately is saltines and animal crackers and cereal and non perishable foods bc of the hurricane

MT #njgas #loc BP on Hamilton st in Somerset nj #sandy

Checkered Blog Virginia Task Force 2 Deployed to Aid in NY Hurricane Clean-Up: The Hampton Roads area, came thro

Hurricane #Sandy may have made the mayor publicly get off the sidelines in the presidential race  #election

no one needs you to donate sperm to the victims of hurricane sandy so don't even ask

Everyone ragging on despite their seriously helpful service during post-Sandy. Apparently some people don't understand economics.

lolol its weird cause i live in West Islip but ive been in New Orleans on vacation when Sandy came. Ironic?

NYC Michael Bloomberg endorses Pres. Obama; Cites handling of Superstorm Sandy and Climate Change as decision maker #CNN

I just wana get back home to Carolina  Sandy why TF have you made this so difficult

Hurricane #Sandy as Greek tragedy:  Years of warnings ignored; end the climate silence! via

'Years of work' lost as Hurricane Sandy drowns rat colonies at NYU disease research labs: In addition to d  #tech

Rachel Maddow Slams Romney's Post-Storm Campaigning: Sandy Is 'A Real Disaster.Not A Plot In A Sitcom'

Did AC unit used to cool Bloomberg's SUV this summer cause Sandy?

Oh, and: Star Wars, presidential election, Hurricane Sandy, Halloween costume, gas prices.  That should bring me up to speed, Tweet-wise.

Pls tweet this link out if you can. My friend Liam  his family lost everything during #Sandy  thanks3

Pay Phones Are Suddenly Important Again Because Of Sandy: As some New Yorkers try to stay connected wit  #atlanta

the costs of not having the marathon will be higher than #Sandy's damages?

You can donate to the victims of Hurricane Sandy through the Louisiana Baptist Convention Disaster Relief Fund

Some great photos of the American Heroes who were first responders for Hurricane Sandy. Thank you to those brave

Worst part of the hurricane so far is that the restaurant I'm at ran out of crab cakes. #fml

Mayday Parade - Jersey came on as i was watching the American 'Sandy' storm in Jersey. It is just the song for that.

at least you can go get some easily ;p  next Santalope drive should be for east coast children affected by Sandy

You know what's kicking my ass today? Thinking about displaced/lost pets from #Sandy. I'm seriously heartbroken.

ATLANTIC *Full Update* NASA Adds Up Hurricane Sandy's Rainfall from Space NASA's Tropical Rainfall Measuring

Almost got into ten accidents today because of gas lines and no street lights thanks #sandy #gonebutnotforgotten

News Corp and NBC are two of the most recent broadcast companies to contribute to Hurricane Sandy relief.

from #sandy and Oyster Creek: a reminder that this is how most nuclear emergencies evolve, not Fukushima or Chernobyl.

Why would FEMA workers have their credentials confiscated by NYPD officers? I hope it's just a nasty rumor!! SMH #sandy

Three years ago, I lived in a cute little basement studio off Avenue A. Today, it's being probed by hoses pumping out the water. #sandy #nyc

Today would've be my Friday but I'll be going in tomorrow to make up for the time I missed thanks to Sandy

what happens when we run out of gas? #sandy

News: What Hurricane? October Sales Slow Slightly, Continue to Grow | Today's News

Piles of food laying in the garbage outside SOHO. Because better the rats get it than hungry people. #Capitalism #Sandy

How's this for context: the amount needed to repair damage from Sandy is 2% of the projected cost for Obamacare.

Hii :) just got home starting to rain again.. It's the effect of the hurricane in NY and there.. will not stop:/ wby?!:) 3

Time-lapse video: Watch Sandy hit NY.  Scary stuff!  #cnn

We at CARMA are all keeping those impacted by Sandy in our thoughts and prayers and hoping for a speedy recovery.

Hurricane Sandy = apocalypse for lower manhattan. No power, hot water, cell service, Internetnothingbu

Email to #Obama: Climate Change  Rising Oceans: Sandy is a small example of Climate Change.  #Dems #GOP #tlot

I was thinking the opposite! Sandy gas caused me to diet Because our food is all bad and no stores have power to feed us

After #Sandy, how do we plan for the future? #AAASmtg session on Environmental Challenges and Adaptation in Cities:

I liked a video  Hurricane Sandy with the WCFD

you look very Presidential in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy

You finally sobered up and dropped the lunacy about Sandy being a punishment for not embracing Islam huh..

Bad MT In #Haiti, cholera cases in clinics have nearly doubled since #Sandy. from 500 to 800 per week.

Free (bite) of Cake Bakery on Friday Sandy interrupted our plans; last week we hit 5,000 Likes on

For elites, #Sandy is simply an intellectual object lesson: The know they can comfortably survive the larger Disaster they've been planning.

NBC doesn't always make me happy but  the fact that their news trucks are letting ppl charge up their electronics 4 free is awesome. #sandy

Maryland's Frederick County Adult Detention Center without power due to #sandy

just saw the concert 4 Sandy commercial and thought of your 30Rock episode where u prerecorded one #ClassicJackD #SandyHumor

A4 It depends on if you're stranded in places directly by Sandy or are hung up by cancelled flights. #TNI

Hurricane Sandy: Disney donates $2M to relief efforts: BURBANK - The Walt Disney Co. announced a $2 million dona

Mashable News New York Tech Companies Struggle to Rebound After Hurricane Sandy

Yes the hurricane is tragic and r.i.p to the ones who list their lives, buy that last tweet was pretty funny

Snooki Vows To Clothe Hurricane Sandy Victims  #ifollowback #tv

Sandy Snarls NY Oil Logistics, NYMEX Gasoline Deliveries  #money

Most of my DC Comics were destroyed by Sandy.  My apartment was completely flooded.  I'm crushed. I love DC..

Since NY is getting a concert for Hurricane Sandy, who should perform in Miami when we get a Hurricane?

Cleaning my closet today to donate clothes and whatever I can do the victims affected by sandy! I'm

Missing Staten Island toddlers swept away by Sandy found dead (cbs): Share With Friends:  |  | Top Ne  #USA #News

#GOP attack ads against #Obama seen as attack against US president who is leading emergency response to terrible storm. #sandy

thats good i never lost my power after the hurricane(:

Transformer Explosion Hurricane Sandy, Cliffside Park NJ:  via

Attention Chelsea  West Village NYC Residence, called and power is to be restored by Sat at 11:00 #Sandy #hurricane

refuses to waive 150 fee for 86 grandma cant travel 11/8 due to flood #really #disgraceful#sandy

Not even Hurricane Sandy or a power outage can stop us from playing Monopoly Deal. We got out head lamps!

Thank you Islip Town Supervisor for his leadership and tireless efforts #SANDY #LongIsland

Correction, Syfy will be air the Hurricane Sandy relief concert Friday at 11.

Governor, the residents of New Dorp, Oakwood and Midland Beaches need aid. Please get the message out.  They need help #Sandy

NYC gig cancelled due to hurricane sandy or still on?

Worst pic Ive seen yet. Seaside Heights, NJ. The roller coaster to the right. Via   #Sandy #disaster

the NFL donating $1 million to the Red Cross for hurricane relief, that's amazing.

EDMers Azurii misses YOU! For those who haven't recovered from Sandy, best wishes and positive vibes to you all!!!

The huge branch that came down right next to my house. #Sandy #StatenIsland #helpstatenisland

Bizarre delusion:A strange,implausible yet deeply held belief eg:Elves mow my lawn or Hurricane due to Gay Marriage

A COTM, has deployed three teams for Hurricane #Sandy relief. Member tells the story:

I ride my bike to work for second time ever and someone tagged my seat before Noon! #midtown #420musicupdate #sandy

after a hurricane comes a rainbow! Square

Wishing a speedy recovery for and all others affected by #Sandy.

That day I was a partygoer, yesterday I was dressed up as a hurricane nomad looking for Wi-Fi signals :P

The American Red Cross has raised 11 million dollars in relief efforts following Hurricane Sandy. Read more here:

No more Sandy. I'm off to Cali

I'm pretty upset that I can't watch the #cma awards because I have no power thanks #sandy

Damage at UNHQ after Hurricane Sandy: In the days after Hurricane Sandy, a boat equipped with engineering divers

MT JUST IN: In wake of Hurricane #Sandy, NYC Mayor Bloomberg endorses Obama for president

Pets Lost and Found in Sandy's Wake - ABC News - ABC NewsPets Lost and Found in Sandy#39;s WakeABC NewsSuperstorm S

#Sandy was not a sign of disastrous global warming. It was a muthafuckinbigass storm. They've been going on since the Precambrian  some!

Dnt let the aftermath of sandy stop u from gettin to the polls

The New York State Department of Health has activated a #Hurricane #Sandy Assistance Hotline: (888) 769-7243.

this is what trying to get gas in North Jersey looks like right now. unbelievable:  #sandy

No, but my guess is that Sandy intercepted the ball for Obama at midfield :-)

Industry News: Michael Moore Challenges Piers Morgan On CNN's Hurricane Sandy Coverage

Apple will sue Sandy for copying Apple Maps.: Apple will sue Sandy for copying Apple Maps.

I'm sad((( so painful to see how this Hurricane #Sandy destroyed those places where you have been  strolled

As an entrepreneur without electricity during #sandy I would like to thank for accommodating everyone and th

Nearly 500 Mo. volunteers are on the East Coast helping with #Sandy aftermath.

Deferring my NYC Marathon registration to 2013.  Thoughts and prayers are with the residents! #nycmarathon #MayorsFund #Sandy

#IL is sending 15 ER responders to NYC to help officials coordinate recovery efforts in the aftermath of Hurricane #Sandy

y'all messed up w/ that oil spill. Y'all can make it up by sending some gas to the areas affected by sandy

what a crock of shit this article [and headline] is. capitalism is as reponsible for sandy as gay marriage is.

I am surprised I have seen NO ONE dressed as Sandy from Grease after the disco pant obsession.

Should the city have canceled this Sunday's NYC Marathon?   #Sandy

Salvation Army is collecting funds to assist Sandy victims,providing meals  shelter Text the word STORM to 80888 to make a $10 donation

Newark mayor discourages travel, praises eateries  via #Sandy #Newark #CoryBooker #travel #NJ

We saw Obama N war room pics 4 Bin Laden and #Sandy Where are the pics of #Benghazi 911 murders? Show us the emai

Really looking forward to swimming across the East River to get home in the dark tonight. #Sandy

Our thoughts and prayers go out to those affected by Hurricane Sandy. You can support the Red Cross with their

Wish I could, Sandy has me grounded. B in New Haven 11/11 tho.

The #Athletics Community Fund will be accepting donations to help support those affected by Hurricane Sandy along the Eastern seaboard.

Team Travis answers the call for help from Hurraicane #Sandy  #Solano #AirForce

Meet the former NASA climatologist who warned of climate change decades ago. And has been vilified ever since. #sandy

Sandy almost got me out of work grr

it's not just the immediate damage Sandy caused that's a concern. Many of us are displaced from work  have no income *stressed*

No Bloomberg is not playing politics after Sandy, he is realizing the dire consequences of climate change after Sandy.

What if 'Gangnum Style' is like a hurricane dance and started the hurricane in the US

Yet another downed tree #sandy  hook

Slap me and call me Sandy because I'm about to tear up your east coast! #toosoon

Yesterday, NPCA put out a statement on Hurricane Sandy and impacts on national parks. Our thoughts are w/ all impacted:

aww thank you :) My uncle's puppy :) How are you? You live in NY right? I hope Sandy didn't cause too much to you :)

Facebook, Twitter abuzz with hurricane chatter: Facebook, Twitter abuzz with hurricane chatter Associated Press

Seriously?Using this Hurricane to make a political point, why doesnt donald chump just donate

Feeling blessed as I see how #Sandy has impacted my family and my neighbors.

Sandy's wrath impacts Caribbean occupancy

From NYC Mayors Office Need food and water on Staten Island? Head to Yetman Ave and Hylan Blvd now. #Sandy

#BlackHawk 's at South Street heliport. I wonder if they're using any other heliports in the city. #Sandy

What If Gangnam Style is a hurricane dance?

Praying for all my NAMily affected by sandy I love you ladies! #staystrong

Photo: A warm-hearted scene after sandy

My friend's picture - there ARE nice people in this World! :) #Sandy #NewJersey #USA

Here's Why There's No Gas In The Northeast: Having survived the hurricane (with scars), New York and New Jersey

From NYC Sandy Evacuation Zones:  A map of the different evacuation zones for New York City during hur

Pets Lost and Found in Sandy's Wake: Superstorm Sandy's destructive path took lives, forced people from their ho

good, i hope Sandy didnt do anything to you, #horriblestorms

Whats good, How did Sandy treat you?

Three days after #Sandy, six Yonkers public schools remain without power and two have partial power, mayor says. All schools closed tmrw.

This is how you can help victims of Hurricane Sandy.  Please do if you can!

Live in California, $donated, give platelets and feel so SAD for Sandy help. What else can we do? We want to help!

thank you for keeping us notified during #Sandy with reverse 911 calls.  I had landline forwarded to cell and received all.

fucking spongebob couldn't handle his bitch sandy of course the hoe started acting up

down the gummybears and turn on the news-hurricane devestated lives-idiot comment you made

Celtic Cowboys were cancelled for In The Water Front on Saturday because of Sandy

The Republican Blame Game! Nominees for the loss are: Hurricane Sandy, Turncoat Christie, Obama ads, liberal media, Rio and the Bossa Nova

just a bunch of super annoying stuff dealing with work since my office has been closed since the hurricane. nothing big lol

We need #foodjustice: post- #sandy Without Electricity, New Yorkers on Food Stamps Can't Pay for Food

After Sandy, Obama and Romney return to aggressive campaigning

Omw to class, only class dis week. Thanks to Sandy!

Obama's perception shift via #Sandy really shows he only performs adequately if there is  the pressure of an election less t

Pictures from Hurricane Sandy aftermath |

There were no hurricane watches or warnings issued by the National Hurricane Center for NJ ahead of  Sandy's landfall

Photo: Cover Of The Der Blatt Newspaper Reporting About Hurricane #Sandy

Time Lapse Video of Hurricane Sandy from The Top of the NY Times Building

Hey no response from the Top Chef kitchen, has #Sandy gotten the best of them?

Hurricane Sandy Aftermath: Scattered reports of looting in areas of New York, New Jersey - Crimesider  via

I KNOW PEOPLE YALL ARE STILL RECOVERING FROM HURRICANE SANDY HITTING US HARD, AND I STILL MY OVERFLOWING PRAYERS

SANDY SURVIVORS - Stay strong,take it 1 day at a time,it`s painful,it will get better,help each other,not everyone has money,HELP EACH OTHER

#SandyHurricane! awww!! sandy is the name of my mom :/ lol

Mayor provides update on outages, state of the city after Hurricane #SandyNJ, read on ht

C'mon folks - if a traffic  light is out, slow down  treat that intersection as a 4-way stop for everyone's safety. #Sandy #commonsense

Imagine how the pilgrims must have felt when their candles went out. #Sandy

kensington, brooklyn during the week after a hurricane is a lot like Farnham, Surrey, UK any old week of the year, minus the starbucks

TopStory: Light and Dark: How Sandy Created Two Manhattans - Since Hurricane Sandy's storm surge on Oct. 29 flooded

Sandy death toll keeps climbing: The US death toll from Sandy tops 80 as swathes of the East Coast battle to recover, three days afte

Everyone I know is crawling out of their skins from NYC #hurricane boredomand I am looking at pictures of lovely hair for #fun

CNBC article on NYC startups working during #Sandy aftermath. Our Brooklyn office at gives me FOMO

Maryland executive order extends absentee voting deadline for those who left their county of residence b/c of Sandy

MY LAST VOLLEYBALL GAME AS CANCELED BECAUSE OF THE HURRICANE WOW HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHA HA HAHAHA HOW FUCKING CUTE

[WV Metro News] Sandy May Have Caused Church Fire

It's times like this that I'm thankful that I'm as laid-back and relaxed of a person as I am. #Sandy #njpower

good thing 'ole sandy does too then huh?

LGA is open tomorrow! I can go to Florida! Now what about NJTransit and getting home to vote? #election #sandy

We are having another Red Cross phone bank to raise funds for victims of Superstorm Sandy.  Lines open until 6:30pm, 1-888-363-0023.

I might not agree with all of your positions, but I think you have been a wonderful leader through #Sandy

Jearsy Show Is Over IThink The Strom Sandy Distroyed There Place Well Thats What The News Said.

Hurricane #Sandy Tests Wireless Infrastructure, Forces Carriers To Collaborate:  (via

Nuclear plants in US after Sandy

On the Runway Blog: What We're Reading Now (Besides Hurricane Sandy Aftermath Updates): Style news we're   #style

Is it bad that I can't stand to hear anything else about hurricane #sandy? #ItsOverMoveOn

Communications nets getting better post #Sandy, reports

Watched a marathon of while sandy destroyed everything outside. Only thing that kept me sane.

I have done my best to be cheerful and take extra vitamin D, but this weather can suck it. #Sandy

HT Sandy's warning to #NorthCarolina head-in-the-sand lawmakers  umm-derrr$50 bill THINK! #NC THINK!

This Is What Social Media Looks Like in the Sandy Blackout Zone [PIC]: Social media addicts without  [Mashable]

Has anyone else put on some Sandy lbs from eating like you will never ear again or is it just me?

WTF MT Disaster capitalists, start your engines! uses #Sandy to push for big box stores

Yahoo: Steelers alter travel plans due to Sandy (The Associated Press): PITTSBURGH (AP) -- The Pittsburgh Steele

Nice to see Superstorm Sandy get blamed for the weather over here. Was waiting for that to happen.

Out of curiosity, is Hurricane Sandy still making international/national news? I feel like the scoop of this is just setting in

People stand in line for fuel following Hurricane Sandy in Staten Island

It will, Sandy/Bloomberg effect. Yet all eyes on OH Tuesday night. BTW glad you're OK.

Martell's Tiki Bar used to be here! #sandy #hurricane

Go shop at small  independent businesses in NYC  NJ. Many are in recovery now  may not survive financial hardships like #Sandy #fb

Oh God I hope you find him #Sandy, Our prayers are with you and all effected by #Sandy.. Hope all is well..:(

All Love's locations have power  are up  running to serve our customers. Keeping everyone affected by #Sandy in our thoughts  prayers.

And ppl from the South have the AUDACITY to say hurricane Sandy wasn't that bad

More Than A Dozen Fisker Hybrids Caught Fire And Exploded In New Jersey Port After Sandy  #tcot #teaparty #rva #p2 #tlot

WZZM, Red Cross team for Sandy relief telethon: WZZM 13 and the West Michigan chapter of the American Red Cross will

They're saying Atlantic City Casinos' losses will be massive. Well doesn't that mean millions will stay in the pockets of families. #sandy

the maniacs pull in bc they think it has gas. I'm the worst#sandy

The port of New York is finally reopening. Oil tankers can get through, so gas stations should be getting their first gas post #sandy

I have it, been the highlight of my week #sandy #16thfailed

#Obama says he'll get Gov't regs out of the way of #Sandy relief. what does that say abt Gov't regs??? #tcot #ocra #teaparty #RomneyRyan2012

#Sandy was on climate change steroids.  It's time to take action.  Parents, bring our program to your kid's school

What a heartbreaking but heroic story - Nurses 'breathed' for babies after Superstorm Sandy shut down hospital

Arcade machines out on the street after Hurricane Sandy

Yikes, more bad weather on the horizon. Wonder if this storm is related to Sandy

how to build a bike-powered generator. educational programming for post-sandy new york.

Prayers and Condolences go out to all the families that lost a love one in that horrific hurricane on the east coast.

That is cool to hear you can help neighbors with food who did not prepare or can get to stores due to #Sandy

Lawson warns of Sandy-related schemes: Secretary of State Connie Lawson is warning those who have bee  #fortwayne

FBI offers tips on avoiding charitable scams: In the aftermath of Superstorm Sandy,

A lot of people may clown the Bronx, but we got the least amount of damage in NYC from Hurricane Sandy. #ImJustSaying

For Americans n victims of Sandy May God bless you all with ease of life. Regards  #HurricaneSandy

I've been like this all day. I blame #sandy

Smh Sandy dun took the house I grew up in  Put my newborn cousin on life support  Smh

What better time than now to hit niggas up for money! If they can't help after a hurricane they ain't gone Neva help! Hah

Time magazine used Instagram to cover Sandy   Here's why, writes ht

I liked a video  Final Fantasy 13: Hurricane (30 Seconds to Mars - This is War)

New vid! :D MW3: Sandy, The Internet, and Christmas!:  via

Minister warned us to watch the weather Then came Hurricane Sandy. The Fall Of America:  via

Gasoline remains hard to find for many hard-hit survivors of super storm Sandy.  Listen here:

being gone 3 of 4 wks this month+sick kid+Halloween parties+nervous energy while keeping up w sandy/musical=serious tv night

Sandy needs to leave my family and the others alone.

guys! the real live crane! #themostdangerouscrane #thecrane #sandy #nyc Park South

Seeing so many Missourians heading to the East Coast to aid the relief effort and begin the rebuilding effort is quite amazing. #Sandy

this idiot Sandy killed more than 40 people  F..K YOU U BEEOTCH

Hurricane Sandy? Julia Shumar's fault

ive had enough of sandy, im just lucky to be alive and to have my house still in one piece.

#fuuuuccckkk why does my wifi randomly brake. Sandy is that you?

Been loving this week so far school was cancelled all week and tomorrow too because of the hurricane :)

Just saw President hugging and reassuring the woman whose marina in Brigantine was hit so hard by Sandy. Left me in tears.

how come you at starbucks useing wifi cause of sandy?

WERE HAVING ANOTHER HURRICANE ON WEDNESDAY!

think Sandy was timely- may prove to save us from having clueless Mitt in the White House.

Sure hope you're surviving the aftermath of #Sandy (and have a full cell phone charge!)

Still no power. Not looking good in the next couple of days. I look like a mountain man. Lit a fire to stay warm with the bourbon. #Sandy

NZ Red Cross supports Hurricane Sandy victims - Voxy

New post: Hurricane Sandy Update-Flint Road/South Toms River

The HIMYM episode with the hurricane in NY is on right nowIs this too soon?

I know the hurricane affected New York/America really bad, but it also affected so many other countries that the media

Somewhat ironic that the US  wind power are major talking points on #BBCQT  neither are related to a certain hurricane #Sandy

So this model chick is going around and using the destruction from hurricane Sandy as a background for her model

I CAN'T LIVE IN NEW YORK ONE DAY IF ITS GONE. DAMN YOU HURRICANE SANDY. ):

Due to hurricane #Sandy, lessons have been rescheduled for this weekend or next week. Stay safe #LittleChopins!

Pretty sure #bauerthedog is enjoying colocating w after #sandy

#bbbcqt nuclear is a no-no..the reactor in up state New York was threatened by #sandy .

caranddriver Early Post-Hurricane Scan: New Car Sales May Get a Bump, Inventories Not Hard Hit: With it bei

Here you have my new track recorded the same night that #sandy was pushing #newyorkcity. I was about to name it Sandy

RIP to the 2 and 4 year old boys that died during Hurricane Sandy.. They were swept out of there mothers arms So

I am so thankful that the only way sandy affected me was no power!  Some people lost EVERYTHING #prayingforthem

Unbelievable a Marathon ?? People are still looking for loves ones lost due to #Sandy this Mayor of NYC is all about the $$ so sad

Run The NYC Marathon is scheduled to be run Sun. in #Sandy aftermath. Is it a good idea (NYC shows strength) or bad idea?

AWESOME ~ Power-sharing from neighbors in Hoboken New Jersey:  #Sandy

Fuck you Sandy. Fucking tramp.

You might be the lamest person in the world if you create a fake twitter account for a hurricane

Yay! I'm currently stuck in apt (first hurricane, now tonsillitis), but definitely call me when you get here. I'll DM my US number

For many people, the last few days have been among the most trying they have ever experienced. Hurricane Sandy

Surreal Scenes of New Jersey After Hurricane #Sandy

Post-#Sandy most in Santiago #Cuba don't have electricty/drinkable water. Thousands of houses without roofs. Tough situation.

Yeah, Queens NYC is the part that got hit really hard by Sandy,  114 houses destroyed.

uh. nothing is worse than the stress of moving. Except maybe a hurricane. It could always be worse right. Hang in there.

Photo: dumbskaterkidsfromthemission: RODNEY TORRES - POST HURRICANE SANDY

#NationalGuard has been everywhere thanks to #Sandy. Never want to have to see that on #LI again. #Respect t

I knew there was no way of these kids surviving, but so horrendous none the less.  #Sandy

Just saw over 300 cars in line eating for gas. Do you think LI is struggling from Sandy?

JFK reopened Wednesday morning with limited service after Sandy forced area airports to close for two

Nation bracing for impact of Hurricane Election just days after the devastation of Hurricane #Sandy

Tree down in Brooklyn; Hurricane Sandy

:) Hurricane Sandy has nothing on mee lol .. well trees blew down, but we r good over all thx, im sure kingston is fine also

Romney viewed hurricane sandy from a helicopter, Obama viewed it on the ground cleaning up hugging people. Democrats take care of our own!!

screw you for getting hurricane sandy stuck in my head #bestfriendprobs

You have got to be kidding me. This fucking hurricane ruined the Jersey shore. Long Island is in 3 PEICES. Wtf.

I feel bad for the animals :/ fuck sandy

Back online after Sandy, my prayers go out to all of those who are still suffering! May GOD watch over you and keep you safe in JESUS name.

#theend seeing how people act #sandy gas lines and fist fights baby

My thoughts and prayers go out to all of my colleagues, customers, friends  everyone's family who were involved with Hurricane Sandy.(hugs)

Bank of America stepping up their social media and overall internet public relations campaign (advertising) #ows #sandy #FollowTheMoney

Sandy hasn't blown this hard since she was at the drive in with Danny Zucco.. #hurricanesandy

#News A lifeline of tweets as Sandy raged: Emily Rahimi, who tweets for the NYFD, stayed at her po  #TodoSobreTec

And now for some positive Hurricane Sandy news.

(NY Post Natl) 18 people busted for looting at Key Food in Coney Island: Dennis ClarkHurricane Sandy ha  #AK

$S: Sprint Nextel reports it continues to restore service to customers impacted by Hurricane Sandy

Romney compares Sandy relief to cleaning up after high-school football game:  via OMG  OMG  OMG

Maybe Hurricane Sandy blew the trailer out the window #GTAV

Ive been without power for over 3 days now -_-, fuck you #Sandy

My niece lost her home to #Sandy. Tonight she's leading a donation drive in a #Rutgers dorm 4 kids Yep

Safe travels! Our crews who'll be helping with #Sandy outage restoration boarding a plane for New Jersey earlier today

Duke Johnson is Miami Hurricane football

taken Tuesday AM, some of the 6 big pine trees blocking the street, a partial path was cleared today; #Sandy #CT

Ask The Experts: Sandy highlights citizen journalism/broadcasting relationship - Broadcast Engineering (blog) ht

u do kno a hurricane just hit there a couple days ago right?

We have power back!!! Classy crystals survived Hurricane Sandy!!!

#Sandy I write from Miami; this is HEARTWRENCHING. What is going on? Earthquakes, tsunamis, hurricaneswhat next? :(

Smh this man didn't let a woman and her two sons in his house during the hurricane and the two boys bodies were later found. Really?! Smfh

New blog posting, Congress may step in for Sandy aid -

lol!! I reordered this months ago, but Sandy messed everything up

The #Trendease Team sends well wishes to all of you in the New York area.  We hope for a speedy recovery in the wake of Hurricane Sandy.

Anyone wanting to help victims of Sandy: gather clothing, canned food, bottled water blankets etc and call or deliver to local military!

About to edit some pics of Hurricane Sandy from Coney Island's perspective. I had a front row seat of it's

Dam The Channels Are Freezing These Banks Are Closed No Traffic Lights Spongebob And Patrick Really Got Sandy Mad

What w/hurricane happening  all totally 4got 2 sign up for #sixsunday. Oh. Well. Looks like I missed chance 4 random cover spot, too.

I saved a whole lot of money by switching to Sandy!

Its unreal what is going on with the aftermath of that Hurricane.. i remember 3-4 days prior watching something

I'm shellshocked. The situation in Red Hook, four days in, is heartbreaking. #Sandy

N.J. to get $10M in emergency relief to repair roads, bridges in wake of Sandy

at the end, I've never love my birthday :/ but what about your Halloween?! Have u done something? Or Is Sandy still there!?

NBC to hold Sandy benefit, Bon Jovi urges donation | Online Athens

How pathetic is this people are using Hurricane Sandy to scam people out of donations. #THATSADAMNSHAME.

I wish I could donate my clothes to the victims affected by Sandy :(

Hurricane Sandy Observations  Reminders For Preppers:  via

Baby delivered in church hall by doctor doing Hurricane Sandy.  #CRAZY

Reuters: Big banks waive fees in Hurricane Sandy aftermath - NEW YORK (Reuters) - Major U.S. banks, including Bank o

Sandy Came To Town - Today I wanted to show you the back cushions for my kitchen banquette. I was going to make them

Non-NYers, I'm literally begging you to please text REDCROSS to 90999 to donate $10 to assist in Sandy relief efforts.

Can you guess which wire bow Bub made and which one I made? #hurricanesandycrafting #sandy #nopower

fingers crossed! Been there w/ a hurricane before, but it was an early October storm  warmer

#psychiatry twts: For Many, 'Superstorm' Sandy Could Take Toll on Mental Health: People who were impacted by the

Napolitano Uses Effects Of Sandy To Promote Cybersecurity Executive Order . Other than lip-service, what else do

Hurricane Sandy's agenda is to make the Federal Government look necessary.

mayor  bloomberg king of new york: Coney Island NYC's Hurricane Katrina

Missing the #CMAAwards on due 2 no power frm #Sandy but small inconvenience compared 2 devastation in my neighboring towns :(

Baby, there ain't nothing like a memory, when its coming on strong like a hurricane.

In the movie 2012 they said there would be flooding in new York in October and there has been flooding in new york from hurricane sandy.

This is completely crazybut simply amazing what a hurricane can do  via

Got power back last night following hurricane Sandy. Nice weekend ahead with my son, girlfriend  her 3 boys #lifeisgood

MT New app developed to help match those in need of supplies with those making donations- #Sandy's List

My dog's name is Sandy, stop saying bad shit about her.

These photos, wow. Hurricane Sandy: The Aftermath

Donate to the Hurricane Sandy Responder Relief Fund

oh my god I literally thought it was Sandy and I was shitting it, did it hit you bad or?????

the shore will be better than ever in no time #sandy will relize what she did and fix it!

It would be really nice to have school so I could see everyone and forget about #sandy for a day.

Nah, I'm just another dumb Repub engaging in the war on science! But yeah, Sandy was our fault. We should all buy hybrids

Maybe this one is clearer  more effective? #Sandy

#Support our friends  families. #Sandy #Relief  Give what you can #SouthFlorida.

awesome. I'm doing well. Busy with work. Getting back to normal after Sandy.

been iffy to get to places. When I got back here tuesday after sandy left me stuck in queens I had to bring a cab. but cabs get

Blog: 19 Viral Images That Definitely Aren't Hurricane Sandy

I've been totally busy with chaos caused by Sandy and work, but from looking at Twitter periodically it's clear most have turned on 6. #Jets

#Sandy definitely coined this phrase - IS BROOKLYN IN THE HOUSE?

Sure, first responders were pretty brave during Sandy, but reddit users were the real heroes. #sandy #YOLO #SomethingISayAlot

Fireman rescues dog from Sandy

Wasn't Romney just chided by dems for holding a food for Sandy?  People starving and now eating from dumpsters in NYC.  #p2 #obamafail

With running in #sandy 's  aftermath. Ran thru a street full of live wires and ripped up curbs from trees #epic #we'recool

Crashing at just like after Hurricane #Katrina. Can we never, ever do this again? Please and thank you.

back to my normal life after Sandy. :D  #GetGlue #tvd

Every Home In Broad Channel, Queens Affected By Sandy: The storm surge also tossed boats onto Cross   #jerseycity

So Bon Jovi's participating in a hurricane relief benefit for NJ.  Haven't they suffered enough?

Guys I need your muscle right now, we need to find out where seniors at Far Rockaway Senior were evacuated to. #Sandy

Psst. Sandy? That all ya got?! [audio]  #YouCantMakeItUp

I Havent Spoken To Himm Since Sandy , : (

I bet she's not laying out anywhere near Hurricane Sandy!! //t.co/4FMBX8cD

Mf's Mad Because #WetGang Flooding TL's Like Sandy Btc Its Gone Be Here Forever so Deal Wit It!Yo Tl Dry Af Anyway it needs #WetGang #Turnup

Southern Baptist disaster relief committing all resources east of the Rockies to Sandy to reach 400,000 meals per day

Still having a hard time comprehending the damage #Sandy has caused. #CT #Jersey #NY

Hurricane Sandy pushes hardware store to open early - The Hour

Obama takes a noticeable uptick after the hurricane. How does that reconcile with decreased polling because of Sandy?

I really need to clean my room Look like hurricane sandy came through there. Smh. Lol

Glad you are safe. Much love to all those who are experiencing loss from this hurricane.

week before election, obama spends 3 days dealing w/#sandy, romney faked it, 'n people diss obama for returning to campaign? | #NoGOP2012

:/ first me a hear say hurricane season extended to December 3-| and stuff sigh.. #SignThis:|

East coast devastated by hurricane, people died, Obama in Vegas. Deja vu.

My conclusion from this whole experience: Sandy is a bitch. At least I lost a week of school

Even if the election next week comes down to Nevada, I'm certain we can all find a way to tie it back to the hurricane.

Hurricane Sandy a black girls worst nightmare

the jersey shore house must've gotten messed up cuz of sandy

Help the victims of Hurricane Sandy -- if you are in NYC and you have clothing/food/water to donate, please come by!

Air Force flies Edison repair trucks from West Coast to NY to brighten lives dimmed by #Sandy. Story, photos, video:

SANDY REAL AFTERMATH JOBS  MORE JOBS CREATION FOLLOWED BY OUR NATL. ECONOMIC MULTIPLAYER MEANS RECOVERY.

Support Washington West Film Festival this weekend. All box office proceeds go directly to Sandy disaster relief.

I think both our ships were sunk by Sandy.

Sandy knocked out the power, so I drank all my eggs before they went bad.#bodyguy

With news of disasters like hurricane Sandy and Star Wars Ep. 7, you really need to share a relaxing hour with me at 9PM on kwlc. #youneedit

Thank you Brad Paisley for remembering us. #CMAawards #NJ #NY #Sandy

When is Trump going to donate to Sandy relief?

Communities come together in times of crisis, namely #Sandy. Some personal insight by musician Barney McAll in NY

Mother Nature catches a Fairy flitting around after Sandy

The good in people - 24 Amazing Acts of Kindness After Superstorm #Sandy   via #sandynyc

NSP crews from Truro in U.S. to assist with wrath of Sandy  #NovaScotia

Did you hear about that new drink called Sandy?Its a watered down Manhattan..

you bring a *smile* to your face, even during #Sandy  #SocialMediaRocks

Took my last anti anxiety pill last nightbashing my head into a wall. Should have refilled my script before sandy. Lord help me sleep tn

This byatch Sandy did massive damage to South Jersey..people really didn't think it was gonna be serious

Sandy fuck up jeresy shore

Shorter fire fighters: Please remember that Romney wants to cut our jobs #sandy

A glimpse into life in NY's forgotten public housing complexes. Power is out, no help to be found. #sandy help!

We hope you are all doing well through this challenging time - both Hurricane Sandy and Halloween candy!

Even with hurricane sandy in nj i drove to my cousins to watch u on xfactor. WOULDNT MISS IT FOR THE WORLD!! Love u

for Google maps  SCYC Sandy photos 9th  Bay in Surf City

They reran the voice for hurricane victims whi didnt have power early this week.  gets double the ratings the thurs shows get

Major props to Jersey Shore for having make a statement before the show about the Hurricane.

#NW #JerseyShorecrazy seeing how Seaside is supposed to look, and how it looks after the hurricane :(

So do you think Michael Moore will make a movie blaming George Bush for hurricane Sandy?

Hurricane pix tree split and fell on church.

wat if gangnam style is a big raindance a d we brought hurricane sandy on ourselves

You can help survivors of Hurricane Sandy.

After dis hurricane is over I'm a find a bitch named sandy n fuck her world up

If you can, please donate to help those affected by Sandy.

I uploaded a video  Hurricane Sandy Anderson Avenue, Fort Lee / Cliffside park.

Watching the news and seeing the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy. Damn.

Today was made easier with the company of from the riding along and providing support. #sandy

Damn Sandy fucked New Jersey and Stanton Island up so fucking bad!!!

Easy to do  can change peoples lives: Time to help our fellow familia affected by #Sandy  #latism

This is astounding:  Interactive before-and-after photos of Sandy's destruction.  I especially noticed Erin's

Honestly I didn't expect this much damage from the hurricane. But it shows how strong we are when we stick together #Jer

#NewYorkCityMarathon. What possible reason would there be to have a marathon in the midst of the devastation post Sandy? It's insanity.

my headphone en reach yet nassau better stop playing sandy been gone from sunday

Rockin tonight! #cmaawards Hoping family/friends in Milford (?) CT are OK. #sandy

(Call (702)-RENTERS) Stranded In Vegas By Sandy? How To Stretch That Budget:  Sandy is gone but the  (RENT VEGAS)

Signs of progress, though damage and heartache remain after Sandy: Editor's note: The aftermath of Superstorm Sa

We should be grateful for what we have.. Lets not forget that sandy left a greater a path of destruction in less fortunate/privileges areas.

you dont need to work or go to school for a while bc of sandy

This fucking sucks. Fuck sandy yo

yes shit got me tight like im in the heights no sandy effects on me so wtf

Agree. Those that stayed behind cited #Irene, so a #Sandy hurricane warning wouldn't have mattered IMO. Unfortunate but true.

Seeing the disasters of Sandy in New York and on the shore, I'm just really grateful that nothing serious happened here.

Hey RT? Anthology for #Sandy victims has 20 committed #authors. Could always use more.

I'm just wondering if you still hold the same views about first responders now that #Sandy did her damage.

Appreciate your concern 4 people with lack of Hurricane call. It does help them in recovery w/less insurance deductible right?

Commuters Use Online Carpooling to Comply With Post-Sandy Road Rules: After Superstorm Sand  #mobile #marketing

It's crazy thinking how badly New Jersey and New York were affected by Sandy

Commuters Use Online Carpooling to Comply With Post-Sandy Road Rules: After Superstorm Sa  #SocialMedia #Domain

New post: NFL and NBA Agree to Donate to Hurricane Sandy Relief

I don't think I could survive another day without electricity!! I've never seen my town this dark and dead outside! #hurricanesandy #sandy

whats left of it anyway, thanks sandy

i though sandy was going to be like irene nothing really happen. but i feel bad 4 jersey shore. its detroyed ~shaye

watching #Sandy videos partly to inform myself but mostly because i miss new york accents

Hurricane Sandy, an opportunity for Chinese media?   709 stories. So far.

Starbucks Online Newsroom: Starbucks Foundation Donates to Hurricane Sandy Relief Efforts  #storystream

how about another show at the jersey shore to raise money for those who lost their homes in #Sandy?

If Obama can't help Americans affected by the hurricane-how can he Btrusted protecting us if a global war broke out?! Eas

#sandy This will take me back in its history

#NYmarathon how sad that money takes precedence over human misery and suffering at such a time #Sandy. What does that say about NY?

Incredible but not surprising how many national correspondents have direct ties to the areas hardest hit by #Sandy

A few shots of the Hoboken, NJ station and yard. They are going to be busy too.  #NJ #Sandy

Hope you are hanging in there after the hurricane!!!

Prayer for all those for strength to endure the hard road after Sandy.

i feel like sandy took a detour through my feelings before she left

An interesting art related read, post Hurricane Sandy;

THIS IS A MUST SEE! Tribute to rebuilding the Jersey Shore after Hurricane Sandy:  via

I am thankful for not living where the hurricane hit and that not many people died as could have.

besides, other countries werent hit by sandy..

Is there any kind of effort/fundraiser that the University of Alabama is doing 4 Hurricane Sanday relief efforts? I want 2 help! #UACHAT

Two immediate needs for Sandy survivors: food and help with flooded homes where FEMA nor insurance will not help. Church filling the gaps.

#Sandy: per EJDione. Government  is the enemy until you need a friend.

Pics from remains after hurricane #Sandy :-0Follow link for more pixVia

we prepared: cow evacuations, cut down trees near power lines, set up generators, #sandy was high winds

Oh my God, thank you Sandy, you`re so sweet!

are you ok? I mean Sandy and so on. Is the weather in Florida good?

How the heck is tomorrow Friday? This week went by SO fast. Thanks, Sandy! :)

Cardinal Dolan pays visit to Staten Island communities devastated by Hurricane Sandy: He pays visit   #jerseycity

Drove through lower Manhattandamn. That's a once in a lifetime sight. Pitch black on all the side streets. #Sandy #Manhattan #NYC

didn't see cars piled up like that sandy!!!youre pictures were nuts!

u see he hasnt offered to donate the 5m to #Sandy relief? What a treasonous douche

Dang never thought New York would get hit by a hurricane

We had this idea. Can you help? Let's Raise Money for Victims of Sandy During The Marathon | Facebook

Estimate of Economic Losses Now Up to $50 Billion: Damages from Hurricane Sandy double a previo  - NY Times #News

Finding Gas in New York City is not easy after Hurricane Sandy  Express

Obama's promise four years ago to stop the oceans from rising and heal the planet hasn't worked out real well for #Sandy victims.

If you have the means, donate to help victims of Hurricane Sandy by going to  or, to donate $10, text REDCROSS to 90999.

its hot here! Aren't u in Canada! Is Sandy still there?

I guess snookie Getting  pregnant wasn't the only reason why the show stoped. thanks Sandy. It's kind of ironic. Don't you think?

we need to be sure we take care of our friends in #Statenisland They are in serious need after #sandy.  I am worried about my friends

About 19 percent of cell sites in the area hardest hit by Hurricane Sandy were still out of service on Thursday as recovery  #imgeek

#Sandy did not discriminate ..we are all in need of help no matter of party affiliations..No talk of Bain Just Pain

I'm so glad I don't have to go down to NYC for another 2 weeks.Hoping it'll be an easier commute by then.I don't do well with buses. #Sandy

Sending out my prayers to everyone affected by #Sandy.

My prayers are with those on the east coast hurt by hurricane Sandy.  #collegecash

ID checks, curfews, pitch darkness and the sounds of generators, sirens and helicopters just another day post #sandy

only america would have twitter accounts making fun of hurricane sandy. yea thousands of people dying is HILARIOUS

fridge inspection! the ricotta salata did not make it #Sandy #minorcasualty

There's a new drink out called #sandy. Its a water down Manhattan.

hey babygirl! Did you make it through Sandy ok? I was thinking of you 3

Sandy Strains Hospital Care - Wall Street Journal: Economic TimesSandy Strains Hospital CareWall Street JournalS

DELANCEY  FDR. LOWER EAST SIDE. #sandy #hurricanesandy #blackoutcity

Fuck that hurricane sandy shit. They didn't care as much about #HurricanKatrina.

So, how long until we imprison hurricane scientists for failing to prevent Sandy?

People are posting  reblogging a picture from the movie 2012 thinking its a picture from Hurricane Sandy. Seriously?! People are special.

#FollowBack #fb #tfb From a chopper, Sandy's devastation leaves indelible imagery - Philadelp  #jfb #teamfollback

I just witnessed an enormous line of cars waiting for gas at a station that's not fueling. #Sandy

Social Media News Commuters Use Online Carpooling to Comply With Post-Sandy Road Rules

Haha safe from Hurricane Sandy

I have been watching Foxn news for almost 3 -4 days since Sandy. They have been talking about benghazi but not about Sandy where 88 lives

There is #nyc putting tourists first by running the marathon while most people are in the dark. #sandy

Shoutout to my brothers on the East coast for helping with the disaster of Sandy.

From here in Manila, a NY marathon would send signal to the world that NY will overcome Sandy. It's a message of hope.

Foto: macbo0k-pro: I want chicken nuggets now but I cant because of damn Sandy.

my aunt told me ' nj gonna have a second hurricane

There's a new drink called the #Sandy. it's a watered down #Manhattan. It's served in a #hurricane glass. Too soon?

i wonder how many babies were made in the the Northeast while the power was out due to Sandy

#NYC - Showplace is offering FREE Bowling, Pizza,  Soda Tomorrow, Fri 10am- 6pm Bring your kids #StatenIsland  #Sandy

After Hurricane Andrew, it took almost one year before I could move back in. I feel the pain and will pray for everyone.

you were right to act quickly, they only stopped collecting tolls because of the exposure.#greed #sandy

it's going to get real ugly I'm afraid if the Gov doesn't move faster. #Andrew #Katrina #Sandy

all my thoughts are still with everyone being affected by #sandy #haiti #usa #madagascar #fb

How One Local Business Survived (and Thrived) Through Hurricane Sandy: Neighbors help pump wa  Cray Tweets Update

Governor Malloy: Gov. Malloy Announces Insurers Cannot Impose Hurricane Deductibles in Connecticut

Sandy, you gave me a great week off, but I'd really appreciate it if you gave me my power/cable back #please

S.I. cop said c. 300 Sandy victims are in body bags at Staten Island U. Hospital, Fireman said 200.

Uh oh! We lost some friends bc of our Sandy joke. Too soon? Or not soon enough? It's not like we said we wish Tebow drowned in the Hudson

thanks it is cold too! Boston was ok after Hurricane Sandy tho some lost electricity still. Prayers to all in NYC and NJ.

Its ironic that the city that gave birth to TARP just before 2008 election, gets Hurricane Sandy right before the 2012 election. #ActofGod

On the blog: Post-Sandy, open for business. (Photos)

Great to be a hurricane going to win the coastal

Interesting followup: Why Time Magazine Used Instagram To Cover Hurricane Sandy

New hurricane rumors are BS! It has no gas to get to the East Coast

Hurricane Sandy Update for our friends in Charlestown  Westerly:*Property owners in Charlestown can assess

If some Muslim clerics are saying Storm Sandy was punishment from God then what about earthquakes  floods in Pakistan over past years

lmao I don't trust them niggas sandy the only time they've been right about the weather

Sandy's death toll at least 75 in US, as tales of tragedy and heroism emerge from devastation | Fox News  via

Prayers to all of those touched by Hurricane Sandy. 3 3 3

people have lost their lives, families, love ones and their homes due to this hurricane and ur making it a joke???

:-D  might have to wait sandy really did do a bitch here NYC.

seeing all this hurricane sandy stuff makes me sad, knowing i have a lot of friends that live in jersey and new york just makes me sad. :(

this isn't fair to use in NYC following twitter blowing up while siting here with tv #sandy #letmewatchnbaplease

Obama turned his back on Benghazi and then headed to Las Vegas. The exact same thing with hurricane Sandy. Turned his back an went to Vegas

Praying for strength and guidance for the thousands of people engaged in relief efforts. #sandy

I Don't Know Yet .. The Hurricane Threw Everything Off

Also I'm glad the hurricane brought home and we got to spend a few day's worth of quality bff time together #muchneeded

Nonunion Ala. crews turned away from Sandy recovery   Obama backslaps w Christie on a job well done

now eBay talkin' about my package may be delayed cause of Sandy?!

Today, I fully realize just how traumatized I was frm hurricane Sandy the aftermathJoy will come in the morning!

Lolll Truee , Lol Sandy Hit Myy Ass #Rtt

Also on #NW16AM talks about in the wake of #Sandy. Joe w/ the weekend forecast  when we might see some sun.

Lewiston Residents Mourn Loss of HMS Bounty Crew #Sandy

145 Hydro One workers from Ontario are making their way to Boston to help in the effort to bring power back. #Sandy

Anyone know of any great post-Sandy sales?

Over a thousand people died in Katrina. New Orleans was massively depopulated for years. Sandy's bad, but hyperbole solves nothing.

If they think , I'm but going to school because of another hurricane on Halloween  , Nov 7 . They got it twisted .

HURICANE SANDY:  LAWD HAVE MERCY.

ok! tomorrow I'm playing for #Sandy relief! Whatever I win is going to #RedCross. If I don't win anything, I guarantee $50.

MY CONDOLENCES TO ALL THOSE WHO LOST SOMEONE(OR SOMETHING) IN THE HURRICANE.

Dear America: #GOP's HQ, was focused on #Obama instead of helping your country prepare for #Sandy. As the death toll rose. #Obama

I think I'm impressed at how US dealing with #Sandy, resilience. Reminds me also how much I dislike republicans  that Obama could be worse

Palin Says Hurricane Sandy benefit Friday night: Bruce Springsteen, Christina Aguilera, Billy Joel, Sting, Bo  #teaparty

they'd get it I bet lol. Id rather deal with a hurricane than an upset rager haha

My North Atlantic report: Hurricane Sandy sweeps north through New England  via

I share deepest sympathy with people who suffered due to _hurricane_ sandy in US. May the good Lord comfort them in their

A few days before Sandy hit land we were told by an expert at John Hopkins University that power may be out  7 to 14 days

#39 is insane MT These photos show the enormity  devastation of Sandy

True but, I haven't been there in a week because of sandy babe. Hbu?

Come back to Long Island when this mess with Sandy is over with! :D

DiBella Entertainment will host special-edition fundraising Broadway Boxing card for Hurricane Sandy. Subscribe

no lol. Sandy just gave us some rain and wind. Snowflex is there thou!

Remember how hard the press went after Bush for Katrina? Obama got all his photo-ops in with Sandy, but what has he actually gotten done???

Will Pres Obama leve Sandy victums with more broken promises, he promissed the sun and moon, will he deliever

Media crucified Bush on Katrina---crickets on obama on Sandy

The reckoning of Sandy: The slideshow shows how Hurricane Sandy significantly affected vast areas in the Caribbe

This bitch Sandy Sum Other Bitch Word up . I need power camping at my bra house not the wave i miss my comfortable BED now

Am I weird because I wonder how the Friends and Seinfeld characters would be dealing with Sandy?

most on right view mentioning #sandy as desperate narrative of left. GOVT WORKS!

oh how I miss thee! Sandy has made me sad. I'm afraid to go back in two weeks and get a meltdown.

Uh yes. Forever Hurricane Mgn.

So Sandy cleanup is continuing and the election is less than a weeZOMG APPLE RELEASED iOS 6.0.1

in NJ the governor made Halloween Monday because of the hurricane.

4 shot latte is jolting my eyelids around like curtains in sandy

Tv series newyorkers better don't watch right now: Revolution #Sandy

conservatives meanwhile believe two things that fit: 1) #sandy is really bad 2) not bad enough to care keep Obama

Hurricane Sandy a warning that few here are prepared

As you all already know, Church has been close since this past Sunday due to Hurricane Sandy. The City has been

#realestate Really? Sandy threatens housing recovery: Real estate news and views from around the globe that make

Interview: Dr. Radley Horton on #Sandy, climate change, flood risk  NYC

I live in nebraska. Come at me Sandy! #Canttouchthis

Still planning to record new album with Nelson Riddle Orchestra, despite Sandy's interference!

Lets see- #sandy started n South America- traveled past Caribbean- past Florida,NC to NJ  NY  they couldn't put fuel trucks on stand buy?

RT: If you agree  should give the rest of campaign $$$$ to the victims of #Sandy and rebuild voters have decided!!

Nor' eastern winter storm bears down on East Coast still reeling from Sandy |   via

I didn't even realize yesterday was Thursday.  Hurricane Sandy had my week all the way messed up. lol.

Funny that we barely speak to one another and we share the same dwellings, now things have changed#SANDY

The worst thing to happen to New York isn't Sandy. It's the Mets.

Anderson Cooper had some pretty good coverage on the damage from #Sandy

in case you missed it, I built a of my expeditions into powerless post-#sandy manhattan by both day and night:

Would be awesome somehow if  (or big donors) could donate some of those million$ buys to Sandy victims. #SandyHelp

Dear Hurricane Sandy, Lights? Bitch my crib smells AMAZING!  And fuck a Seaside boardwalk, shit gave me splinters. Ol' Ratchet ass Bitch.

Want to help your sisters in crisis due to Sandy. Click  to donate now. We need your help to provide

Thinking and praying for all those in the aftermath of #sandy  My heart hurts for your pain, be strong!

After 3 decades, what % of electorate can't handle seeing post hurricane images of gas lines?

New hurricane sandy video coming out.  Hurricane sandyafter dark.

NJ must not be too desperate for electric crews, as they're turning away some just because they're non-union:  #Sandy

Hurricane sandy was almost as bad as the holocaust

What ever happened to Hurricane Chris? Is he still hollering Ayy bay bay?

RT I don't trust Republicans - that Chris Christie - I just don't trust morbidly obese people he's earned my trust. #Sandy

Almost half of NYC #Sandy deaths in SI

Sandy should of taken the rest of your famz

I liked a video  Hurricane Sandy: Cubans clean up after parts of the island are devastated

S/O to hurricane sandy i see you baby shaking dat ass lol

very good in handling  the hurricane sandy thing by working with in essense a republican governor christie, and a

Sewage issues, mold, bed bugs, festering drowned rats The Big Petri Dish (formerly known as the Big Apple). #sandy

Scope of Sandy's devastation widens, death toll spirals: NEW YORK (Reuters) - From New York City's Stat  -Reuters

Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney ended the campaign truce brought on by Hurricane Sandy to hit the road

but like hurricane party when i ge back we going hard man fuuuuu

n u local rappers better not start rappin about sandy on some trap beat n makin it seem like u are oppressed

hurricane sandy destroyed atlantic city's boardwalk in new jersey. i was on this 3 years ago with my best friend omg.

Staten Island in Disarray After 19 Sandy-Related Deaths  via Praying for all! Marathon-REALLY? NOW?

Lost media revenue for the Sandy hurricane: $500m

hurricane sandy also taught me that my phone battery aint shit

Fuck it's crazy to see what #NJ looks like now after #Sandy

I even dreamt about you. Hoe you are okay,and I hope u weren't affected by Sandy. Miss you even more. :(

Fuck gas. Fuck this bullshit. Fuck Sandy.

Green pic of the day our thoughts are with everyone in the Carribean  US affected by Hurricane Sandy

Question from Rjay: Will the USD weaken after Hurricane Sandy?Click here for my answer:

Unrest growing among NJ, NY citizens: Dumpster diving for food, fist fights over fuel, tempers flare in Sandy

Mitt Romney is the type of nigga tht spends hurricane sandy money on Gucci bags.

gotcha boo. But if I don't reply it's cause my service is still acting up, sandy + sprint =

YOOO LOL IM TALKING TO SOME RATCHETS FROM ARIZONA I THINK THEY WANT TO FIGHT SANDY AHAHHAHAHAHA

MY POWER JUST WENT OUT FUCK SANDY

Me to! after #sandy i aint have shit els to do  Just finished writing been going  at the pen since 6pm

Hurricane Sandy Relief Bundle  Themes and plugins for #WordPress. Choose your price, money will be donated to Red Cross.

Guardian Viral Video Chart: James Bond and Hurricane Sandy  #medianews  /via

please talk about climate change and aviation. Sandy surely a wake up call?

Is it bad that I wish I could have photographed the hurricane? #latenightthoughts

Man, the fact that they are sitting in the darkness in NY cuz of Hurricane Sandy. Tfff! Thats some zombie shitt! #ImTerrifiedOftheDark .

Our very own writes a first-hand report on the effects of Hurricane Sandy in the latest edition of - out today!

Help The East Coast! Every bit helps!!! #nofilter #help #charity #Sandy #Jersey

#Nuclear plants performed well during Sandy - as expected by professionals - Atomic Insights  i.e

One of my favorite Springsteen songs is about a girl named Sandy and their time at the Boardwalk ending. Those were my summers as a kid.

Before bed for 4 nights, (no power because of a bitch called #sandy) i been watching the SAME 5 episodes of the #regularshow on my iPad;)

you guys obviously didn't read my hilarious Hurricane Sandy tweets.

In The Movie '2012' New York Got Flooded.Now Its 2012, And Now New York Is ActuallyFlooding .. Hmmmm #LipsSealed #Sandy

Isolated NYC borough says help is slow after Sandy - WBOC TV 16: Isolated NYC borough says help is slow after Sa

New York Con Edison: Power Restored By Nov. 10, 11  via ~After Hurricane Hugo, took us 2 wks 2 get our's bk.

Isolated and forgotten: NYC's hard-hit Staten Island say help is slow to come after Sandy

Memo to Washington DC (felt ungrateful to say this when I lived there) PUT THE POWER CABLES UNDERGROUND.  #sandy #moons

Just woke up thinking hurricane sandy was here #shitmyself

A different perspective, so seldom seen.On Sandy and Natural Disasters: A Garbage Man's Perspective  via

What if the aftermath of Sandy, people became walkers?

NYT's climate journalist Andrew Revkin on Sandy: 'To say that this was our fault is going way beyond the science' http

I can see good in the worst situations. Take hurricane Sandy for example,now new yorkers know not to be assholes this is u.

#sandy is going to be a new cast member on the upcoming season of jersey shore. #mtv

If you read the news you wouldn't believe it, but main destruction of Sandy is in Haiti, not in the US

Tree got tired Wanted to lay down #sandy

News: Isolated NYC borough says help is slow after Sandy

An update on today's subway service. Friday, November 2, 2012. #FreeFare   #NYC #Sandy #subway

New Jersey in Struggle After Hurricane Sandy   The death toll in New York from Hurricane Sandy has

Where's the Sandy relief by the way  N e entertainers stepped up to help out any families !?

The molvi at the lcl mosque explained tht Hurricane #Sandy was a azaab by Allah on Amricns fr thr crime against Muslims. #isthishowitworks?

Thinking of all our friends in Cuba- #Sandy.#Cuba #Rum #Sky #Sun #Winter #Havana

Incredible  We saw this coming. Model uses Hurricane Sandy as backdrop for glamour photos:

that's because everyone is leaving the area in search of electric power. #sandy

Progressive Mag: Sandy a Taste of Things to Come  #p2 #topprog

Survived hurricane sandy in Atlantic city  Still held up with family ugggggh ready for things to be normal

Whether or not climate change caused #sandy  ~ it made Sandy worse! via RT RT RT richard animals need U

Billy Joel, Bruce Springsteen, Christina Aguilera, Sting and Bon Jovi To Appear On NBC's Sandy Relief Special

call out every politician that uses Sandy for political gain

Positive economic reports power stocks higher: (MoneyWatch) Don't tell anyone, but lost in Superstorm Sandy's wa

#Frankenstorm #Sandy damage estimate raised to as much as $50 bln, making it the 4th largest #US natural disaster.

instead of endorsements and marathons, why don't you take care of food power and water. #WeAreStatenIsland #Sandy

#sandy I need somebody to bring duct tape into school. Can anybody help me out here?

At Breezy Point, Sandy stole the things money can't buy: The governor of New Jersey seemed to understand. When h

Will 1D's Madison Square Garden act be cancelled b'coz of #sandy? !

Everyone get on your knees this morning and pray for those effected by Hurricane Sandy or go help someone today !!!

Working nights is beat! And I'm going to miss Morgan Page tomorrow! Thank you Sandy for the crappy work week! Shit is weak, son!

Gosh, can you go any lower? Now NBC raising funds for Sandy is all just politics? Like Springsteen doesn't care about NJ? Wow

#WebCoolness: reflecting on Sandy, #StarWars goes to #Disney, and free art for all  via

We are WAY too dependent on others these days. Humans R hunter-gatherers by nature. You can do this! #Sandy

Kevin Hunt: How Risky Is It To File An Insurance Claim After Sandy?

#thankyou hurricane sandy for messing our weather up.. Even more.

In So. Calif. the collects $281K in one day for #Superstorm #Sandy relief.  RT RT

After a delay thanks to Old Hurricane Sandy, we had a late night last night, getting set up but we're almost

A working holiday as hurricane relief workers? Sounds good to me!

I'm gonna listen to Epik High and try my best to get higher! (: #UP no hurricane, tornado can ever stop me!

Sandy's damages estimated at as much as $50 billion - CNN (blog): New York TimesSandy's damages   #business #news

Just so sad watching the news seeing the inner strength of #Sandy victims fading.

CRAZY time lapse video of Hurricane Sandy

We are at all day for a Red Cross telethon to help those affected by #Sandy. Just received our first call!

RT A #Sandy-related #RossenReports this morning. Unlicensed contractors pouring into devastated neighborhoods

` iPad Mini launches in Sandy's wake: Join CNET's live coverage:  Apple's Fifth Avenue store in NYC

Watching the news coverage of #Sandy and the stories are breaking my heart. Praying for everyone.

Use of evoting machines unaltered despite power outages caused by Hurricane Sandy: Plans to use electronic votin

First time back in the saddle  since #Sandy Bring it on! #EarlyMorningSoul

my tita in the new jersey oh no because the super storm sandy

Back to Boston to help the victims of hurricane sandy, I'm such a nice guy

How You Can Help in the Aftermath of Superstorm Sandy- A word from Riverkeeper

Sandy Aftermath and the Fragility of Complex Systems  via

#PresidentalDebate Hurricane Sandy: Disgust beats denial any day  #RealRomney

NYTimes: Estimate of Economic Losses from Sandy Now Up to $50 Billion

on my way home in the car back from my trip to NYC but I left sandy there scary stuff :) got you in the car x

G.M., in 508,413,860, and 203. We will be having a Food/Clothing drive for Hurricane #SANDY victi

Walked home from work last night and there was two-lane gas line as far as eye could see on 10th ave in midtown. Still there this AM. #Sandy

Let's help one another instead of fighting each other during this crisis. Hurricane sandy destroyed many liv

Cavalry/federal aid comes to Staten Island post-Sandy:  Too bad MSM is still pushing Katrina-like panic narrative

My heart goes out to those affected by Hurricane in the US  those who will be forgotten by media in Haiti, Cub

So where's all this telethon money for Sandy going? Fifth day without power here

is able to respond w/your help. Txt REDCROSS to 90999 ( $10 donation) visit   #sandy

if you cant see how the UNIONS have a grip on POLITICS non-union workers not allowed to help with #SANDY rebuild. #tcot

#Sandy: There is already looting, dumpster-diving for food,  union members turning away non-union help. Governme

Happy Friday #FF! #NBC is planning to air a special star-studded benefit concert tonight to help victims of #Sandy. It'll be at 8pm on

Hurricane Sandy: New Jersey Credit Unions Continue Slow Recovery #hurricanesandy #superstorm  (via

For the first time in my life I woke up in Pocomoke, MD. Another day ahead in Crisfield, where there is still a lot of need. #Sandy

Was going to ask what you thought of the decision. Pre-Sandy, were you planning to run the marathon?

Friday Morning Links -: Facebook to exchange free WiFi hotspots for check-ins   Sandy exposes gaps in wireless sys

Hope all the people affected by hurricane sandy are doing better each day.

How you doin' Fred? Were you in hurricane? Me out in Calif.

they better get this hurricane sandy shit together before 19th December! #xmasinnewyork #newyork

Props to all who are in tonight's benefit for Hurricane Sandy families. Just saw Bon Jovi on Today, Springsteen  Billy Joel also performing

Crazy picture of the city with no power downtown #stolen #cityoflights #nolights #blackout #sandy #nyc

Please consider donations to Team Rubicon, the Salvation Army or the Red Cross to aid with Hurricane Sandy Relief!!!

Traffic is gonna be a monster today. Thanks Sandy!

OMG! Estimated time for my home to regain power is now November 9th! #Sandy

Sandy-Starved New Yorkers Dumpster Dive  via this should not be!

Hurricane is at it again, with another delish recipe just in time for the weekend:  #LoveMeChickenTender

Yikes MT #NOAA forecasters see chance of nor'easter late next week, possibly at #Sandy struck areas. h

Good Morning and TGIF #COSprings. Have a great Friday! Pray for those affected by Sandy.

Impact of Sandy further devastates impoverished Haiti.

#StatueofLiberty is now closed indefinitely due to hurricane's massive storm surge flooding it's New York Harbor home. - That Bitch Sandy!!

When the radio says that Romney says it's Obama fault that hurricane Sandy hit these cities. I just wanna smack

Our thoughts are with those affected by Hurricane Sandy. Our appreciation to all the first responders risking

Suks to b in new york right now.2 mile queues for petrol stations and prices getting bumped to $10 a litre! #dayum #sandy

Latest news and photos (w/ live feed) from the aftermath of Sandy available at

Wishing the east coast a quick recovery. Praying for you all. #Sandy #SandyNJ

#jerseyshore. #snookie and crew. R u all planning something to help #NJ recover from #sandy ?

I'm seeing blue sky, just a little, in Ellsworth for the first time since #Sandy.

Sandy Creek football looks to make its mark tonight

I hope Wade  Lebron don't let up because of Sandy #nshit

Mentally, New Yorkers are making a mistake equating 9/11 and Sandy. We all went back to business in 2001, because most of NYC was fine.

Superstorm Sandy reveals the nation's wireless gaps.  #canyouhearmenow? Via

Estimate of Economic Losses Now Up to $50 Billion from #Hurricane #Sandy  #jobs #economy #USA

#Canton Volunteer Firefighters, EMTs Lend a Helping Hand to Areas With Extensive Hurricane Damage #ctsandy

Symington at 12:15 PM: Hurricane,Temp 4.8C, 977.1mb (Rising), Wind 70.9kts from NNW, Rain   1.7mm

Stranded Dallas Students Returning After Sandy: The 13 students and three adult sponsors from Bishop Lync  #plano

Staten Island Becomes the Focus of Anger and Tragedy: As the recovery from Hurricane Sandy enters   #statenisland

#Sandy: 90 victims, Aneesa (Assad's mom): 40,000 victims  #Syria

Good question: what would it cost to hurricane-proof New York?

It is important to recognize the partnership between our military and federal  state agencies during #Sandy htt

Gay Couple Traveled 3,000 Miles To Marry, But Hurricane Sandy Crashed The Wedding: Gabrielle Mecham and Ashley S

Would you guess that with Sandy being a focus now, that jobs numbers, even if 8.0%, wouldn't change minds right now?

Only in America will you ever hear someone stupid enough to publicly declare that Sandy was the result of gays and the

#nowplaying #chum , still praying for everyone that is suffering from #sandy

Despite having two days off due to Sandy, this weekend is much needed.. Feeling all kinds of burnt out

#onlinetrading Con Ed: 570,000 customers still without power after Sandy in NY: (Reuters) - New York power compa

Lets auction off your TMT Promo gear together for #Sandy relief. Radio Network listeners in NY would appreciate it.

Day 5 no power slept at a friend's house as the temperature is going down this weekend.  Now waiting on line for gas on route 112.  #Sandy

10% of sales today online  in store go to Sandy disaster relief. Donut holes, hot cider  other fun stuff in sto

why? Florida is deathly hot then. And October is still strong for hurricane season. That's just asking for trouble.

Because of Sandy gas prices may drop!! She basically froze the north east.. no travel low demand.. they have no choice  #dropthem#s

#news After Hurricane Sandy: Outsmarting the Surge

MSNBC #Sandy montage on Morning Joe soundtracked by Bloc Party, Arcade Fire.

This is the music festival that your fellow Yogini created  Alyson Greenfield. All proceeds go to Sandy Releif. Love.

Things In NewYork Is Real Crazy 9/11 Now Sandy Hurricane()

how u hold up I'm Sandy slime?

Funeral to be held for Easton volunteer firefighter killed during Sandy

Morning Fix: Big CMA Wins for Blake and Miranda; Alt J's Mercury Prize; Hurricane Sandy Relief: Namaste.  #billboard

Analyst downgrades ad market on Sandy fears, as media industry may have lost half a billion dollars.

Obama, Romney return to political arena after Sandy hiatus #news #sanantonio

I think they should cancel the race it if the #Sandy displaced people staying in the hotels will be put on the street.

#PEOPLE NEED TO COME TOGETHER and HELP #StatenIsland #Sandy OUT! This is sad :( !!!!!!!!!!

Got a seat on bus from Barclay to Mnh. Hooray for small joys. #sandy #aftermath

Making my way out of manhattan - hoping we don't run out of gas #sandy

HELP HURRICANE SANDY VICTIMS STAY WARM!! Donation money or gloves!!Support our #fundraising efforts.  via

NYC, NJ, please keep the love flowing after Hurricane Sandy.

EASA's thoughts and prayers are with all affected by Hurricane Sandy. Please consider donating to relief efforts

#Sandy will cost the #advertising industry about $500 million in lost revenue from interruptions in local TV  radio

NYC Marathon should not be run. Reschedule, allow runners to roll their entry to 2013 or 1/2 refund this year with other half to Sandy help

that hurricane fucked everythin no power 4 5 days no gas stations open nuttin bra

Read this before accepting a post #Sandy emergency loan from your bank.

Red Hook was hit hard by Sandy. RHI needs donations, both $ and supplies:  Please help if you can.

How are your yards looking North Haven? Have the debris from Sandy picked up yet? Here's what to do with it.

When photojournalism leaves you speechless. The aftermath of Sandy -

Question to NY'ers; Does all this Bloomberg moving food and power generators to the NY marathon instead of Sandy victims make you angry or?

Please note: Control This! 2012 has been postponed due to Hurricane Sandy.We'll share the rescheduled date as soon as it is announced.

Wish I could tweet away Sandy thanks for the confidence :) I will do my best :-) Enjoy the wknd !!

okie dokie.. Got it Hope yr safe from all the Sandy stuff Hun :)

#FF to and working their asses off to help victims of #Sandy. Follow and see how you can help.

What I love to hear about #EastVillage in a time like this! and all the others stay strong! #Sandy - Forbes

To everyone in Staten Island  all other affected areas, my prayers are with you  #Sandy

This is NO time for #NYCMarathon! Hotels r booting #Sandy refugees for marathon guests!!

In post-storm New York, the bike is having a moment of sorts.  #sandy #nyc #bike

does anyone know of gas stations in brooklyn that are open? it's like armageddon here. #gas #Sandy

A more perfect Union? Not with these morons turning away an Alabama utility crew that drove days to get to NJ. #Sandy

Will #Sandy have a positive or negative impact on #Obama at the polls? #2012Election

With all the extra ground water from Hurricane Sandy, there is a chance your water table has changed.  If you

You were willing to pay 5m for a college transcript - how much are you willing to give to #sandy victims in your city?

All of the businesses who are opening their doors for those with no power to charge phones and such are really impressing me. #Sandy

Still calling NC people for Obama. Lady said last night that we need to focus on Sandy. That is true. But there's still an election.

Five Leaves Donating all of Today's Profits to Sandy Relief

Evacuated #Sandy victims kicked-out of their hotel rooms so that NYC Marathon folks can have places to stay. Where's compassion?

Before and after views of Jersey shore towns damaged by superstorm Sandy:  - produced by /

Show Support for #HurricaneSandy victims through our friends Hurricane Sandy Relief #unitedwestand

Have you seen any price gouging during Sandy?

- Where is the gas supply? Why are there no tanker trucks bringing gas to Long Island?  Tensions rising #sandy

Thinking about gas lines post-Sandy, I have to wonder: Would we have been better or worse off with electric cars?

since #obama is NOT helping #NY and #NJ they need people like YOU to help them! #food #water #gas #Sandy PLEASE!!

Yes, use caution! RT careful people reports of gunshots coming out of some gas stationsbe safe #Sandy #NJGas

Im watching a travel show with an episode happening in Mumbai, India during monsoon rain season. Makes N America look like whiners #Sandy

looks like sandy counce. His convention bounce faded in a few days. Let's hope this one fades by Tuesday

NBC Diverts Sandy Resources from Desperate Staten Island to Celeb Party/Fundraiser: In Michael Bloomberg's Manha

Damages from Sandy estimated at $50 Billion! #constantcontact

Latest: Crowdsourced Software Testing, Explained:  | Crowdfunding #Sandy Recovery:

Please pray for the family who lost two little boys to Sandy

Pub Wrap's Brittany Wheeler talks to a student whose family home was battered by Hurricane Sandy

Hurricane Sandy - Post Storm Resource Maps  #emergencypreparedness #hurricanesandy #remotesensing

Good Morning Everyone.Please keep all those affected by Hurricane Sandy in your thoughts today and

Idgaf bout nobody losing they home from Sandy ! That was yall DUMB ASS fault why ya black ass living by water ? Ya black ass can't swim !

this hurricane has me so confused i don't even know what day it is *__*

real Hurricane Sandy-themed advertising   cc:

Inspired by these volunteers! Read this: what's really happening in blackout-stricken Manhattan #Sandy

rep from the Red Cross is on the news getting grilled about them not sending enough help to us. #sandy

Well we made it through Sandy somewhat unscathed.  Our thoughts and prayers go out to our family and friends who

In the aftermath of #Sandy NJ Utility Workers are rejecting assistance. Why? The crews aren't union. SERIOUSLY?!  #fb

Abuse of Power?-- Generators power up #NYC Marathon tent as city struggles without electricity #Sandy

The needs your help! Visit  to find out how you can help #Sandy victims.

Hurricane #sandy themed phishing emails. Seriously? Shameless

power back on for the mishpachah! and school's reopened! #Sandy thoughts and prayers w/#Beach Haven and #NYC cleaning up and recovering

Please RT if you support usa in the aftermath of superstorm sandy!

Prayers go out to my fellow New Yorkers and those in the Tri-State area! #Sandy

#FF - He flew from France and braved Hurricane Sandy and big ass waves on I-90 to go to the Cavs Home Opener.

Romney pitches in to repair thousands of Romney-Ryan lawn signs damaged by Sandy.

#Haiti following #Sandy: Harvests have been destroyed, there are new cases of cholera and children can't get to school ht

Diverts Sandy Resources from Desperate Staten Island to Celeb Party/Fundraiser   via #scumbags

Writers and readers: check out my auction for Sandy relief.  3 prizes for writers, 1 BIG prize for readers.

Fille the car before sandy now in line waiting for gasone hour down half an hour to go #Sandy

Got paid full for the 2 days I had off for the hurricane #boss

Another Interesting Article - Commuters Use Online Carpooling to Comply With Post-Sandy Road Rules  #sandy

Killer October Jobs report, handling of #sandy, BFF with Fat Kristie  and not being a douche = Obama win

What are your thoughts on the still taking place on Sunday, in the wake of #Sandy ? Yay or nay?

Its interesting how differently people from the suburbs and people from the hood have  responded, reacted and/or adapted to #Sandy

Between baking during Hurricane Sandy and Halloween I feel like I've gained 20 lbs hahah

Where there is a will there is a way. We are in continuous prayer 4 every1 affected by Sandy but how can we help? #ReachingOut2OurCommunity

Will Sandy change the climate change conversation? - CBS News: Will Sandy change the climate change conversation

give it up.  You should be more focused on helping w relief from Sandy in your area.  #selfishbrat

Thanks for personalizing #Sandy's impact on #NewYork and #NewJersey - people more than structures #motivating

Walmart's Hurricane Sandy Response - Business Insider

Day4 of our system being down since its based out of NJ hard hit with #sandy.. Can't wait to get chewed out all day by customers! #tgif

ohoi, sandy ws me ws me ws me

Tempers rise as temps fall after Sandy

#7FactsAboutMyBestFriend This kid would go jogging during a hurricane

Give to help victims of #Sandy. See a list here:  #NYC #newyorkcity #newjersey #longisland #NJ #LI

These are dramatic photos of just a fraction of the damage caused by Hurricane Sandy!  Our prayers go out to the families affected.

I wonder what takes longer getting iPad Mini or getting gas. #Sandy

Read 'Angel Flight 44', sent 2 Beck yr or so ago; what 'avg' Americans can do during crisis (#Katrina) #Sandy

RT There will be National Guard distribution of supplies today on Surf and west 25th #coneyIsland Brooklyn #sandy

Your Gov't in actionNonunion Ala. crews turned away from Sandy recovery - WAFF-TV: News, Weather for Huntsville, AL h

priorities people! Marathon should be canceled! Help those folks in need! #Sandy

Mitt Romney flip-flops in hurricane disaster's aid  via

Waiting in the cold for a shuttle bus? No, I'm not about that life anymore. I took the LIRR this morning. WAY BETTER! #mta #sandy

New Orleans managed Mardi Gras after Katrina, but that was 5 months after. Sandy just now happened.

Anybody know someone named Sandy? I need a physical person to curse out about this mess.

First meeting of India's UN Presidency underway, on schedule. Impressive show of resilience from them and despite #Sandy's impact

Its really nice that the redcross is helping with lots of the damage by the doing of hurricane Sandy #Sandy #RedCross

Clearly, new iPad  Sandy People are nuts

MT From superstorm #Sandy 2 #climate solidarity: How extreme weather can unlock climate action

Man pulls gun in gas line, state troopers deployed at stations as tensions boil in Sandy's wake | Fo

I knew it was only a matter of time before someone would say Romney engineered Superstorm Sandy to stop us from voting.

#sandy will never again view footage of natural disasters with a sense of detachment after witnessing the destruction at the jersey shore.

Mind-boggling. Hurricane Sandy's Economic Damage Could Reach $50 Billion, Eqecat Estimates  via

#BestSingapore Ancient skeletons found after hurricane topples tree: Remains believed to be from early 1800s

Today's Heartbreak: 9/11 Widow Lost House In Breezy Point After Hurricane Sandy

Far Rockaway post Sandy, the boardwalk in the streets of the town. #Sandy relief

#tech Stuck at Home? 10 Tips for Working: With many offices made inaccessible after Sandy, scores of New York-ar

Hibernia Atlantic take up network challenge after Hurricane Sandy disrupts communications - FierceTelecom:

2 days in 2 minutes: time lapse video of #Sandy hitting #NYC shows a city going dark

Giving everyone in #Sandy path a free pass for frustration. Even more so as time goes on without basic necessities.

AFL-CIO NJ Turns Away Non-Union Utility Workers from Alabama:  more POLITICIZING to detriment of VICTIMS of SANDY #SHAME

My piece on the NY chefs helping the city get back on its feet after Sandy

yes hurricane chris like the rapper

#Pentair shipping extra pumps to areas hit by Hurricane #Sandy.  $PNR

N.J. disdains hurricane help from nonunion crews   via

Great! Hurricane effects not too bad in Manhattan. Bit scary to see half the city in darkness on Wed night tho! #apocalypse

Local TV stations CBS 3, 6ABC and NBC10 holding Sandy relief telethons Friday and Monday.

Monster Storm: How has it played out on social media?#sandy

To my friends around the Newark area who were affected by Sandy, I hope this helps a bit.

With deaths from Sandy upping the toll from #climate change, is it time for the US to consider a new cabinet post and a declaration of war?

I DONATED TO HELP SANDY VICTIMS with Mercury One, WILL YOU?

another thing, voting for Bloomberg didn't cause #Sandy, or it's devastation to NYC- but your compassion is touching

your the only one who would wear your tacky  skimpy clothing so who would be kept warm w/leopard print leggings  tank tops #Sandy

Sandy shows us that #NCGA climate-change denial is a death-and-destruction sentence for misled investors:

#FF May the heart of Manhattan beat strong again very soon. Much love from Texas. #Sandy

Saw your praise just now! Muchas gracias - alas, the conference was pushed to Feb due to Sandy + by then I'll be a whale!

The number and website just mentioned on air for post-Sandy gouging complaints: 1-800-771-7755 and http

It just looks like the hurricane took place in my room

Organizing a fundraiser in NYC.  Do it at the High Line, free. #Sandy

Sandy has been crazzzy for hotels - God bless them and the tough decisions they have to make. Whew.

from the hurricane? Yeah everyone is safe. Some damage here and there, but they're physically fine. Thank you for asking.

Atlantic City casinos opened for business about an hour ago and have already caused more financial damage than Sandy.

My heart goes out to everyone who has experienced major damage and loss from Sandy. Just know that your homes

Susan Wagner shelter needs the following.. No more clothing please #sandy #siopen

Doing my part for Hurricane Sandy recovery. The refugees should be arriving soon,

Georgia woman gives insight on Super-storm Sandy

I bet everyone wishes they had a hybrid now. Sure u won't see any of those on line at the few open gas stations.. Hybrids rule! #Sandy

that's right mate, just before Doyle got ran over with a train or some shit, seemingly sandy boots wiz shaggin every night!!!

Having a BYOC party at my house this weekend.Bring Your Own Candles #Sandy

its suppose to be worse than sandy

How Seamless defied #Sandy, Kept hot meals coming and Inspired Twitter Love #ThisIsGreatness via

Thanks 4 the follow! Perhaps u can spread the word for our WorldWide Event-NOV 18th (benefit 4 Sandy)

WARNING:  If Obama loses any East Coast swing state, the lawyers will blame #Sandy and a fight will ensue.  I worry we're

when im older im gonna be like to my kids I SURVIVED A HURRICANE NOW I WILL HAVE HISTORY TO TELL THEM

Allright i've fucking had it with this post hurricane bullshit now

Last night was crazy. Shout to the Hurricane Bar, n #DonJulioAnejo! N yeah, my #Hangover

Was your property impacted by #Sandy? Choose One: Yes (Flooding, debris, wind, power)   or No

Operation: Greased Lightning - Veterans Respond to Hurricane Sandy with Team Rubicon

After 5 fuckin days finally power #sandy

Where is all the gas?!?! Coming out of politicians' mouths! #hurricane

Wish there was a way to Instagram the stench comin off the canal in red hook #Sandy

Click below to learn how you can support in Hurricane Sandy Recovery in worship THIS SUNDAY!

Thoughts  Prayers still with everyone affected by #SANDY.

#GreenTech Hurricane Sandy, Smart Grids And Advanced Storage Technology - Energy Collective: H  #GridPowerStorage

sounds like Hurricane Arod. Never hits anything.

are you still performing in New Jersey on November 7th? I wasn't sure because of hurricane sandy. get back to me xoxo

My sister had it good . Her boyfriend stayed with her all week through this hurricane shit !

Car insurance has to be paid Monday sandy ain't stopping them from collecting they money

Yahoo! headline of a woman whose 2 sons got washed away in Sandy. It's sad, but WHY DIDN'T YOU EVACUATE?! Frustrating.

What's it like to live in Manhattan right now? Read this great blog post by   #sandy

The Federal Government and USDA have posted websites with helpful information for those impacted by Hurricane

Pics from NYLA peeps  Sandy. East 23rd st. (Our office is on 29th) From the lovely

#FF #Godbless R friends up north hit by #Sandy If U have power running water and a safe place to sleep pls sends prayers 2 those in need RT

i would be in school right now but bc of hurricane sandy uh

The darker side of socialMan who made false tweet about #Sandy apologizes; could face prosecution  via

Best wishes and Happy Friday to those who endured Hurricane Sandy. Stay dry!

#Sandy left behind a smattering of uncommon #birds in #Erie, northwestern Pa.  #birding #nwpaout

Photo: And I mean it. Every dime I get in my tip jar goes right to them. #redcross #sandy #nyc (at Blossom)

The U.S. political opposition accuses to president Obama of using the hurricane Sandy to ensure his victory in next presidential election

Our thoughts continue to be with those impacted by Hurricane Sandy. Recovery is not going to be quick. Hang in there  look for the good.

Hurricane Sandy Aftermath for Austrian Restaurants

Really? Give rich people free items, while we have people starving  alone after Hurricane Sandy? Shame on YOU!

How are roads like garden state pkwy  NJ turnpike for traveling? #Sandy #njtransit

Beautiful bright day! Was Sandy's fury really just upon us four days ago? Hard to believe . #onward !

Sadly, the impact of Hurricane Sandy continues to increase as news agencies report it as one of the biggest and

FYI as a hurricane veteran usually you can claim the lost food on your insurance. We were able to for Frances and Jeanne.

#sandy Haha.  He got found in the act!

cares more about the well being of NYC Marathon runners more than the people in need after the hurricane

Did really ask a #Sandy evacuee for her cable box back?

yo! Post-Sandy is the worst!!!! Ughhh!

To all our friends and family out there who have and are suffering from Sandy we would like to say please keep

200 million gallons of fuel being unloaded in NY harbor. Gov Cuomo says gas should be flowing soon. #Sandy #NBC4NY

U R RIGHT. NO Marathon. #Sandy is Bloomberg's Katrina.

This is how much power NJ lost because of sandy.

HECK OF A JOB BARRY! This Depressing NBC Segment On Staten Island Could Change The Way The World Sees Hurricane Sandy

Day x of the hurricane: I've lost track of the days. Still no sign of power in my area. Sexual frustration is now a growing problem

What do you think? -- Climate change predictions foresaw Hurricane Sandy scenario for NYC

Hurricane Sandy News Bloopers (VIDEO)Huffington Post UKThere's been round-the -cock clock coverage of Hurricane

Can you spread the word? We are donating $20 for every class signup this weekend and just donated $220 this morning! #sandy

Whilst washing my hands, the soap I pumped out appeared to be in the shape of hurricane sandy

The Sharkey's Cuts for Kids Franchising Company wishes all those affected by Hurricane Sandy a speedy recovery!

Still did not hear Gov Cuomo mention Far Rockaway, Queens Sandy devastation.

ya like hurricane Andrew and Ike! :-p

#Obama #Dems are fast to slam #Bush on #Katrina. But national catastrophes like #Sandy arent easy to overcome, regardless of who is in power

In the wake of the horrible Hurricane Sandy, it is amazing to see such an outpour of support in the wedding

We will be accepting non-perishable food donations for #Sandy relief at the show. Comic Relief will be provided by some great comedians.

East Village post-hurricane no-electricity post-its, part 1:

Haven't been on twitter since the Hurricane hit but I hope everybody is safe after this horrible storm!  #StaySafe

The Donald should donate to help the hurricane relief effort!

Denzel Washington Obama at his hurricane photo op said he'd leave nobody behind~He leaves while people are BEGGING for food!

Very blessed to have been in Harlem during Sandy ..My prayers go out to the families that turned homeless in a matter of hours

SKLZ Hurricane Category 4 Swing Training Machine: $99 + FREE shipping

Devastation in Long Beach, NY After Hurricane Sandy: I like this Like I dislike this. Add to. Share Flag as inap

A Must Read: The Sandy Show and The Tragedy of NYC  via

Woah. My Post-Sandy NY at night flickr set has ~33% of views of every other photo I have uploaded. Combined. In 15hrs.

many thanks to for this loveliness on this post-hurricane friday morning:  love.

Insanity: Non-union crews turned away from #Sandy recovery.

Do those jobs go to the Hurricane victims,or the rest of the united states.ALOT of people are going to be jobless or already

Gas tankers arriving into New York Harbor #NYC #sandy #NJ

Hey NY, NJ, and others East. How's it going? Are things improving? Are you feeling optimistic or spent? We care! Let us know how goes #sandy

Here is my post #Sandy #FF for #webcomics - + for his Nnewts!

Tune into the Hurrican Sandy benefit concert tonight with Springsteen, Aguilera, Bon Jovi, and Billy Joel!

Lol is these niggaa really tryna argue with me????Its not just one.Its three.Maybe that hurricane blew the since outta these niggas lol

Those still without power  cleaning up from #Sandy are in our thoughts. Take care peeps.

Kicking off tomorrow! The opens their doors to hackers hoping to help victims of Hurricane Sandy'

If you were affected by Hurricane Sandy  are on Pfizer medications- read

Here's a little Hurricane music for you, courtesy of the 80's rock band, Scorpions.

It's time to get out the boat. #sandy #election #vote

Sending 3 to all the those have helped the people and animals affected by Hurricane Sandy. Check out these rescue pix

Hurricane Sandy:The US is regretting buryingOsama bin Laden at sea. The guysimply refuses to stop.

FALSE rumor of Alabama power workers being turned away from coastal NJ by local unions. #UnionStrong #Sandy

Obama Economy So Bad Americans Won't Have Babies. Vote for Romney!  #college #women #forall #sandy #youthvote #ccot #p2

Now: on the economic impact of #Sandy on NYC and the rest of the region.

Hurricane Sandy Leaves Behind A Clear Choice | Moms Clean Air Force  #Sandy #Climate

11 Most Disturbing Facts About Hurricane Sandy - Only Obama Talks Climate-Change| Alternet

Tonight at 8 p.m. EST, NBC's Hurricane #Sandy telethon will collect donations for the Red Cross: htt

Nonunion Utility Crews Turned Out from Sandy Recovery ~ Video

A blog to spread to friends describing several ways to help #Sandy victims. Please RT. -

A must-read op-ed by our friend of  #sandy #climatechange #energy

So the power company is showing that the power will be restored at our office by 11:30PM on November 11ththanks #Sandy.

total insanity :-/ to run the marathon through all of the misery Sandy caused! Crazy!

After our show tonight and will be dj-ing a  hurricane sandy relief benefit Stick around with us!

Please like this page in support of all of the people out there helping the victims of Hurricane Sandy.

St. John's Lutheran Church in Easton is looking for food donations to help  hurricane victims at their shelter.

Money Show - Trading Idea of the Day - Sandy's Effect on the Cattle Market, Andy Waldock

The Colbert Report - Hurricane Sandy Traffic Ordeal

This is a great story: Power of Social Media Helping Homeless Services After Hurricane Sandy  via

Looking for distraction from Sandy? Racetrack, Bayonne OTW are open: The Meadowlands Racetrack and Winne

I get so worried when I think about pets displaced by Hurricane Sandy. You can help at  Be a hero!

Sandy, this is how we get down!

Here's how you can help the #Sandy effort ---

god comin to get us, sandy finna jump out the ocean

Got an email from my prof stating that she wanted to hear from each of us to make sure we were ok after the hurricane. What a great human!

{Brazil-Hawaii}: Hacking for a Post-Sandy New York City - Forbes

For some reason I am just getting this now! I was hoping hurricane Sandy would have sent me you  Lo's way but no such luck :'(

From the Acres! - Direct Relief for Sandy -

Hurricane Victims Outraged, Say They Suffer in Dark, Rich Billionaire Bloomberg Dont Feel Their Pain Want Fun Marathon.

There is a new drink special, the Hurricane Sandy. But it's just a watered down Manhattan.

Resilience  reliability for wireless communication? Sandy's got the answer

Georgia power has effectively taken over union sq. about one hundred vans parked. #sandy

Local Red Cross Volunteer Interest High After #Sandy, Special Training Class Saturday   #SC

Coming up on night 5 with no power in my igloo house  #amishlife #igloo #hurricane #sandy

Toyota of Cool Springs Reports Toyota Donates $1 Million to Support Hurricane Sandy Relief Efforts |

great job not reporting the #Sandy news less then 48 hours after the devastation! Every other news outlet was reporting it! U suck.

New Children's Book Helps Children Cope After A Hurricane or Other Natural Disaster  #ireport

Mines been a much more intense shitstorm. You've had 5 days of Mancunian showers, I've had it all in one 3 day hurricane Sandy

#Business #travel losses of Hurricane Sandy at $606m, says

Let the fun begin. Tired of sandy

Hurricane Sandy FAQs: What Is Covered--Or Not--In Your Insurance Policies: Answers Common Questions About Proper

tomorrow we will be having a drive for all the victims of #sandy at the store starting at 11am pass this along every donation helps

It's a sad day that Donald Trump did not use $5 million to help  The Hurricane Sandy victims.  : (

Obama comforts a woman in NJ whose marina was damaged by Hurricane Sandy. #favoritephotos

Time lapse video of #Sandy hitting #NYC: Lights go out at 1:02:

So we're still dealing with the aftermath of the Sandy  a marathon is more important.Okay.

If you down over hurricane Sandy check out music to lift your moral

A look at the devastating damage left by Superstorm Sandy:

Why NYC hospitals did not evacuate before Sandy:

takes a digital approach to emergency management in the wake of #Sandy

The US Air Force is great! Thanks pilots and ground officers! Way to restore from #Sandy.

Volunteers needed for cleanups Saturday in Staten Island beach communities |  #statenisland#sandy#volunteer

What's sad is how you are using for attention.  Donate your $$ to the Sandy victims instead..

Not even gonna fake outrage with the NYC Marathon. That city has valued money over people for decades. Why stop because of a hurricane?

We've got post- Sandy recovery and a Presidential election to tend with. TTYL

What, if anything, are the governors of the states affected by #Sandy, doing 2 ensure that their citizens will be able 2 vote 11/6?

#hurricansandy#sandy where are all the sport players and tv stars?? They make money in nj but dont kick back when we need them??smh

Hey #URI lights are back on! We are processing laundry in #southcounty! Goodbye #Sandy!!! #getthefunkout

#Sandy update: Nearly 7,400 guardsmen still aiding with evacuation, medical, security, debris removal, transportation and other missions.

Due to Super Storm Sandy,Betty Rollin will be unable to attend.Unfortunately, Betty Rollin cannot make it to

Rangers seek Appalachian Trail hiker in Sandy snow: National Park rangers are trying to rescue an  #Chicago #News

We're going to start featuring ways that the FSU Community can help #Sandy victims. Look for the hashtag #FSUSandyHelp for

Comment on Jennifer Lane's thoughts on #Sandy  FM chip

had some great news this week but we haven't forgotten the victims of #Sandy and our first responders leading the recovery

Keep in mind Accu's forecast last winter was just terrible.  They also put Sandy out to sea.

SANDY MADE ME VERY SLEEPY..

9 moments of inspiration from acts of kindness in #Sandy's aftermath, READ:

Feeling so SORRY for the victims of Sandy!  Those gas lines remind me of the Carter era!  Though that disaster was political not weather!

I was in times square!! Thought id try and use the wifi too talk to everyone cos the hurricane left me with out any power!!

And Others Set Up Hurricane Relief

If, like me, you have airline and hotel points that you never really use, you can donate them to charity to help hurricane victims.

thank you so much! Hope you are okay and Hurricane Sandy didn't affect you to badly. : )

SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENTBASD to partner with the American Red Cross to Benefit Hurricane Victims - Donations Accepted at Saturday's game #BASD

In the midst of this Sandy tragedy and gas madness give thanks.

Superstorm Sandy state-by-state: Associated Press The massive storm that started out as Hurricane Sandy slammed

Special #FF for MOA who's been out helping people clean up in the aftermath #HurricaneSandy #Sandy

I'm thinking about media coverage and Sandy vs Katrinaand I know things are terrible in NY  NJ and I'm very

Did you record #Superstorm #Sandy on your iPhone or mini-cam? BBC wants to hear from you.Contact us on or dgilmor

My great aunt lives on Long Island and is indestructible. She's all BITCH I'M FROM SICILY. YOU CALL THAT A HURRICANE?

Sandy Relief Food Distribution Continues Today, Here's Where:  #free #nyc Includes Cell Phone Charging Stations

Do you plan to donate to the victims of Superstorm Sandy?: Do you plan to donate to the victims of Superstorm Sandy?

Wish I was running the marathon this year!!! (so I could honorably back out in the name of #Sandy)

same I fell really terrible about stormy sandy hope they are safe throught the storm

for once I wanna go see my ortho tomorrow, but now I can't  have to wait another month bcuz of Sandy -_-

I liked a video from  Noticias Google Nexus 4, Nexus 10 y Nexus 7 HSPA+ Huracan Sandy

After Sandy causes power cut  Hookers use flashlight to sell sex: Hookers along the popular 'Back Road' hip s

see shep got back from NY, he said the hurricane was named after sandy from the club

NBC to host, live stream benefit concert for Sandy victims -  (blog)  #webcast

I haven't been at work since Friday!!! My building didn't do so well during Sandy. I've been at home all wk lol it's crazy

- how about donates his 5 million to the #sandy victims?

WATCH: Jon Bon Jovi Talks About Hurricane Sandy, Telethon on NBC Tonight

Death toll in NYC climbed to 41, Mayor Michael Bloomberg said. #Sandy

New York lost 41 people to this nasty beast #sandy 20 on #statenisland Pray for their families. Their lives will never be back to normal.

Listen to how #Sandy affected #SatanIsland reporter, Tasina Berkey and her mom:

Stats I saw just made it seem like a large Category 1 hurricane.

Glad to see New Yorkers coming together after Sandy.

Department Mobilizes for Hurricane Recovery  via

New Peach Post: #FiveFotoFriday -Gratitude in the aftermath of Sandy and Ex-Boyfriends, plus a #CampMighty update!

Lunch with mama #realfood can't believe once you leave smithtown you find open restaurants #hurricane #sandy

Many marathoners are in town. Cancel #NYCMarathon  let them run food/water to those who can't for themselves, eh? #Sandy

If (big if) you really want to ensure your money's going to NYC #Sandy victims, give here, not to the Red Cross.

Thank You For Being a Friend: How Sandy Unites Coworkers

Watch the Internet Go Down as Superstorm Sandy Makes Landfall: Superstorm Sandy ripped through the Easte  #media

Election Roundtable: Will Hurricane Sandy's Impact Be Felt at the Polls? w/ Tammy Bruce    #tbrs #tcot

Donate your $$'s to or SamaritansPurse for Hurricane #Sandy relief in U.S.

A Word for All of Us.It has been drawn to my attention that the path of Hurricane Sandy made the shape of the

STARTUP TIPS!! Watch the Internet Go Down as Superstorm Sandy Makes Landfall: Superstorm Sandy ripped through t

This corny Sandy BS got me so bored its givin me a headache

SANDY: Mayor Bloomberg: 3 person restrictions end at 5 PM today, No HOV restrictions this weekend. 41 people have already died in NY.

Investigating: Red Hook #business(es) were decimated by #Sandy. But how viable R the loan$ they're offered to rebuild?|

No NJ  If you want to ensure your money's going to NYC #Sandy victims, give here, not Red Cross

Election Day: Hurricane Sandy alters voting plans in Somerset County: Closed polling stations, vote by mail  #neward

Donating another truckload of food to 2 food banks in NJ -- ea w/rcv 21K+ tons #Sandy #hunger #feedingamerica

difference is,you guys had a TOOL for a president who didn't act quick at all for Katrina. With sandy it was Immediately.

The Scary Lawyer Guy Blog: The Politics of Hurricane Sandy  #sandy #morningjoe (via

PR USA announces $100K contribution to American Red Cross to fund donations of bottled water  supplies for victims of Hurricane Sandy.

Cool blog post by  How they worked remote during Sandy:

SANDY-STARVED NEW YORKERS DUMPSTER DIVEGrocer's items discarded for spoilage attract hungry in the neighborhood

New post: Sandy Insight Into VoIP (

Antigua could see tourism fallout from Hurricane Sandy  via

You could see this excuse coming a mile away. NBC says Sandy will cost O 340,000 votes and could cost him popular vote. It's Sandy's fault!

Dear Hurricane Sandy you need to come back. You missed a spot at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington D.C. Make

Glen Rock continues cleanup from Sandy: Glen Rock schools remained closed on Friday and until further notice.

How has Sandy been affecting you personally :-)

And the award goes to for the post-Sandy trifecta reply-retweet-favourite #igraduatedfromanenvironmentalcollege

#Blowing sun-soaked, sandy kisses you're way.

Mashable :- More Than 20 Million Tweets Sent During Hurricane Sandy: Twitter released a se  : Social Media Guide

gosh darn that sandy girl, stealing people's clothes and shit. lol

#Astoria Drop-off for Donations for Hurricane Disaster Relief

STILL PRAYING FOR EVERYONE WHO HAS BEEN AFFECTED BY THE HURRICANE!

Several on-campus leaks reported in wake of #Sandy

A message from our NY branch about Hurricane Sandy  the upcoming SAT:

More Than 20 Million Tweets Sent During Hurricane Sandy: Twitter released a series of fascinating  via

Sandy had neqqas,waiting on line for gas smh !

- Fellow New Jersian here still recovering from Sandy. Could you lift my spirits by answering a quick question?

A bit lengthy, but here's my Hurricane experience write up. I think we all learned something from this storm. Enjoy.

Miss Britt: How We CAN and Why We MUST Help the Victims of Sandy

Enterprising handyman offers clean-up services on Staten Island #sandy

I just saw a home that was destroyed by the hurricane.  Three people came out.  Things are replaceable - people are not.

pilot asks for #RedCross donations to help with the impacts of #Sandy. It's nice to see the community come together to help.

Obama campaign event! Haven't these people suffered enough? NBC Live Hurricane (cont)

A big tip-of-the-hat to fellow winner, for their work during #Sandy

Need help cleaning up after the storm? No power? A good place to eat?  via #sandy

First Touch 1 Sandy 0Pick up your free copy..where ever you can!

niggas should of gotten gas before the hurricane like we did. We have full tanks and have been prepared since Monday !

THERE IS A DELAY IN OUR NEW ITEMS DUE TO OUR MANUFACTURER IS STILL OUT OF POWER! THANKS A LOT SANDY BUT STAY TUNED F

#FIMA food for delivery in downtown manhattan. #Sandy #newyork #sewardpark East Side

#TuitJabar Roker Springsteen Menghibur Korban Sandy #Jabar #Tuit

The Red Cross is collecting funds for Hurricane Sandy victims. Donate online or donate $10 by phone by texting the word REDCROSS to 90999.

In need of an act for Nov 13th. Had a great act from BC fall through due to hurricane cancelling their tour. Help out! Let me know.

The Forgotten Borough: Staten Island Suffers Massive Post-Sandy Damage, 19 Dead [PHOTOS]  via

Cogeneration technology has been one of the few good news stories to emerge from Hurricane Sandy, as it kept the:

Donate the relief effort for #Sandy. Text HURRICANE to 20222 to donate $10, and reply YES when you receive a text message.

Looking to help victims of #Sandy? Donate to at  TWC will match donations up to $1mil

Hurricane Sandy: More than 200,000 still without power in Bergen County

[INFOGRAPHIC] After Superstorm Sandy, here's our final wave of results on which candidate is more meaningful  #elections

it'll raise money for charities geared towards the hurricane relief tho.

not sure what time we will actually make it in tonight because of Sandy madness. Scheduled for 7!

Wade says postpone Knick game; donates to Sandy victims    #NBA #Miami #Heat

Post-Sandy Staten Island: Of all NYC's boroughs, Staten Island: Of all NYC's boroughs, Staten Island may be

yeah sandy is hard headed tho ! And lol idk why

A photo gallery by Kevin Arnone after he reported live from Milford during superstorm #sandy:

The Elephant's Trunk hope that you, your loved ones, and your colleagues successfully withstood the devastation of Hurricane Sandy.

Through all of the devastation from Sandy,its sad to think about how much money the gas companies are making off of it.I say donate it to RC

#Sandy: is a BITCH  I wish death on dat hoe 4 dat shit she did 2 peopleespecially New York  Jersey!!!!

Baby Love Collecting Baby/Children Donations for #Sandy Victims  via #Milford

Photo tour of the Rockaway Peninsula, post-Hurricane Sandy -

Shortly after launching a crisis map for #Sandy, #Google has rolled out #PublicAlerts on Maps and Search.

#yourwestchester hopes every one in #Westchester is faring well post-Sandy!

Ran 5.15 miles in 41 mins and felt blah. Day 5 of 24 hour duty due to Hurricane Sandy. Needless to say exhaustion ha

Just doing some cleanup from #Sandy

Was out of state when #Sandy hit. Feels odd not responding, but proud of all #military  #firstresponders who did. Great job!

Trenton Mayor Tony Mack fights back against complaints he was absent during Hurricane Sandy

#sandy has invoked 2 superior leaders  these men will lead the country in the very near future

Mom: My plea ignored in #Sandy tragedy

Cable going in and out. Good for 30 minutes then out for 3 minutes. Been going on for three days. Anything to do w/sandy?

Stunning before and after pics from Hurricane Sandy

Its crazy how so many people got laid off because of Sandy!!

To hold #NYCMarathon against wishes of all YOU SERVE while those same ppl have no food/water/clothing/heat is cruel. #Sandy

Does your #Nissan vehicle need replacing because of Hurricane #Sandy? Follow this link for specials for PA victims:

From this hurricane I really appreciate electricity

So, now that the hurricane has bulldozed its way through my area, we have a nor'easter making it's way here Tuesday. SMH.

Sobering before and after images of the damage caused by hurricane #Sandy

Bike ride to warmth and friends #sandy Koch Queensboro Bridge

People of NJ-please know our highways are bumper to Bumper with trucks on their way to youAmerica is thinking of nothing else! #sandy

iPad Mini Launch in NYC Gets Late Start [VIDEO]: Hurricane Sandy didn't stop Apple fans fr  ht

Some say Sandy Frankenstorm exposes nuclear energy vulnerability, but also link to climate change  so then what

Friday #Business Must-Reads  Also features businesses that were affected by Hurricane Sandy.

Cablevision Issuing Sandy Refunds - Even if Your Outage Was Caused by Power Issues: Cablevision has announced that the company will b

sittin on my ass all week cuz #sandy likes my store in the dark is great and all but come on lets get the show on the road!

Food and Water Distribution Centers for New Yorkers who need help after #Hurricane. Please //t.co/kjleWDQ7

Do you have a account? They're refunding some fees to help people affected by Hurricane #Sandy

i should have made a sandy video.

Meanwhile_GADGETS!: Like Hurricane Sandy on Facebook for Official News, You Weirdo

As New York gets back on it feet, the markets are digesting elections and hurricane recovery efforts.

If there's a hurricane and you're told to evacuate and you CHOOSE to stay how are you mad that it took days to rescue you? The fuck?

Win! Mammoth Sandy Denny Collection  #mojo

I'll gladly be a last resort. I have two cats who won't be happy about it is it a hurricane rescue?

Our thoughts are with all of the people that have been impacted by Hurricane Sandy. At times like this it

An staffer is raising money for hurricane #Sandy relief in Staten Island. Read about it:

RT Praying for the people affected by Sandy.. so sad.

Are there any libraries hit by #Sandy that can use YA/MG ARC donations?

Top Stories: Disney issues call to help Sandy victims - Following the announcement made today by Ro

OH Now mutha fckas give a fck about a #Hurricane but #Katrina hit Louisiana no one gave 2 shits aint that some #Bullshit

Uh ooooooooh! Its Hurricane Season!

A Note To Our Friends and Neighbors Recovering From #Sandy #Yonkers #Westchester   #MuseumLove

ATTENTION!! Please read this  get back to me for a helping hand to the victims of Sandy. //t.co/wKTNIw9C

Tune in at 8pm ET as support #Sandy relief victims on

Forgotten New York - As you know, Hurricane Sandy has devastated the metropolitan area, especially shoreline areas in

RTTune into Sat at 7:40am to see #YAI 's CEO discuss #Sandy 's impact on people with #disabilities.

#TGIF Been a whole week of listening to endless bickering, If your home wasnt lost from #Sandy or living in the Apocalypse shut the fuck up

Just. Wow. -- Staten Island Hotel Owner, Refuses To Evict Hurricane Refugees For NYC Marathon Runners (VIDEO)

Nice email from a couple days ago. PR people: take note for your crisis communication plan. #Sandy

Want to Donate to the Red Cross #Sandy relief? Do it through and they will match  AND gives you TrueBlue pts

nothing! :( it's bcuz of Hurricane Sandy! :(

Having trouble reconciling the decision to hold #nymarathon as scheduled. Thus ends my #sandy coverage, back to talking advertising now.

Bethlehem Still Reeling in Sandy's Aftermath - Bethlehem, PA Patch

A parking lot full of yellow cabs is flooded as a result of superstorm Sandy in Hoboken, N.J. by Charles Sykes

There's a new drink called The Sandy. It's a watered down Manhattan. What? #toosoon #Sandy

Welcome to post-Sandy New York.

Hurricane Sandy: Alec Baldwin and Other Stars Share Their Stories from the Storm | iVillage.ca

Bloomberg/Christie's Post-Sandy Backing Gives Obama an Unexpected Boost

catbird giving 100% of the proceeds from sales on the ny/nj necklaces to red cross:  #sandy

Running diesel on vegetable oil?: We have fuel shortages here in NYC thanks to Sandy, and there's just no way to

Well done, Union hacks! Bully folks trying to help clean up a natural disaster! Absolutely disgusting:  #Sandy

People have lost everything the Sandy Benefit is not about Christina or free promo it's about them

I didn't get my costume yet, so I'm coming as a hurricane sandy survivor

Have you ever heard of a drink named Sandy? It's a watered down Manhattan. :/ Why do I love bad puns?

A Matchmaker Named Sandy - The Jewish Week: A Matchmaker Named SandyThe Jewish WeekA female student hel  #college

2012 started with a hurricane in New York at the end of october ahhhhh #endoftheworld #pleaseno

Technology news: Twitter Releases Numbers Related To Hurricane Sandy: More Than 20M Tweets Sent During Its Peak:

'Hurricane Sandy: Coming Together,' A Benefit Telethon To Aid Victims Of Hurricane Sandy - Tune in tonight

Help us track the impact of Sandy on (and match volunteers to) libraries, archives, and museums in metro region

Saks Fifth Avenue - In the heart of it - during Sandy

reading up on ongoing non-electricity issues post-Sandy, so why oh why did the marathon push on as scheduled???

$99 for 3 Hours of Handyman or Hurricane Sandy Repair! at Just Right Carpentry amp; Painting

FDR High School shelter needs: Slippers for kids  adults, sweatshirts  sweatpants, new underwear  socks, jackets, canned food #sandy

sounds good to me.  And yeah sandy was a hoe. Fo shoo she fuxked erryone

#news: Gas Lines, Patchy Transit Mire Recovery After Sandy - Wall Street Journal: ABC NewsGas Line  #googleupdate

Video: 3D rendering of New York City flooding during hurricane

Let's hope #Sandy is historical outlier,  not the start of a trend. Especially w/ impacts like this (via

Tonight at 7pm! We're pulling out the grill for a Hurricane Sandy BBQ :) Join us for some hot hamburgers fresh off

Learn 4 things event planners can do to keep attendees safe during a  natural disaster like Superstorm Sandy. #yaypym

The water in Breezy Point is not safe to drink, according to the mayor's office. Bottle water will be distributed. #Sandy

Conservatives are risking being called extremists again 4 speaking out in favor of putting Hurricane recovery ahead of NYC marathon. #tcot

I even checked up on yo ass when sandy hit tf lol

We feel incredibly lucky and thankful that we get to wish Bethany and Steve a VERY Happy Wedding Day today! Not even Sandy can stop them! 3

Brooklyn bookshop is holding a fundraiser this weekend to keep the business alive post-Sandy

Hello Everyone here on Twitter. Now ince that horrible Hurricane has passed. I hope everything is back to normal now with all of You. :)

Don't drink the tap water in #Breezy Point. The rest of #NYC water is still safe to use. #Sandy

Fuck you Hurricane Sandy! Romney b**ch ass winning

#Bloomberg defends decision to continue w/ Marathon plans in NYC. Race will generate at least $1M for #Sandy victims.

Google News: Europe Gasoline/Naphtha-Gasoline firms on post Sandy shortages - Reuters Africa

glad to see u voted sir. now donate $10 to Red Cross for #Sandy victims please And that's a Great AVI you have there!

Don't forget to do what you can to help those severely affected by Sandy. . .

We complain about not having electricity or gas while others lost everything from the hurricane. I'll take n

Hurricane #Sandy's Link To #Climate Change: Does It Matter?  v huffingtonpost

As a member of the SPN family and one of the people whose home was ruined in the Hurricane, I appreciate

Sandy's turning out to be Obama's Katrina.

Fuck you sandy for making me fat

To assist New Yorkers affected by Hurricane Sandy w donations of cash, goods, services, or to volunteer, please visit:

This hurricane was horrible, so many people lost everything. And it makes it worse that so many people I know have noth

Curious, how do you expect ppl 2 call FEMA if your landline doesn't work and your cell is out of power or the network is overloaded? #Sandy

Hi lis a lis fans! How's everyone doing since Sandy? Let us Know if we can be of any help! Hang in there!

Client:  Why don't you have more people recruited for the FG in NY?  Me:  Um..maybe because there was a hurricane called Sandy, heard of it?

Heat Unsure Knicks Game Should Go On After Hurricane Sandy

You can't hold a race if no one runs.  #nycmarathon #sandy

honestly, watching the news you'd think some of the residents in Sandy's path never watched the weather reports leading up to the storm

My heart got out to all those suffering and lost in #NY due to #Sandy

Hope you are well after the Hurricane.

My heart goes out to all the people that lost their homes because of hurricane sandy, let me know if anyone needs anything!! #illhelpanyone

#Westchester, #Rockland counties declared federal disaster areas by Pres. Obama this am, Gov says #sandy  !it's about time!

At least the hurricane I survived was in Texas. I didn't need heat.  I also had a generator. I cannot imagine what NJ is going through.

Hell, we give money if a country is having a hangnail crisis.Where are the other nations helping us with Sandy?#hurricanesandy

Leave the Hurricane Sandy Telethon Alone - Whether the event is corny or not, shame on us for being so cynical and s

What would have happened if Hurricane Sandy's name was Hurricane Arod? ..It wouldn't have hit anything.

Society proves yet again that they believe the sky is, in fact, falling. (In other news, the sky is, in fact, not falling) #KCCO #Sandy

#ObamaMedia Selectively Edits Chuck Schumer out of Sandy Victim's Pleas for Help  via

#Sandy watching from a distance so sad. Amazing how tragedy brings people 2gether. Prayers to all from central Iowa!!!

HBO (Ch 300) is in Free Preview tonight from 8-9 ET. Watch HURRICANE SANDY: COMING TOGETHER with performances by Bruce Springs

Thanks for the info on Insurance Agent CE credits here in Hawaii. We braved a #tsunami while waiting for #Sandy

50% of CommuniKey card sales is going directly to the Red Cross for Hurricane Sandy aid, this weekend.

Hurricane Sandy didn't keep Jimmy Fallon from hosting his show with no audience

Sandy loot crew really yall #TBGWT

#Sandy death toll in US rises to nearly 100; 'could be more,' NYC mayor says

A Reminder: The Salvation Army has boots on the ground in the wake of #Sandy.

Very little damage from Sandy in #Brockville. Few #insurance #claims.  How about your area in #Ontario?

Sandy to Slow October Home Sales in the U.S. Northeast: Existing-home sales, a market indicator follo  #tcot #p2

Coast Guard orders formal investigation into sinking of HMS Bounty during Hurricane Sandy

PennDOT announced that they will be waiving restrictions for truck drivers hauling supplies to those affected by Sandy.

Fish on Fridays: Hurricane Sandy, Climate Change, and the Future of Fish  via

#TPS: (The Boss) Sting, Billy Joel Benefit Concert tonight for #Sandy:  #PayItForward

Thank you Elliott Sadler for mentioning the victims of the devastation of #Sandy.  #NASCAR

South avenue Staten Island gas line of cars. Check this out! #sandy

Despite being class 1, Sandy's size is what allowed it to pack such a punch according to   #WMAF12

its my 22nd birthday today. I lost eveything i owned from sandy I live in long beach ny.I have nothing please ilu rt

Humanity got through Sandy  that Homeland interrogation in one week  didn't turn into a massive, blubbering mess. Everything will be OK.

Apparently Staten Island doesn't get any respect from #NOAA, either. #Sandy #NoRespect

#Oceanography: relationship of decline of Arctic ice to severe weather - esp. Eastern Seaboard  #NY  #Sandy

Hunter- hurricane sandy is just like snokie , she blew the whole New Jersey  coast.

Governors Warn Insurers Not to Charge Hurricane Deductibles  via

No deaths in barrier islands, past the recovery stage, says . We got lucky #sandy

Looking for a way to help with #Sandy relief this weekend? A map of opportunities in the 5 boroughs:  #NYC #resilience

Id be scared as shit as a fisherman out at sea in the middle of a hurricane like in the perfect storm

Apparently we need to consult tv producers for disaster planning: How Victoria's Secret Saved Nat'l Guard From Sandy

sandy knocked out the power job, Iv never been more happy to do absolutely nothing, EVER!! lol

#Sandy what about westchester? Another 10 days to fix the problem? 2 crews in new rochelle is considered appropriate? #fail

Told them to make sure this got shipped to block on Staten Island. #sandy

If u need food  water 2day, u got an hour#Sandy

Up to date information about hurricane #Sandy provided by Google's nonprofit arm Crisis Response:

More than 20M tweets sent as Sandy struck  #tech #technology #tech

idher hi hain. Just moved back to our place..kessa tha Hurricane Sandy?? U survive haan :) aur jao America :)

Feeling sorry for the folks that are still dealing with the effects from Sandy. #newyork #newjersey etc

Umm, Perez Hilton is saying that LeAnn Rhymes' Halloween costume was offensive. She dressed up as Sandy From Grease. #ComeAgain?

beyond impressed that donated all of those clothes to the people affected by hurricane sandy #teamsnooki #lo

damn where have you been, did sandy take you?

Hurricane Sandy Leads to Postponement of Gary Simmons Exhibition at Fort Worth Modern: The residual effect of the

Help support our local victims of Hurricane Sandy.

Accept the fact that Romney and Obama both did something wrong. It is now time to do something about global warming. #VoteGreen. #sandy

Was #Hurricane Isaac's passing interest in the Republican Convention just a precursor for #Sandy's visit prior to #election?

lmaoooo! fuck it then too bad sandy didn't wash away your twitter acct. ho!

Microsoft cues up the Windows Phone 8 ball: week in review As Hurricane Sandy started to pummel the East Coast, Microsoft made its bi

#Sandy is far worse than #Katrina, why isn't ripping over govt fail?on yeah their heads

Dell Supports Customers Impacted by Hurricane Sandy

In our latest blogpost, we tackle marketing ethics in the wake of #Sandy and an ad. Read more:

SPORTS: To Donate Pay From vs. Heat To #Hurricane #Sandy Relief  | via

angry residents throw eggs at utility crews seems kind of wasfeful  hypocritical since supplies are scarce #Sandy

i had a 'post-hurricane fashion blog' joke with my brother and a friend on Wednesday. keep it classy, NYMag. sheesh.

Honda Pledges $500,000 to Red Cross for Hurricane Sandy ReliefIn the wake of devastation caused by Hurricane

Two things to note namslam's hurricane #sandy hair-do and the space jam poster in the back #tgi HQ

Temporary waiver of Jones Act provisions to get fuel to Northeast ports post-#sandy:

Typos.Hate 'em. I donated a multiple of chai to #BendtheArc  to help help Newark. Please do the same. #Sandy

#Sandy  #HomelandSecurity: Inflection Point or Affirming the Status Quo? -   #DHS #FEMA #Sandy #NYC #NJ

is donating $5000 to AND matching all employee donations, this makes my heart happy.  #dogood #lovemyjob #Sandy

New York City Marathon: How Runners Plan to Help Post-Sandy  via

Touched by the images of Sandy's wrath? Tune in to for TONIGHT's Hurricane Sandy relief benefit concert 8/7c. #SandyHelp

Brace for round two: Powerful nor'easter winter storm bears down on East Coast still reeling from SANDY..  #tcot

STREETS DEPARTMENT RESCHEDULES CLOSURE FOR CRESHEIM VALLEY DRIVE PROJECTStart Date Delayed Due to Hurricane

2012 Lucky Shops has been postponed due to hurricane Sandy!  See you all in Dec !!! vasa new york will be there

To all the families negatively impacted by Sandy, the Celebrated Media family has you in our thoughts and prayers!

#Hurricane Sandy: Hundreds of pet owners frantically look for their lost loved ones  #frantically #Headlines #Hundreds

No homes, No food, No fuel, No water, No clothes, NO MARATHON!!#NYmarathon #sandy #hurricane#nydailynews

please do a better job of keeping the opinions of your crew off the live feed #sandy #SI

please rt to remind people the animal victims of sandy need help too! Food crates water blankets sweaters!

my mom's probably not taking me to new york city next weekend now because it's still a mess from sandy ugh

sandy hopkicked your hopes and dreams.

Still praying for y'all east coast! #Sandy

See Hurricane Sandy's impact on the Internet - A play by play look at how Sandy shut down the Internet when it struc

These are the lines at the Gulf gas station at the corner of Post Road East and Hillspoint Road. #sandy

Good for you. I wonder how any reasonable person can vote for Romney Ryan ticket. #Sandy may be the wakeup call

- This same #govt failing at getting #Sandy devastation under control is expected to handle #healthcare? #hannity

Proud of  for donating his game check for the hurricane relief fund.

Hannity: President Photo Op -- He came he saw, he left#sandy #nj

Sandy fucked us up too. Sincerely, Haiti. RT Dear Main Stream Media, #Sandy fucked us up too. Sincerely, Cuba.

Thank you for bringing High Socks For Hope to those affected by Sandy. A lot of people lost their homes. Your help means a lot.

You can help the relief efforts for Hurricane Sandy by donating to the American Red Cross.

One of the best ways to help those who were affected by Hurricane Sandy is to donate to the American Red Cross

Hurricane sandy was coming . This lady knocked on a mans door with her two sons seeking help . He simply said NO! GO away!

Cars completely submerged at parking garage on Horatio  Washington St. #sandy

Oh, and I imagine Sandy will be persona non grata in New York for the foreseeable future.

Our thoughts and support go out to everyone affected by Hurricane #Sandy. Please stay safe.

u and I went through Cedia flights and now Sandy.. We are a team

My phone losing service like crazy. Suffering from Sandy ~$kittle$~

.  and I bring u latest on Sandy: Pockets of discontent among signs of recovery

I live on Long Island. Lately, I spend more time in Pandora. Its nicer, cleaner and safer and has more fuel. #Sandy

For those in the LA area who want to help out those affected by #Sandy please bring donations to 1864 N Vermont ave!!

You may have missed this during #Sandy

lmaoooo hell nah its cool the house is fucking messd up because of the hurricane lmao

sucks that you came back with all this hurricane bullshit. When can I se you? :D

Climate realists: This guy blocked me because he cited Sandy as proof of global warming and rejected the data I cited.

Photos of how bad things are in New York City. People are standing in line to dumpster dive. #sandy

Shes complaining about her trees being ruined from the hurricane

Today donated 5 cars of supplies to hurricane victims, even though the couldn't afford to.Please help!

Latest #Sandy victim a Korean War  FDNY hero but says we leave no man behind..as he was waving goodbye from Air Force 1. #FAIL

Unless you're calling for donations or letting people know abt a benefit event, your press release should not have 'Sandy' in it. #tasteless

Kudos to d wade for donating his game check to nyc for the sandy aftermath

Power Outage May Last Through the Weekend: Since Sandy hit, Hoboken has made a complete transformation. The streets

Thx 4 th FAVE! So glad 2 hear ur okay after #Sandy. Happy #Friday  big smiles 2 U.

My OG Challenge was cut short 5 days due to Hurricane Sandy. Unfortunately I was 1 of the 2.3 million Jersey Folks without electricity.

I know right? #nyc should get it priorities straight! we need more subways and buses, not a #nycmarathon! #sandy

If this hurricane was good for anything, I finally hit a G7 at full volume #vocalperks

live action show more info coming soon damn sandy are putting things on a halt

MasterCard, Amex Donate to Sandy Relief - American Banker

all safe, hurricane was an interesting experience..l however with wine, gin and big blanket we were safe and warm!

The divide between Uptown and Downtown is even more apparent than usual. #powervsnopower #Sandy

#Bloomberg didnt postpone the marathon. OK. But now, NYC residents displaces by #SANDY are being kicked out of hotels to make for runners

I just want you to text me cause I'm cold, tired, and lonely. Damn you sandy.

how do we rally some entertainment for Sandy flood victims?

Our thoughts are still with everyone affected by Hurricane Sandy. Please text RED CROSS to 90999 to donate $10 to disaster relief

gladly retweeted as a Katrina survivor, Sandy not as bad, feel bad for the people of NY/NJ

Hurricane Sandy Brought Out New York's 'Warm' Side, Matt Lauer Says: 'Today' host

It feels like Christmas ONLY BETTER. #sandy

#BAHAMAS: The economic toll of Hurricane Sandy on the Bahamas could be as high as $300m, according to a regional insurance organization.

So sandy is suppose to be turning back around but this time it's suppose to be snow

#Sandy Update: Lower Manhattan restaurants still closed, most open Uptown, in Queens + BK. Deliv times may still be long.

Tune-in to E! Tonight 8/7c to help Hurricane Sandy relief.  Help raise money for #SandyHelp

So far frankenstorm Sandy has disrupted the filming of Noah and a production of The Tempest. I like a weather system with irony!

How was the art world in #NYC affected by #Sandy? Check this article  Really worth a read + Gives perspective.

Retweet if you think the NYC MARATHON should be postponed. #NYC #MARATHON #SANDY

Hahaha! The chuckling has started! Calling hurricane Sandy, hurricane Cindy! #dearth! Cc ,

#Hurricane #Sandy is scared of #ChuckNorris u can ask her why not Texas she'll tell #ChuckNorris live there

A glimpse into what was happening today A little help and care goes a long way.  #Sandy

The #NYCMarathon is CANCELED, according to NBC, Reuters, CNBC, and Ray Kelly. No rescheduled date yet. #Sandy #NYC

i think she tweeted they were delaying until next wk due to 20/20 coverage of Sandy

Tips for repairs after #Sandy  When you #needcash for repairs go to

S/O to Mark Cuban for donating 1 million dollars to the Sandy victims. That's incredible!#IUAlum #HoosierNation

Global Warming is the reason for #Sandy? What sorcery. I thought it was because of raging gay butt sex.

not me tonight. I am out cleaning up my house and some neighbors'. Thx for following my coverage. Plz keep sandy vics in thots

Mr. Obama: that's S-T-A-T-E-N I-S-L-A-N-D. Staten Island. Ya know; the place devastated by Sandy in that state that's a sure win for you.

I wonder how snooki is taking the hurricane aftermath

In this building/ office on the east side with no heat since hurricane sandy, not a gud feeling but somebody gots to do it.

Sunday's New York City Marathon has been cancelled due to Hurricane Sandy complications:

Don't forget!! Tomorrow is the first #YouthFutures Alumni Event from10:30-3:00 at the Sandy Hill Community Center on 250 Somerset East!!

Watching the coverage from Staten Island makes me SICK because #Sandy was done on purpose #HAARP #SandyRelief #SandyAid #FEMA

Ok. The reason why ive been so inactive is because I am in New York. I had a very close relative pass away due to the recent hurricane

Hotel lobby pianist is crucifying me with a rendition of The Way We Were.  Survived Sandy, may not survive this.

Good energy n thoughts to my ups partners in jfk n hwr! As well as all those affected by hurricane sandy!

Its about time they cancelled the NYC Marathon. It honestly made no sense to try to have it. Show some respect to the people affect by Sandy

Where can I donate clothes? I'm in the Bronx. #Sandy

ETS Athletic Development Alex from Butler NJ put in a grind session!!! No power no problem sandy !!!

#nyc cancels #marathon out of respect for #sandy clean uppost on iur thoughts coming in a bit

FEMA hiring $9.50/hr working in areas affected by Sandy. For more info: Neighborhood Assistance

Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone on the East Coast affected by Hurricane #Sandy.

This is not a victory over the #marathon or it's runners, but a step forward for more help for #sandy victims. Runners were not at fault

Entertainment: Aimee Mann treats storm-weary concertgoers to new 'Sandy' song

Awesome finding out about where to donate clothes. I've had a pile here I was meaning to donate anyway pre-Sandy.

Jayz Always Rapping About His City Well Sandy Mash It Up Where You Deh Sean ?!

Raw: Sandy Leaves NYC Subways FloodedThis is reckless.

2012 NYC Marathon Canceled: The 2012 New York City Marathon has been canceled in the wake of Hurricane Sandy.

use this as a time to rally runners  ask people to serve - this is a monumental opportunity #Selflessness #Sandy #GiveBack

Via This guy is the reason Hurricane Sandy's Wikipedia page didn't mention climate change until today:

Beware of scams that follow events such as #Sandy. For helpful tips on how to avoid such scams go to:

Flavors for 11/3:  Red Velvet, Pink Velvet, Cannoli Cream, Salted Caramel, Peanut Butter Cup, Pumpkin Pie, Pecan Sandy and Gramma's Ganache!

NEWS RELEASE:  Michigan State Police Troopers Deploy to #NewJersey to Assist With Hurricane Response Efforts  #Sandy

Help make a financial donation to the Red Cross to help those who were affected by Hurricane Sandy #Relief4Sandy. RT h

West Coasters: Want an easy way to help w/ post-Sandy? Brokeland lists a bunch of relief projects you can donate to:

The scope of damage from #Sandy  the suffering of the citizens made canceling the NYC Marathon the right thing.  #HashOut

In Dallas sports news-- Mark Cuban is giving $1 mil. to victims of Sandy, and the Rangers have

What happens to charity support  donations now has been cancelled? #Sandy

Hey if u are going to give $1 million to a charity for #Sandy give it to #DT

In wake of #Sandy , I'm thinking that Cuomo v. Christie would make one hell of a Presidential race in 2016..

Wanted Islamic Terrorist Wants to Send Help to Hurricane Victims: With offers donations and assistance i  #fresno

got a hurricane in the back of her throat, she thinks she's made of candyyyy

Im sooooo happy i filled my tank up before the hurricane

Yung my fone is still m.i.a on service wtf sandy left 3 days ago

Sunday's #NYC #Marathon called off due to #Sandy via

I'd run it in a hurricane.. weather ain't shit.

Juzza, you're saved!  Thank u, Dr. Dandy Sandy. xxxx

This is where the #restaurant ind excels: 8 acts of kindness from restaurateurs post-Sandy. #foodservice #nrashow #in

LA Lakers donate $50k to Red Cross for victims of storm Sandy - need your help to match $50k more

Mad respect for D-Wade giving his whole paycheck to the people affected by hurricane sandy

NYC Marathon Canceled. It shouldn't have been. Hey, it's America's pride!! It's a testing time.. Where is our determination? #NewYork #Sandy

We are watching this tonight 3  Hurricane Sandy: Coming Together

u really got moonshine?! / I finished it during the hurricane

all runners should now volunteerthat's appropriate #nyc #runners #sandy #volunteer #marathon

In the wake of #Sandy, the #Binghamton #Community #Service Fair encouraged residents to take an interest in their town.

Also, please remember I live smack in the middle of the country so I have no hurricane experience

now Doomberg can concentrate on soda drinkers.oh and all the people suffering from #sandy

A weathered mannequin head sits on a trash can in front of a home damaged by Superstorm Sandy on Nov

An Update for DMV Customers Affected by Hurricane Sandy

#FF everyone that survived Sandy. She was a bitch.

In 3rd Com'te reports of Rapporteurs who left during #Sandy now read out. Housing  finance rushed through. #BrokenBanks

feel free to use our free Sandy Volunteer Mapper app if it's easier

My heart goes out to anybody and everybody who lost everything during the hurricane #tragic

My moto is being taken care of at home during Sandy!! Thanks boon_chan #caferacer #custom #

When a hospital loses power  via #Sandy

Jersey shore's terrifyingly fascinating bird's eye before and after photos. #Sandy #NJ #Jersey #shore #hurricane

Hurricane Sandy is now effecting Century City. Yuppies are unable to drive their Range Rovers because they a

Twitter used a means of communication when Power went down  #disaster #sandy #socialmedia

The response to #Sandy is starting to look like a microcosm of Obama's presidency: hope  hype giving way to failure  recriminations

Another casualty of Sandy: This Sunday's New York Marathon has been cancelled, despite earlier plans to press ahead with it.

u shud have tried gulliver's adventure So how our hometown lool like, miss it. Sandy didn't wreck u guys huh

Being the bearer of bad news to the marathon runners who were to give an interview before the start of Sunday's race. #sandy

RT: ask Romney to give his Swiss bank account to the Red Cross hurricane relief he can afford it. plus it's a write off #ff

Take a look at the new  improve welcome sign 4 the #mayor office #bloomberg #sandy #nyc #marathon #USA #MTA #recovery

Where you can volunteer this weekend -   #Sandy

Hurricane Gone and We are open tonight, Friday for Kung Fu life!!!

More help from Midwest going to assist in Sandy recovery: The bill could top $30 billion dollars across the east

CDC Health Related Information: For Sandy Victims

I'm watching Hurricane Sandy: Coming Together (11 others checked-in)  #GetGlue #HurricaneSandy

There are going to be a lot of very pissed and angry Brits on the NY streets tonight, and they thought #sandy was bad #nycmarathon

Such an amazing thing to be apart of when the dark, dank buildings you've been working in all day fills with light #RecoverNYC #Sandy #NYC

The idea that we could prevent an event like #sandy by cutting back on carbon fue

Knoxville: NYC Marathon cancelled: The New York City Marathon has been cancelled for Sunday because of Sandy's a

Con Edison: newsroom - Statement from Con Edison  #NYC #SuperStorm #Sandy #PowerOutage

I was also Sandy from Grease for Halloween! Coming to the show at the izod center cant wait!

Many New Yorkers thought Frankenstorm (Hurricane Sandy) would get rid of the city's rats. The only rats that

RIP to all the people who died from the hurricane

I agree - In the wake of Sandy it was a forgone conclusion. What part of foregone didn't the organisers understand

Sandy got nothing on me. I'm bitchier than her.

Hope everyone is staying safe after Hurricane Sandy!  Our thoughts are with all who experienced any loss!

#ROMNEY: Why God creates #LGBT people: |  |BLOG| #p2 #tcot #samesex #sandy #obama #marriage #queer

good on you, as if things are not bad enuf for people!keep up the brilliant work, you all deserve medals! #Sandy

Though the marathon was for charity, its only right to postpone it  focus on those affected by Sandy

Despite Superstorm Sandy iPad WIFI sells out in NYC today.

Stay safe out there East Coast Friends! Sending our love your way! #Sandy survivors, donate to the

Have a hotel room for the #NYCMarathon that you're no longer using? Don't cancel. Donate it to evacuees:  #NYC #Sandy

Friends, if you'd like to donate to the American Red Cross to help SuperStorm Sandy's victims, our bud Philip

We're donating 50% of all proceeds from online sales now - 11/6/12 to the Sandy recovery efforts. RT to help us spread the word.

I didn't know so many white people lived in this town. Sandy brought em out the woodwork

from trinidad i noticed you sacrifice campaign to be a leader during hurricane sandyyou are the president the country needs

Niggas are gassing cause we had a hurricane  we having a snowstorm  think the world will end you know how people say the world

Donate $5 between 6-10pm tonight  receive 2 free drinks! Proceeds go towards Hurricane Relief, drink for a cause!

I know there was a hurricane and shit but.. i ordered those tees 3 weeks ago. #WTF

Glad to hear NYC Marathon canceled. Hard 4 people to get into mindset (not to mention closing MORE roads and accommodation shortage). #Sandy

Looking for space to bring #DC together for a blood drive for #Sandy. Have a floor we can clear on 11/11? Email d Thx!

SOMEONE SAW JOE PA'S GHOST!! BREAKING NEWS  #sandy #pennstate #farts

wish i could be i got no power #Sandy

downed tree as play structure in Carroll Park. #Sandy

Tree News From Around The World This Week on Sandy Aftermath

So many delayed orders due to hurricane sandy!!!

I think they should've canceled it before the hurricane, preemptively.

@highlight

Hurricane Sandy lashes Bahamas with wind and rain.

@highlight

Hurricane Sandy is churning up the waves! Expect peak wind gusts in excess of 50 mph on shore.

@highlight

Airlines cancel 7000 flights, 50m Americans to be affected, and public transportation systems are stoped.

@highlight

Hurricane Sandy is some 485 miles south-southeast of New York City packing winds of 75 mph.

@highlight

At least five million people are without power across the eastern US as a result of storm.

@highlight

Latest U.S.: 18 people deaths and 7.4 million without power.

@highlight

The scope of damage from Sandy the suffering of the citizens made canceling the NYC Marathon the right thing.