It's hard to say what the bigger disaster is for NY/NJ. The #Jets or Hurricane #Sandy. #Dolphins #nfl

I'm trying to be optimistic but there is a high probability that my basement gets water/flooded in the next 10 days. #sandy #sadtweet

Thank the lord, Jesus almighty, and Sandy.

My father trynna have a freaking party. I dont think he is aware that sandy is coming w. No invite !!

The plan is to be too fucked up to care about this hurricane.

Just for the flava / with a brand new mayonnaise / I fight the power! #sandy

I wish I could still drink shitty beer like I used to because a Hurricane 40 seems necessary for this Sunday funday

I can't wait when scientists have to give ghetto names to hurricanes. Hurricane Bonquisha sounds really mean

If the bitch Sandy gon come show ya true colors tonight boo so a nigga can get faded

i beleive in God , so to be honestt , im really not scared abt this hurricane ..

please help spread the word for #NY. #NYC #evacuation maps.  #sandy

Sandy Needa Chill Out At Least Til Da Game Is Ova..

Biscuits and sausage gravy tomorrow morning, tacos tomorrow night. #Sandy

A good look at Hurricane Sandy via a visible image on this cold/blustery Sunday afternoon:  #alwx #Sandy

RTSixty million at risk as deadly '#Frankenstorm' #Sandy triggers mass evacuations

We are about to get hit w/ this hurricane. Subway n' bus line will be suspended. No school monday. My ass is staying the hell home.

fqw Wall Street makes plans to open Monday even as Sandy bears down: NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock exchang  qfw

NO HARM SHALL COME INTO OUR PRESENCE NO HURRICANE OR NATURAL DISASTERZ SHALL OCCUR IN MY

Its raining its pouring oh shit sandy just knocked a tree down on that old nigga.

Last years I went streaking in hurricane Irene Who's trying to continue this tradition with me with this bitch sandy?

Preparing for the hurricane wit my gur

PA Gov Tom #Corbett addresses the commonwealth on preps for #Sandy today at 4:30. Live stream here:  #SandyCenPA

Mostly it looks like Christie standing in front of a microphone talking about Sandy preparations.  We're watching redzone instead

Go away Hurricane sandy. You are drunk.

but like while this hurricane thing is going on i totes need a texting buddy #applicationsarenowaccepted

I feel like since we have hyped sandy up so much she wont even be that bad! But I just think tht cause it happens with

Just start #Tebow in the 2nd Half There is still time to change #Sandy's course   #SaveNJ

Must stock up on Tito's vodka..There's a huge storm coming!! #sandy #PortuguesePride h

We are guaranteed to not have school tomorrow so why is everybody getting so pissed off? THEY WILL NOT SEND US TO SCHOOL DURING A HURRICANE

When your friends from #NOLA call to check in on you ahead of #Sandy, then you know the love between communities goes both ways!

What if Sandy knocks out my electricity den i cnt charge my phone which means no internet omg

My house is officially frankenstorm-proofed. Sandy can't touch this shit.

Last year school was cancelled around this time for a blizzard.. This year it's for a hurricane. I love predictable weather patterns

While you're preparing for #sandy stop in and enjoy #dinner with us

Fish blowing Jets out to sea before Sandy could get a crack at them

Best part of big storms..Jim Cantore and Stephanie Abrams giving live reports. #Sandy

Powerof FaceBook-RSS Facebook Gift Event Also Gets Blown Out of NYC by Hurricane Sandy - All Things Digital: All

The hurricane sandy twitter is killin it right now.

CAMPUS IS CLOSED TOMORROW DUE TO HURRICANE SANDY. FUCK YEAH.

Sandy coming to a place near you. Stay safe folks

I'm actually going closer to the hurricane(due to a trip that is not being canceled) I hope it's not too bad.

SEPTA is shutting down everything tomorrow #sandy

#hurricane #sandy is coming AND my governor has the sniffles. #Christie

University officially shut down tomorrow! Come on seminary! #sandy

If theres gonna be a #hurricane I'm gonna need ice cream. What flavor should i get? And do laundry right?

we arent going to get anything from this hurricane, it should be raining right now but it isnt coming inland yet, it is still south of NC

Hurricane sandy is species confused. Her path looks like a tornado even though she's a hurricane.

Hurricane sandy! Errrr I hope we don't have school tomorrow!

my first child will be named sandy #jk

Hurricane Sandy: New York City on LOCK DOWN as Mayor Bloomberg orders mandatory evacuation | Mail Online

If you live in a state that will be effected b #sandy please stay safe. I don't have school Monday or Tuesday cause of it

I hope rumson is still standing when I get back. Stay safe everyone #Sandy

sandy gonna kill us wit her heelz

announced all schools will be closed on Monday, Oct. 29, in anticipation of Hurricane Sandy cc:

Despite Internet buzz that, experts say it's too soon to tell if Hurricane #Sandy could equal another Perfect Storm

Ok so wtf is this whole hype!? Everyone is freaking out about this storm!!! Uugghh #sandy

Gary Rothfeld Review Wall Street makes plans to open Monday even as Sandy bears down - Reuters: My MoinfoWall Street ma  Gary Rothfeld

I'm inviting over so we can recreate the Blown Away music video during the hurricane.

Come Sandy, come. I don't wanna go to school.

Here's the latest on #Hurricane #Sandy and the storm surge potential. #NYwx #NJwx

I hope Hurricane Sandy don't make it UpState

dear hurricane sandy,please knock out my power so i dont have to watch this fucking game!yours truly, every jets fan in the tristate area

Hurricane sleepover wat upp ?! Lol

yeah bro I'm suppose to be. But hurricane Sandy is playing with me right now

Mass Evacuations as Sandy Nears NE Coast | GreenSupplys

you should come over now and love me during this hurricane mhmmm yeah I think you should ;D

Frozen again . I hate the arena. And this hurricane because it's cold and rainy and SAD

and VT State Police about to give update on state's response to #Sandy:   #vt #btv

in Galloway , sandy bms too tha max

I really don't think Sandy is going to be that big of a storm

s/o to mah gurll sandy

Hey guys , youre all so happy you'd have off . You're off bc theres a hurricane coming its not going to be all peaches n c

Google announement in NYC for Monday was cancelled because of hurricane. Don't know if there's other announcements elsewhere..

Followed by alot of this all because of sandy lol

Here we go!  Apocalypse- Hurricane Sandy w/

Will I begin to feel sorry for kind ladies named Sandy as I did for those named Katrina in '05?

#mobile tech news: Google Android event cancelled due to Hurricane Sandy

Ya really need to stop with these wack ass Hurricane jokes tho.

Anticipating Sandy, airlines cancel more than 3,000 flights: Airlines canceled more than 3,000 flights as  #tampa

Hurricane plans: sit in onesie and eat crackers.

I feel like this hurricane will be bad, but not so much for western mass.

your a dominican female you could do more damage than sandy and niggas would still wanna hit that..

Why is everyone freaking out over a category 1 hurricane?. they're  gunna close cities down for nothing again.

I guess #SANDY coming with  everyboby from bikini bottom Spongebob n all

Our flashlights, radios, and wife's vibrators all use the same batteries. Bring it on hurricane Sandy! Bring it on!

THANKS SANDY . cancel the whole week now lol

Hurricane Sandy- thank you. XoxoKenzie

Something always comes up when I'm in my groove. Fuck you Sandy, again.

And with that half of football, #Eagles make it much easier for the fans 2 safely evacuate in advance of #Sandy, because

All New Yorkers, stay safe, evacuate- Hurricane Sandy is a mean storm 4,800 tweets  #hurricanesandy

My siblings getting ready for this hurricane tho. Watching smurfs and stuffing our belts with hot food lols

Please allow a few extra days for delivery as we won't be able to ship orders until Sandy passes. Stay safe, everyone!

is Sandy dropping an album? If not, she means all sorts of nothing.

so are we like having a hurricane party at your house?

Shumlin: #Sandy is a different storm than Irene, still serious, though no massive flooding   #btv #vt

Glad to be home from New York as hurricane Sandy approaches

#Sandy: School cancellations already announced for Mon: #PG,#Howard, #DC, #Fairfax, #Calvert. #Montgomery Co decision by 5 a.m. Mon

Deadass If This Hurricane Hits Hard, Ima Wait For The Eye To Come Then Go To Walmart Or Best Buy To Steal Shit. Fuck It Right ? Lmfaoooooooo

Latest track brings #Sandy into CNY starting tomorrow afternoon.  Be prepared for heavy rain and high winds. #mpany #wtopwx

Well if anyone needs food during the hurricane let me know cause mother is making enough food to last us a month right now #OverReacting

If classes aren't canceled, no shot I'm going outside in a hurricane.

Oops..what group SANG the SANDY song in 1966?

Alright #Sandy.  Please hurry up and come wipe this horrible #jets #dolphins game away please?  Thanks!

My hood is up in this stadium not cause it's cold or hurricane but because the New York jets are EMBARASSING

#Sandy/#Frankenstorm best excuse for not having to do homework. #noschool

i dont want storm sandy :(

Everyone in the path of Hurricane Sandy (as we are), be safe. Stock up on essentials. Better to be over-prepared than under-prepared.

Pop says the #jets would have been better off if the hurricane came earlier

Lol who doesn't want to practice in a hurricane

my office will try. Guaranteed. Guess I can ride my bike through sandy..

Hurricane Sandy this bitch CLOSE MY SCHOOL

Omfgg where the hell is Sandy ??? I do not want to go to damn school tomorrow !

Hurricane preparations ahoy! Mallomars, check. Ruffles, check. Mountain Dew, check. Mounting media hysteria, check.

Soooo I think I'm stuck in Cali. Could be worse. Enjoy that hurricane etc Nyc friends

Things I need for this hurricane. VitaminWaters.Ps3.Girlfriend.Backup generater.Snacks.and madd movies!!!

hurricane #Sandy is HERE. Button down your hatches NJ, NY. 50mph winds, floods, no electricity. Get a 3day survival pack. No transit, no ATM

i hope the hurricane  isn't major

Shitttt, that hurricane that's going to hit new york looks so bad!

These hurricane twitter page things are FUCKING ANNOYING.

Me  Sandy be like that if she shuts school down tmr :))

Hurricane sandy looks really scary. Good luck to everyone in its path in the next few days.

So I want to bring in Hurricane Sandy the right way!!! Party at my place!!!! lol

Those white sandy Caribbean beaches. #OhLawdAMercy #LawdTakeTime

i wonder if Kanye is thinking about how much it'll cost him to have a hurricane named after him #RapperVanity

possible hurricane in New York :( :( :( stay safe beautiful xxxxxxx

East Coast prepares for Hurricane Sandy's landfall: Hurricane Sand is projected to make landfall in the  #Atlanta #GA

Dam the hurricane is serious if they cut of the football game just to talk about it

bitch im bringin a duffle bag of shit there i am not finna get caught slippin by this hurricane

:'D Sandy has a twitter acc?? Come on guys

now i need classes cancelled Wednesday and ill have a whole week off #sandy

Lets have a hurricane party now.

Doesn't look like ima make it through this Hurricane. No food, power, or entertainment? Just kill me now lol

I for 1 like watching the half time report. My local news just in interrupted bc of Sandy! Grr.

Airlines cancel thousands of flights before storm; 50m Americans to be affected  #Sandy

alright ppl yer not gonna fucking die from this hurricane, so stop coming up to me and complaining tops has no water

Got my run in today. Bike trainer set up. Ready for you #Sandy! #Superstorm

Keep up with the latest info on Hurricane Sandy as it makes its way to our area, visit our Max Media Tracking

This hurricane tho It's been raining where I from us dnt feel my pain tho

Hey #runners, make sure you have fresh batteries for your headlamps in case of power outage. #sandy

Zone A under official evacuation order, check your zone here or at   #Sandy #hurricane #nyc

Does this hurricane mean no trick or treating?Can they postpone Halloween??

hmm pretty ironic that the free song on itunes is called hurricane

well someone's gonna have to teach this hurricane sandy a lesson

That Hurricane Sandy Page Dumb As Shit ,but It's Funny cant Fade It.

I wonder if the Chinese man will deliver during Sandy

Wait a minute? A hurricane ? In Ny? In 2012? Wow God bless us all that's not normal

I need to know who I can call so I can get a hurricane named after me

went to the vegan market across the street  bought a SHITLOAD of acai powder for this hurricane. nice try sandy, this i

I'm way behind time. Other mc Have their own mixtapes. Aku? abok. :') come on sandy. U can do it. Make a damn effort.

I can't tell if Upper West Siders are more upset about the #hurricane or the run on organic produce. #1percentproblem #nyc #frankenstorm

Why the fuck wouldn't we have school? We live no where near where sandy is gonna hit. All were gonna get is a little rain

Getting ready for #Sandy? Hard boil eggs now. If power goes out  you need to open your fridge, you can have them for dinner.

about to send some random and completely unrelated tweets #sandy #bored #sorry

Dear Gap, please call me and tell me we're closed due to the hurricane. #nevergoingtohappen

I noticed the same thing. Perhaps people felt foolishly overprepared for Irene, not preparing as much for Sandy?

Indeed! R  Let's see if #Sandy Hook, #NJ ends up w/a record tide: 10.1' during 1960 Hurricane Donna and 9.8' with Irene.

apparently there's like a massive hurricane headed for New York

MT Don't freak out. Download #Hurricane app and prepare yourself instead.  #US

Bloody Mary's  British Cinema: Gosford Park, Pride  Prejudice  Hot Fuzz #sandy

As long as i got Weezy, J Biebs, New Boyz, Chris Brown and my cat, Sandy can bring it on(;

Watching the Hurricane Irene episode of How I Met Your Mother. Disaster averted.

I wonder which one of these is gonna be the first to have a hurricane photoshoot

I just read the news about the supestorm #Sandy which is prepared on the east cost of the USA. Wish you good luck and my God be with you!

Missing the evac zone by a whole two blocks.  #noproblem #sandy #gulp

My bags are packed, I'm ready to go. Taxi's waitin' outside my door. Oh #Sandy please don't screw me over. #DevLearn #JFK

Riding in a Hurricane: Anyone ever ride in a Hurricane? We've got one heaqdig up the east coast (no longer a hur

Yessss!!  I know this is a stretch but I hope classes are canceled because of the hurricane

Niggas wanna play during a hurricane smh

i have been to starbucks 28 times today and my excuse is that i might die in the hurricane tomorrow

I hope this hurricane don't b havin my lights out for a whole week

If we have school tomorrow i could see shurka making us go out for gym and play hurricane frisbe

Gigantic Hurricane Sandy bears down US East Coast - Reuters UK: Telegraph.co.ukGigantic Hurricane Sandy bears do

O wouldn't be surprised, looking at those houses if that's Soundside of Hatteras. Wow, eh?  #Sandy #ncwx

MT HURRICANE SANDY AIN'T EVEN A SCARY NAME THO. I NEED A TERRIFYING NAME LIKE HURRICANE SHANAYNAY.

Hurricane Katrina Survivor 2 Hurricane Sandy Watch or Warning Area. Leave if you can. If you see Angel of Death from WC get out of area asap

can the hurricane come to iowa so i dont have to go to school

Someone video chat with me during the hurricane if I don't lose power

Sun Halo Created by the Outer Bands of Hurricane Sandy (a 2nd view)  #cltwx #sandy

All state courts are closed Monday because of #Sandy

People are thanking Sandy for this. But will you thank her when she causes the power to go out?

ATTENTION: NO SCHOOL TOMORROW OR TUESDAY DUE TO HURRICANE SANDY

Lucky you, I'm about to get hit with hurricane sandy

Everyone on the East Coast please take precautions to stay #Frankensafe from the #Frankenstorm! #Sandy

Hurricane sandy, needa do something so we can miss school. #please #idontwannagotoschool

ESPN: C's flee from Sandy: BOSTON -- The Boston Celtics shuffled their itinerary earlier this week and were sche

Hope it's not a real state of emergency, cuz I don't have gas $ to go anywhere! #Hurricane #Sandy

If Hurricane Sandy is really about to go crazy at IUP, I better not have my 9am exam tomorrow morning #butseriously

Wawa run to stock up before sandy hits :)

sending in my absentee ballot for VA from NYC now! Now hopefully #sandy won't ruin it for us. 4 more years!

Dear Hurricane Sandy please knock my school down Thanks

i want a day off from school.. fuck hurricane come to montreal

Hurricanes sandy know she Bad lol

If ur apartment is hit by a dolphinDO NOT GO OUT TO SEE IF THE DOLPHIN IS OKAY.Thats how hurricane tricks you into c

Whoever names hurricanes seriously needs to be replaced..there's nothing intimidating about a sandy.

Gotta go buy some flashlights and a car charger before this hurricane hits. I hate not having power fuckkk

I am over Hurricane Sandy and it hasn't even technically gotten here yet

'And you can't hold me down'cause I belong to the hurricane. It's gonna blow this all away.'

Creamydk: What Are the Risks From Hurricane Sandy?

It would be fun as shot at school with everyone during the Hurricane.

Sooooo uuuhhhh I guess I'll be the one to ask who's going to be twerkin during the hurricane

Just take care Sandy and let us know once in a while that you are ok! We all care!!

Why are you guys freaking about about this hurricane?

Prep is over, just waiting for the coming of Sandy, about 2 am Monday my time.

Is it weird that I miss hurricane days? #floridianproblems

S/o to those Mexicans playing soccer in branch brook park lol I guess Sandy not gonna fuck their game up

All my friends and followers on the east coast in Sandy's path please stay safe.  I hope its not as bad as they keep saying. :(

We making it rain on y'all hoes! Fuck a hurricane Sandy! We the hurricane! #steelernation

So I've migrated from Ocean City to Rehoboth Beach, DE- Lots of boarded up business  extremely heavy surf. I'll post some pics later #Sandy

Jets might as well wrap this game up and beat hurricane sandy to the crib #FinsUp

moved to the east coast 7 months ago now a hurricane with the same name as my mom is threatening to destroy me. #JustMyLuck

Lady across the street has been leaf blowing for past half hour. Does she know big leaf blower #sandy  is coming.

the fact that my room is gonna flood with this hurricane, if it's as bad as they say it's gonna be

Its like another day at my house. Lol maybe we should've prepared a lottle better for this hurricane..

A house at Pine Creek Beach boarded up #FairfieldCT #Fairfield #southportct #pinecreekct #Sandy

Alrighty #Maryland Hunker down. #Sandy is about to introduce herself. Friends at the ocean said the pier is gone.

Sandy not hitting Charlotte ^_^ , i just hope it dont fuck up jersey.

Im not watchin no fuckin game durin a hurricane..and dont act like you aint see that bad girls club marathon on nigga..turn dat

I really want sandy to hit mad hard

Hurricane #Sandy has closed #Forrester BOS,NYC, DC offices on Monday.

I hope the week goes by fast due to all this hurricane hype.

I can't find a solid time--when will the hurricane hit the tri-state area? #inquiringminds

#NoOneEver asked me if I was going to be okay during Hurricane Sandy

Bout to watch this boxing match n take it Down for awhile this hurricane bout to keep a nigga right in the crib for the next couple

I'm going to club fuck sandy

Hurricane Sandy Z is a slut! She's fucking everyone in the tri-state area!

What is it about this hurricane that makes us want to buy things we don't need? I WANT FRITOS! I WANT MEAT BALLS! I W

i will only have one flashlight and no food for sandy #thestruggle

Stormwatch: the national hurricane centre will hold a briefing on the expected impacts of Hurricane Sandy

Ughh why do i have to live on the east side !!!! Hurricane Sandy I'm not liking you right now

Shout out to my girl Sandy cuz I got the call, NO SCHOOL!!

Help public safety,medical, health colleagues in Fairfax, VA, use #ffxstorm re: #Sandy in that area.

Did Vinny from Jersey Shore just compare 9/11 to #Sandy ? #disappointed I thought he was the smartest one in the sh

That last link was for those who are not taking Sandy seriously and thinking this is all just Hype. She's THAT BIG. Stay safe! :)

That is one crazy storm about to hit the US!!! #sandy

Seriously though I hope the people I do know over there stay safe. It's insane how gigantic and weird Hurricane Sandy is.

realllllllly would like to get snowed in at tvc- let's go sandy

Crawford Animal Hospital  has staff confirmed for patient care and pets that need to #evacuate due to sandy. They

This morning, Christie formally asked Obama to declare a pre-landfall emergency for NJ, so state can request $ and other Sandy-related help

Tom I will build a replica of Noah's ark so I can sail to you during sandy.

UPDATE: As a precaution due to #Sandy, the #911Memorial closes today at 4pm  all day tomorrow. Reserve new passes at

Sandy's slow ride through Sunday continues. Winds still at 75mph and moving NE at 14 mph. Add Chesapeake City and

The hurricane gave my mom a reason to go to the super market and actually buy good stuff thanks Sandy!!

Am I paranoid or does the siren at the carnival sound like a storm warning/air raid siren? #Salem #october #Sandy

Sandy Will Bring The Potential For Very Heavy Rainfall To Northern New England Monday Afternoon Into Tuesday. Flood

Wow everyone is frantically perparing for Sandy.

I feel like I'm under house arrest and the hurricane hasn't even started yet

Lmao now that MCPS closed schools for 2 days its starting to hit everyone that a hurricane is coming lmao

This hurricane is keeping me from riding my horseinstead I have to do homework #why? #yousuckhurricane #tailoredbitches

#Sandy #pets - U R out of prescription pet food?? too late now. get some pet probiotics, digestive enzymes + canned

Sandy.. what an intimidating name for a huricane

This year hurricane im cuddle up with my pillow , Smh

could be worse! You should hear my friends who are Jets fans! As if #sandy wasn't bad enough for them!

Amtrak has now cancelled service on The East Coast for Monday. There's going to be some stranded people. Oy. #Sandy

If anyone lives in New York North Carolina and along the coast board your windows and do not go out big hurricane get out of town mayor said

I think I have a hurricane lineup. Harry Potter, Transformers, FIFA, Avengers, Hunger Games, FIFA, Spiderman, FIFA, Batman, Blade,FIFA, FIFA

Thank you Hurricane Sandy for no school tomorow

My college is closed tomorrow. Thank you Hurricane.

So glad schools are closed tomorrow. Bring it on, Sandy!

Niggas so god damn dramatic its a matha fukin hurricane not a fucking bomb! Talkin bout the world bouta end ???

Who's down to shoot a video in the hurricane? lol

Now i have more days to finish my project! thanks sandy

It's always the ass holes,Wtf are you surfin knowing the winds bout heavy ishell and Sandy bald headed ass on her way!! Tf in your Skully!

I'm worried about you guys With this Sandy close!  Be save ok!  Miss you!!

Its just a two day hurricane and people acting like its a zombie apocalypse.chill out ppl!

Sandy better keep her ass in bikini bottom nobody got time for this hurricane shit

My family seriously wnts to go out to dinner with a hurricane coming -.-

this is bull shit I can't see botdf because of this stupid hurricane and I already payed for my ticket and i waoted 2 months .

u better hurry before Sandy coming swirlingand u really can'tLOL

Apparently this is how NYC preps for a hurricane #sandy

Dear Lord, please scare these Pennsylvanians with this hurricane, forcing them to cancel school tomorrow. Ameeeeen.

most people preparing for a hurricane: better get supplies; me preparing for a hurricane: better shave my legs #yaneverknow

Breaking news: Toronto prepares for, acts smug about being included in hurricane

Listened to The Maine. Don't think I'd brave Sandy for that.

in all honesty, be safe man! However the hurricane joke tweets are killing me! I am LOLing.

I am still waiting for a hurricane Lawrence someday!

Preparing for hurricane Sandy, this is what's left

I say we cop a zip and smoke all night def not by your house cause sandy is gonna kill us all

Eagles fans are not. Happy. Got them folks sittin out in Sandy for nothin

I have no school Monday and Tuesday cus of sandy I'm so happy

She's here!! Wish us luck cause sandy's here to play

I've been compiling a list of resources for Hurricane #Sandy aka #Frankenstorm.

I feel like this hurricane never going to happen lol

Sandy got errbody shook AF.. #bare #barron #empty #shelves #no #bread

Stay safe guys. Stock up and make a GO bag. It's going to get a bit crazy. #Sandy

Are any of my followers getting hit by the hurricane? Charge your shit up now!

thx sandy u canceled my school

I'll be the Hurricane Sandy to your Hurricane Danny.

The NFL should stop the game now so the Pats can fly home before Sandy

Jets 3 times in the Red Zone; blocked FG, FG and INT. Opposite of good. So done right now. Where's Sandy?

My mom just called to make sure I have extra food in case of the hurricane. Thanks mom!

RT When surfers die trying to surf hurricane waves, I'm okay with that.

ohh shit hurricane sandy kinda thug

Tweets from NYC folks like are starting to make me wonder if I am woefully ill-prepared for this hurricane.

I pray for everyone who is getting hit with hurricane sandy right now lord bless them and keep them safe Amen..

Any1 wanna text me during the so called hurricane lmfao

Before this hurricane happens, i wanna chill with someone(: lol

needs to head back to New York to protect from the hurricane :(

Stand by New York! Batten down and brave it out. #sandy

I'm dying at this Hurricane Sandy Account #Ratchet

Local Genaurdi's is out of wet ice. Folks now buying dry ice. #Sandy .

due to sandy, all saints day, and one of my prof having a wedding to go to, i now have 1 class this week #fuckyeah #thatswhatsup

ima be sick if Sandy knocks my power out :(

I will be posting video clips often throughout the next 48 hours. This will give you a ground-level look at the effects of Sandy in NJ

My Top 3 #lastfm Artists: Taylor Swift (64), Sandy Leah (7)  Mary J. Blige (5) #lastfm

AP-Amtrak cancels most services for Monday throughout US northeast #sandy

Sandy coming  All These Bitches Wanna Cuddle Now !

Sandy used to be good till she started hanging around Danny Zuko. Now lookshe's blowing everyone on the east coast.

These sponge bob hurricane jokes are not funny

Mandatory evac south of the tracks in Guilford. (luckily not me) Stay safe everyone! #sandy #guilford #connecticut

halloween last year: snowing. halloween this year: sandy.

anddd would you like me to die -__- there is gonna be that hurricane shit

Mayor Nutter has issued a state of emergency for the city in preparation of Hurricane Sandy.  Watch your local

hurricane sandy hurry the fuck up

holy shit im uncontrolably laughing in the library at ur last hurricane sandy retweet hahahahaha

lol we adults girl go big or go home in dis hurricane

Each time I check, Hurricane Sandy, gets more depressing, think Washington is a no go, time to look for new flight to Bermuda.

Oh, I didn't even think of that. Hers was just parked in their driveway during the hurricane.  Car was totalled

Praying I won't lose power so I can just sit in my house the next two days and watch Meg Ryan movies! :) #Sandy #glasshalffull

Halloween is on wednesday.. I have no costume.. and theres a hurricane going on. Greattttttttt

I'm sooo bored . Sandy just take me now .

Unbelievableanother hurricane in the East Coast.. it's really just unbelievable.

#hurricane Sandy - NY, NJ, PHI offices closed. Working from home tomorrow (assuming power holds!)

Clearly, #sandy knew better than to mess with the Thanks for another great day - congrats to all the marathoners!

Storm Surge from Sandy still being felt in Florida  #ireport

If you look like hibernation sandy cheeks obviously ur not gonna get 'blown away' ya fat fuck. Its a hurricane not a crane.

Keeping my loved ones back home in my prayers tonight! Hope Hurricane Sandy passes through the East Coast with minimal damage! Stay safe! 3

Hurricane Sandy Coming Everybody Charge All Y'all Phones , iPods ,iPhones , Androids, Laptops  Put Batteries In Ever

#sigh too bad I will not see/hear/feel anything from sandy

Yowzersrough trip into work tomorrow night. #Sandy

Please don't let this hurricane lead you into writing more sad songs!I'm trying to get you to write more happy songs!

woah woah what? i'm on the east coast who's Sandy?

#Hurricane Sandy means travel trouble across East Coast. Some tips on dealing w/ the airlines.  via

Every Body Talking About Hurrican Sandy That Bitch Ain't Got Shit On Me!

hurricane season lol be careful Nosa

We're keeping all our friends in the path of #Sandy in our thoughts. Be safe.

As excited as I am for the #Dawgs and #Falcons, my thoughts and prayers are with those in the path of Hurricane Sandy. S

Wonder why the US names its natural disasters after women. Up next is Hurricane Sandy

Despite what the map says, it has yet to even rain at my home, not far from Annapolis, MD. But we're ready! #Sandy

Just got a call. No work tomorrow definitely and possibly Tues. as well. Will find out tomorrow about Tues. #Sandy

We've got Macaroni  Cheese, water, pumpkin seeds, and a Mexican prayer candle. #BodegaPreparations #Sandy

people are really renting couches in dubois lmao Hurricane Sandy College House Party

Hurricane Sandycan we please not talk about sex life anymore.

Gotta get ready for sandy ya mean

Its that time of year again where we hear of all bad things happenin. Hurricane #Sandy for one. Hope you guys stay safe out there xx

Hurricane Sandy Will Blow Skinny Bitches With Flats Away

Anybody having a Hurricane Sandy sleep over ?

Yall Pressed ACPS Closed  Talking Bout Making Moves Sandy's Rain  Wind Gunna Sweep All Asses Off yall Fe

On last flight to ny before sandy

I'm turning #straight for #HurricaneSandy!  Thanks for the few days off!  BE SAFE EVERYONE! Meanwhile, #Sandy and I will be here making out.

Got a feeling this hurricane gone be weak not gone sleep tho ..

Hurricane Sandy Alert Related to the Election

I feel like being a hurricane chaser lol. I'm gonna do a before, during and aftermath video of Sandy. Yes I'm crazy I know lol!

Rutgers New Brunswick/Piscataway classes cancelled for Monday and Tuesday  #Sandy

My bus ride from #Philly to #DC was totally uneventful. I hope my fellow travelers have similarly easy trips. #Sandy.

While waiting for this hurricane to pass, create a to-do list; get some stuff done! Whether it be in your house, school work, reading etc.

Of course my mom will have all the windows open before a hurricane comes

Hurricane sandy is about to just straight up dump on us .

I wish I could tweet about hurricane sandy #landlocked

can we stop retweeting stupid hurricane sandy accounts. God damn. Why are there so fucking many of them.

Stay in the know about the status of the trains or buses you use. Sign up for our email  txt alerts.  #Sandy

This restaurant should be offering some kind of rum drink with an umbrella and call it a Hurricane Sandy

jess_richmond walking around before sandy kicks in.

Just wondering if people know there's a hurricane coming? Why are you jogging in a sports bra and shorts?!

I have the #Sandy song from Grease stuck in my head. Dammit. #dontevenlikethatsong

Good morning #Sandy oh sorry.. didn't realize it was your time of the month.

This hurricane better not fuck up my car!

If Hurricane Sandy has a last name I'd bet the farm her last name is Sanchez. #jets

Possibly Stuck in New York for the night!? Beer and sour patch kids. Bring it on sandy. #Hurricanesandy

The earth can a bitch sometimes.. Here not a cloud and some miles away there's a hurricane :(

I weirdly enjoyed the communal feeling of last-minute grocery shopping before the storm. #Sandy

At the rate Sandy is going here in RVA, a lot of people are going to have tons of bottled water to drink

Now that school is cancelled, Sandy, take a detour and destroy Canada instead #nobodylikesthem

So what im hearing is that we dont have school monday and tuesdayA, thanks sandy

when idiots plan to have a fire on the night of a hurricane #goodluck #windyandrainy

Leaves being whipped round and round like a mini leaf tornado, near One Police Plaza #sandy

Why do I have a feeling this hurricane won't even be that real?

no school tomorrow? why yes, I would like to stay up all night watching scary movies! thank you hurricane Sandy. Please don't hurt my house.

OMG!  I'm out of Fritos!  What do I do? #Sandy #Frankenstorm #Hurripocalypse

once again, i'm worrying about all the stray dogs/cats during the hurricane :(

yea man wish you were on the east huge hurricane tomorrow, need some boogy boards

Not only am I gonna die during this hurricane but I'm going to die with cramps. Not the way I wanna go.

Omg those hurrican sandy tweets LOL

I'm mad that hurricane sandy twitter has almost 23K followers lmao

I FUCKING LOVE #Sandy so MUCH,Thanks for no school :) xxxxxxxxx

Just finished all the house/yard work, waiting for Hurricane #Sandy to hit Southern New England.

She's quarterbacking these hoes  Sandy is pump fakin

a hurricane coming i would walk tf out . Family emergency lol

I don't think everybody will be So nervous about it #ImNotInNYCAtTheMoment imagine if New York is touch by Sandy

Google's interactive crisis map for #Sandy   Tons of good information. (This is a great map! Check it out.)

I've been drinking since I heard #Sandy was coming, now you want me to get on the roof and clean my gutters? R U from the gov't?

Watch some freak wind hit and Sandy goes out to the ocean and we don't get shit!!

If those pipes break during the hurricane  and we have contaminated water again I'm moving to Alabama

We had an amazing time last Friday at Embry Riddle in Daytona! It's seems hurricane #sandy also enjoyed herself

I'm learning how to drive over Twitter. One good thing about #Sandy

Have you seen this: Google's interactive crisis map for Sandy

Waiting to see what sandy does #fall #leaves

No school tomorrow and Tuesday I'm liking #Sandy

can you gives the true us perspective, how bad is sandy? #wherethewindcomessweepingdowntheplains

Hurricane storm surge photos are being tweeted by  Big event!!

Defiantly looks like a hurricane is approaching

#vtgov declares State of Emergency ahead of Sandy. #nygov did same. Check  for live wx radar.

Jonathan Schwartz keeps saying he wants to stay on air for the entirety of #Sandy and that just makes me want to drown myself.

Just got done church i am like now scared of hurricane sandy

yeaaah , hurricane sandy : / , go to shoprite and stack up : ) , its til Wednesday I heard .

IKR it came on my ipod shuffle  i was like OHMYGOD HURRICANE YES PERFECT I WILL NOW TWEET THESE LYRICS YEAH IM COOL

is this hurricane even gonna hit richmond?

At 10 AM my neighbor had twin hurricane flags up his flagpole, at 2 PM one was already hanging half off. #SandyDunkin Hoping it goes north.

Just left GiantZOOpermarket!!!Thank you Sandy!

lmaoo got that sandy kush. hurricane special.

Phew! Made it out of DC on a standby flight  just landed in SF just in time to avoid Hurricane Sandy. Sending prayers, east-coasters.

I don't want to be in school when this hurricane happens.

some good food before Sandy !

Are you ready for HURRICANE SANDY ?  Follow FEMA assistance ideas on there website:

Got it!  It's true us NY'ers are taking it in our stride. #Sandy #JustAnotherStorm

To all my twitter buddies in the east, we r praying for you all. Stay safe and God will be watching over you all. #Sandy #RnR2012

That's it!! Locked in the asylum to ride out Sandy w/ my Scnibber-doodle 3  Insane Asylum)

Shopping my way thru this hurricane #sandy #shoptilwedrop

We will have a Hurricane Sandy update at 4pm on WAVY-TV. Be sure to tune in for the latest developments! #WAVYSandy #WAVY_News

Who the hell is #sandy and why does everyone hate her so much and how is she closing schools across the country!?!

Hurricane sandy don't got shit on me I have a knife #swag

NEWS12: Are you changing your halloween plans because of Sandy?

Haha! It's not for everyone. I LOVE to surf, but hurricane waves r No joke. not good enough to get down w/ those Yet. :p

sandy should hit bama so we wouldnt have to go to school tomorrow #wishfulthinking

praying that is kept safe during the hurricane! xx

Who's tryna get rafts and do a lazy river down George Street during this hurricane?

who knew we'd get another hurricane in NYC. Def prepping for 2013 hurricane hottie

Yea was just thinking of all the New Yorkers on Instagram. I wont even have to watch the news. Twitter Instagram all I need #Sandy

a nigga will survive sandy jus fine wit avi #realniggashit

hurricane sandy coming , but still don't got no worries

Praying that classes get cancelled tomorrow!! #sandy

Im ready for hurricane Sandy I got food in my house.

Feel the storm, its coming  Apocalypse - Hurricane Sandy w/ 1306 others)

My job is PACKED ! I never knew it was that serious to workout before a hurricane really white folks ??!!

Doing my homework even tho there probably won't even be a school for me to go to after #Sandy visits

At least sandy hadn't shut down Starbucks. #grateful

Hurricane Sandy Better Not Fitnuckk Wit Ma Fitnolks Doe

Hurricane sandy on its way. 4 hour bus ride to NYC. Metro shuts down at 7. And my bus driver just stopped at McDonald's

Frankenstorm Pet Emergency Plan: (PET SAFETY) As Hurricane Sandy marches up the Mid-Atlantic coast, threatening

Developing: Update: State of Emergency declared in Vermont ahead of Hurricane #Sandy

Tuesday meeting in Houston posted by #Sandy so I get to enjoy my b-day tomorrow. #yay!

#Arlington County Public Schools closed Monday  #VA #Sandy

Looks like Sandy has different plans for me. No Tybee. That bitch. #wpcs

Look, Sandy, the sooner you get here, the sooner the 36 hours you're supposed to spend screwing Jersey over will be over. Get a move on!

Sandy's gonna karate-chop the East Coast (; HAHAH-..no? No. Ohkay. I'll shut up now.

There's still a few bottles of Voss and Smart Water left at the giant in Wyo! #hurricanesandy #sandy #hurric

Hurricane is going to hit port colbren and that where I live

Huffingtonpost news Celebrities Tweet About Hurricane Sandy: As the East Coast prepares for Hurricane Sandy, cel

I hope my dad and grandmother stay they jamacian asses in the house away from the hurricane.

I can't wait for the rain to hit tonight. #hurricane #noschool?

I mean the* next hurricane. That's terribly disappointing.

They say the safest place to Benin a hurricane is traveling closer to it by bus, right? #Frankenstorm

New Yorkers can stfu about Hurricane Sandy. You're not going to die. I promise. I already survived it a few days ago.

is snow chasing in #WV. He's posting about it on (as well as on Twitter):  #sandy

Wishing that all my Twitter friends in Sandy's path will remain safe  dry. We're all in this together! #candles #flashlights #PBJ

Why did they not cancel my school yet when sooo many other schools got cancelled. We have an outdoor campus. OUTFUCKINGDOOR. HURRICANE. NO.

East coast tweeps! Be safe in that crazy damn storm! #Sandy

Just saw a group of cows sitting in cult formation. This storm must be serious. #sandy

School closed tomorrow! A present to us procrastinators! #SANDY

The power can't go out until after #TheWalkingDead. #Sandy #Frankenstorm

It doesn't even seem like this hurricane is coming. It's prolli gonna be something light like Irene, just a lot of

YOU HURRICANE FROM SPONGEBOB, CAN YOU NOT.

Sandy would come on my first day

Thinking of everyone who is in the path of Hurricane Sandy. Stay safe and keep us posted!

No school tomorrow means definitely hot tubbing in the hurricane ;) #whosdown

Fuck this hurricane Idc of we lose power I just wanna be able to get ahold of all my friends to hangout

Hurricane sandy. please fucking kill Sanchez

I LOVE YOU RIGHT NOW, SANDY.thank you xx

How I prepared for Sandy: Ordered my self a large pizza and some breadsticks.

Why Would They Ever Make A Twitter For Hurricane Sandy?

I am just waiting for the *Grease* comments. Heyyy there, Sandy!

I swear if this hurricane ruins any of my signed stuff for celebrities, magazines, posters, and etc someone's gonna be shot ok

NASA satellites watch as Sandy intensifies (pictures) via

JUST IN: #Groton is announcing mandatory evacuations in the low lying areas of town, as of 7:00 PM Sunday #sandy

#Wow!-  New Earth Photo Just Shows #Sandy's Massive Size   #frankenstorm

you bitches act like you're gunna be on lock down during hurricane sandy. buying mad food and shit.

I was suppose to leave work at 7 but their closing all stores early cuz of the hurricane so Im free!!!!!!

New York shuts down subway system as Sandy nears.

RT This morning I formally requested that President Barack Obama declare a pre-landfall emergency for New Jersey.  #sandy

The tragic part of #sandy may be that I'm trapped in the house with this Halloween candy. #SandyDE

Hurricane Sandy reminds me of the Republican Convention when Gov Romney said he would not do anything to stop the rising tides.

So glad to hear telling the public #pets are welcome in the shelters. Ppl shouldn't have to leave pets to be safe. #Sandy

At the pool hall with my pops:) fuck a hurricane

ahaha everytime they say hurricane sandy I think if her!!! LMFAO

Foto: nicolaformichetti: While people are shopping for frankenstorm hurricane . is looking for dog

its raining :(( hurricane sandy is approaching :((

The Giants would play through Hurricane Sandy, idk about who they'd play against?

No school tmrw or tuesI guess I can finish grading papers tmrw #sandy

the only thing my dad is concerned with is making sure the recording studio works with our generator during the hurricane #priorities

I'ma be all set for this hurricane got my Honeybuns and my KoolAid if I didn't have it I don't know what I would do ;o

I'm ready for the hurricane party tho.

All dressed up waiting Sandy's arrival .. haha

Hurricane #Sandy crisis map by helpful. Find shelters  follow weather updates  via #apha12

FoxNews/CNN/MSNBC/Weather Channel  should interrupt all hurricane coverage and broadcast Cam Newton's press conference live.

Let me go get ready for this hurricane.

How are youuuuuuuu SANDY? Please tweet me it's soon my birthday please :')x

BANDZ MAKE HER DANCE BUT HURRICANE SANDY MAKES DEM BITCHES RUN!!!!!

Romney camp prepares for Hurricane Sandy

The sky is turning blue at my housei was kinda expecting a hurricane

Sandy better leave asap, I don't wanna be stuck in this house for that long

Trying to think what to cooksomething that has to do with milk and butter .. Cook w foods that will spoil first lol #caution #hurricane

The Delaware Emergency Management Agency (DEMA) has established a Hurricane Sandy Hotline - (800) 464-4357.

Buses have been sent to all 26 public housing developments in Zone A for evacuations. #NYC #Sandy

In deference to strong women *cough*Sandy*cough*, LuLu will be closed Monday. Stay tuned for Tuesday availability.

TXgal here used to this weather.Glad ur  enjoying Hurricane Parties like us! But we know to buy Non-perishables! Ha! #BeSafe

Any sandy parties?! Need something to calm me down #sos

picked my kids up some fruit cups for snacks while we are preparing for #Frankenstorm #Sandy

if theres no school tomorrow cuz of the hurricane, ill run outside and surf on a tree lmfao

during hurricane Ireine, my father locked me out the car  laughed at me while the rain was POURING.

We totally just bought Entenmann's candles from Rite Aid #sandy

The chargers may have lost a fucking gain but I won't let that ruin Sunday hurricane funday because I'm watching Harry Potter

Nath you are never gonna tweet me are you.Hurricane Sandy is coming to me and you still wont tweet me. #depressed

Despite the hurricane i'm still gonna build this motha fuckin catapult #dedication

Millions across East Coast brace for 'Superstorm' Sandy, transit systems close and supplies fly off shelves | Fox News

Hurricane sandy. Give us on buffalo a no school miracle

I'm gonna go for a nice run in the middle of Sandy

Lmao , that Hurricane Sandy account is dumb.

Stop blowing up my twitter, I want to be home!! #missyou #staysafe #Sandy

Sandy isn't an intimidating name for a hurricane. Try shannequa

HAARP Engineering 'FRANKENSTORM' Hurricane Sandy - CAUGHT on SATELLITE and RADAR!!!PROOF On Video here:

Just saw your tweet from yesterday morning. Yup, think this awful coupl'a days are related to #Sandy #Frankenstorm for sure.You?

Can sandy make Erie really crappy please ? I don't wanna go to school

#Sandy East Coasters: Texas is praying for you! Please listen to your city officials!

Mad as shit casue i cant even see my boo tomorrow ..tht dumbass hurriacne sandy-____-

Getting ready for our party with Sandy!

The one time I'm REALLY in the mood to go for a run were about to have a hurricane

do you think this Hurricane was man-made or at least man-influenced?

Last hurricane I had a boyfriend I could talk to on the phone the whole time, this time I have a cat.

Ight now if this hurricane fuck up my Halloween imma flip a shit

hurricane party at my house hahahaI got fifa

Trying to escape from #Sandy? Watch a Panda vote in #Ukraine  Want to know election results too?

I don't have time to carve a pumpkinpreparing for Hurricane Sandy :/

This hurricane better b good lol

Home to shower and eat some real food and then back to woman the hurricane shelter #exhaustedbutgrateful

Looks like #Sandy is all we will hear about for the next 48 hours.

Sandy got me in the house all cold with the boys chilln

Although I'm a fair bit inland, I'm still in the path of #Sandy. I plan on holding up, keeping warm, and dry.  And catching up on anime :-)

Great image capture showing how close the eye of Hurricane Sandy passes by the outer banks area of North Carolina.

all I'm saying is we're going hard. Sandy style

A reminder that all our #Sandy coverage is being offered for free on

I'm really hoping this hurricane isn't gonna be as bad as my parents are making it out to be. Cause I want to work! #Biteme

Consider the back end of #Sandy; days after the storm leaves the South Florida vicinity, storm surge hits:

It's raining. Hurricane Sandy is upon us!

Bye bye Rockaway. Not sticking around here to see #sandy!

There a hurricane coming and I got 7 misqiuto bites Pls

I'm hoping Tuesday dinner turns out to be me  and sharing a candlelit meal in my bed #sandy

Everyone please be safe if you're in the path of Sandy like we are.

But like #Sandy is gonna take off the remaining leaves on the trees and then there will be nothing left to look at when you walk

Mainers to start feeling Sandy's winds Sunday night

Lmao my mom ain't prepared shit for this Hurricane

Jeez this hurricane is gonna be wetter than the dicks I like to put in my mouth

Sandy's giving us no school monday AND tuesday? ill take it.#sandy

Sandy is here and I'm driving lol. Great timing huh?

not scared of a little sandy. you just better give me a state of emergency.

Alas, gotta rain check that. I'm hiding out in the city for Sandy. I'll bring something hoppy to Halloween to celebrate MCM

lmaoo i'm literally on the farthest inland fringe of sandy alert region i think i'll be ok xoxo

Stay safe 203. I will see you in a few weeks and I don't want to see you wiped away by this hurricane :( #frankenstorm #theridge #home

spent 3hrs+ in post storm yard cleanup this morning, little twigs leaves  a barrel full of sm branches #Sandy #FloridaKeys

Keen to see what Google are announcing, too bad sandy had to come and ruin all the fub

Dear Sandy,I realize you will be making your debut later this evening, and we know you're angry enough to take

Cmon Sandy, I'm ready for whatever you dish out! (except snow)

we saw a friend on the street who said she was prepared for #Sandy because she had cookies  wine

No Classes Tomorrow Due To Hurricane Sandy..#Thankful..#ECSU..

#sandy Bloomberg orders immediate evacuation of everyone in zone A . Will close elevators

this hurricane got people on their stupid shit lmao

Monroe County Leaders Schedule 4p.m. Press Conference On Hurricane Sandy  #ROCBUZZ

Hurricane Sandy twitter accounts? Really? Really? Really? Really though? Really? Why? Why?

Uh oh! Hurricane Sandy is coming straight for us! Louis is just a little scared

Hurrican sandy rey get beat tf up!

Last time there was a hurricane my brother gave me alc. does this mean

#sandy is not helping my get my Sexy Gazoo costume together.

My mother wont let me go out tonight because of Sandy damn I shouldaa just gave some sandjobs!!

How my mom prepares for the hurricane #Sandy

Spending this hurricane all alone. I hate life.

Hurricane Sandy you better not fuck up my Halloween because i look wicked hot in my costume.

yesits supposed to hit at 8 pmand last till Tuesday#Sandy #Scary

so theres a hurricane by new york and a tsunami is supposed to hit hawaii.. is the end of the world coming? #maybe

Walmart done blessed me with a galloon of cherry limeade for 75 cents instead of $4. Thank You #sandy

oh lovely, it feels like the world is ending here cause of this hurricane lol

Already eating all my cashew provisions. #oops #doomed #Sandy

Public service announcement: 9 fraternity row is the OFFICIAL hurricane shelter for college park. If you need shelter, our doors are open

Hurricane Sandy projected landfall is based on #BigData - list of predictive models National Hurricane Center

They made a twitter account for hurricane sandy? Wtf!

Hurricane alert during football games  WTF

Hurricane Sandy Live Streams - where are they? #Hurricane #Sandy #HurricaneSandy

Stop and shops running out of food #sandy

Man fuck this Sandy Cheeks bitch!

I just wanna take a moment and thank sandy for her damaging rampage she is causing which lead to no school #ILOVEYO

making sure you have a full supply of alcohol before the hurricane hits #priorities #collegegradmess

Catergory 1 hurricane? Ah fuck better buy out the whole super market

Really glad I bought one of these after last Hurricane. I'm going to need it:

Who wants to get Hurricane wasted tonight??

Stupid hurricane. Now I have Grease songs stuck in my head.

Gigantic Hurricane Storm Bears Down On US East Coast  #News #Headlines via #newzsocial

Hey, #bsulife, how are your preparing for the hurricane? Send comments, photos to letter

They make a fake page for everything they really got one for hurricane sandy tho lol

It's raining in Toronto. And apparently it's a hurricane? Seriously, should I be worried? I mean, I had to bring an umbrella out

#sandy you were a good dog. I even got you trending. always knew I was your favorite xo hope doggy heaven is gewd

I said I wanted Sandy to cancel my classes, didnt say I wanted it to flood us, although. I wouldnt mind a power outage.Itd kinda be cool lol

In the words of a friend on Facebook I'm #Sandy has killed any thoughts of fun lol

In the next 8 to 12 hours New York City hit by Hurricane.Sendy .!!Please pray for us thanks friends..!!

Hurricane Sandy sounds like a stripper's name

#nyjets love their fans so much, they decided to send them home early for their own physical --and emotional--safety. #Sandy

Breaking News: Sag Harbor, Southampton  East Hampton Declare State of Emergency as Hurricane Sandy Nears -

Regardless of whether you're in the path of Sandy, tie yourself to a tree and yell at people about the End Times. #HurricanePreparedness

Cancelled due to Sandy, trying to re-book to Amsterdam tonight, if possible. Tired of hours of being on hold. Please help.

My house is stocked with food. Bring on the hurricane.

People in Florida would be laughing how we are freaking about a hurricane like this

Aawww, rescheduled Mon  flight to Sun hoping to get home to NY before Sandy pays a visit. Oh well, LA for a few more days.

Who ever made that hurricane sandy account neff as hell

Is Allyn really having a hurricane party?

im Prayin for us not to have school n sandy to come tonight

Pre-hurricane #Sandy pesto party. Nothing beats kids in the kitchen!

Fuck this hurricane if it gets bad Gator will punch it in the face #Gator2012

Dis hurricane bettah be bout something.

On its form it means Alberqueque    APPLE MAPS SAYS HURRICANE SANDY TO HIT CAL

The Hurricane got snow in it too btw

Mamis staying at my sisters tonight, alone for the hurricane

I wish I had a hurricane buddy

OMFGGGG LOL HURRICANE SANDY GUYS !

I like how some people was depending on the hurricane to get us out of school so they wouldn't do their hw/projects.

America's Top Insurance Lawyer, Frank N. Darras Issues Urgent Warning: Prepare Now for Hurricane Sandy

raise your hand if you're actually getting a little nervous about the hurricane

Governor expects #Sandy to effect entire Commonwealth by tomorrow afternoon.  Mostly damaging wind #wbz

Evacuacion de Manhattam, thanks #Hurricane Sandy

So I guess you'd love for Craig Romney to be prez after Mitt; he gave an address to the RNC in spanish #RomneyRyan2012 #sandy

Hurricane sandy hitting NY so scared maybe there'll be flooding and power cut gettin ready for hurricane

Only cool people are getting mandatory evacuated. So yeah. I'm cool. #SANDY

PEOPLE ARE SAYING THAT WE MIGHT NOT HAVE ELECTRICITY FOR A WEEK WHEN THE HURRICANE COMES OMFG FUCK

cant wait to see you Wednesday God willing-hurricane Sandy!

im secretly hoping that hurricane sandy hits my school

Jeez mom its a hurricane, not the end of the world xD

everyone social network i go to is filled with corny hurricane sandy jokes

Chartis Ready to Help Customers Affected by Hurricane Sandy

thanks Caite.  Sandy maybe coming up your way to pay a visit as wellbe careful.

Hurricane Sandy is going to hit soon - to fellow New Jersey residents and east coast friends, let's stay safe.

Just wrapped a friend's shoot. Driving into #frankenstorm sandy, headed for manhattan. Rain just started.

FULL EAST END COVERAGE: Hurricane Sandy Approaches

im in the middle, no hurricane action here, we only get the aftermath

you too? My only hurricane prep is wine

fuck u now u could sit home when #Sandy gets here

Early voting line was 1-2 hours long in my area (NW Baltimore).  We opted to come back after Sandy. 2 hungry kids made that decision for us.

People flock to Rehoboth Beach to see the waves. Low tide looks like high tide. Would hate to be there when storm surge hits #Sandy #SandyDE

Nothing much else new in that update.  80% chance we see tropical storm force winds, 30% chance we see hurricane force winds.

The windows at shoprite have big Xs of tapeflash backs of hurricane Emily. #badnews

wow hurricane sandy has a twitter. I'm really starting to get disappointed at what twitter has become.

Corbett: Be prepared for this. It's incumbent upon individual citizens to take care of themselves. #Sandy

Loll even hurricane sandy gat twitter , chal plz don't do it

Awe shit! The gov of MA just shut the state down!  Officially taking Sandy serious~

Im so use to being in the hurricane, that shit goin on na jus crossed my mind. #ItAintAllThat

Boo hiss hurricane that I'm dead center of BUT YAY NO SCHOOL OR WORK FOR THE NEXT TWO DAYS!

tbh I'm kinda worried for Frank + his family cus he lives in NJ, and that's where the Hurricane is supposed to hit

Getting ready for Sandy. Dark clouds gathering over Hoboken and the wind is speeding up. #hurricanesandy #Hurricane

Prayers for NYC that Hurricane Sandy passes with mercy..

Are u all stocked up for tomorrow? I bought EXTRA batteries. And my radio is all set too. Screw the hurricane. Be there!

And then a big piece of tumbleweed blew by me in the water aisle. #stopnshop #sandy

since I might die because of this hurricane, you should notice me. Love you bunchesssss :)

Gingrich: Obama Cancels Campaign Trips Due to Hurricane, Didn't Cancel Them Over Benghazi | NewsBust

Gucci Mane Can Stop Hurricane Sandy With One Kiss Swith Those Ass Lips ; lOl.

sandy a bitch she not coming ! that bitch straight FOLDED !

My hurricane preparation involved buying lots of boxes of condoms To wrap all my shit with :)

My niece has pulled that fake me out I love you too on me. SMH. Oh I got 2 spring rolls here waiting for Sandy's ass

wow just watched the news about this super hurricane heading towards USA. I say good luck and stay safe to all my

KolHaolam SANDY: Utility co's may not begin repairs till winds go below 40mph All 3 NY airports may close Amtrak Seaboard is closing

is coming home!! Sandy, you're the best. Just don't destroy my house, please.

Do we have school tomorrow? I hope not I don't want Sandy to attack us all.

Hurricane Sandy from space: Impressive  via

so whos havin the hurricane party tonight!??

Sandy is my new favorite person #noschool

Hurricane decides to start right as I walk outside #thanks

i'm so mad right now my tv is frozen, #Sandy I know it's you fucking with my head right now. Please stop my game is on.

Please mister tree, do not fall in my window during this angry hurricane weather!

I hope my bby will be okay with the hurricane approaching 3

This hurricane watching party has moved on to watching War of the Worlds. #Sandy

any hurricane parties? bc staying home might make me go insane

I will keep you all that are in the path of Sandy in my prayers.:)

My TL: Football, Hurricane Sandy, thirsty bitches, someone craving Chipotle. LOL #AllDayErryDay

Sandy, everyone is talking about you! Please be kind.

Anyone else wondering what's going to be done (if anything) about #homeless people in the subways when #Sandy hits?  #Frankenstorm #floods

We've added updates from the about preparing for Hurricane Sandy on our website. Learn more here:  #RVA

Hurricane Sandy looks huge fm satellite photos Ppl on east coast r v worried,flights from UK cancelled Even friends on west coast concerned

HURRICANE SANDY TWEETS ARE NOT FUNNY. at all. they're all the same

Preparing Your Pets for Hurricane Sandy With a Go Kit:

Hurricane Sandy is gonna attack my home :( #coastalliving #newjersey #ocean #hurricane #sandy #mylife #reneeprobs

Sandy need to come tf on lol I'm bored

Really enjoyed #CloudAtlas and now I need to read the book. Thanks for the recommendation! Good luck with #Sandy

Attn: will be live tweeting Hurricane Sandy from Columbia Heights vantage point. Stay tuned for relentless ant

With less than 2 months away from the end of the Mayan Calender, could Sandy be the start of the destruction to come ;O)

I bet somebodys daughter named this hurricane.

I'd be complaining about the hurricane too, if more than 5 people actually saw what I said.

Watching Deval Patrick talk about Sandy And I'm working in Worcester tomorrow :(

I'm not complaining because I don't have class, but a hurricane is a hurricane no matter what degree

Ciders and my Giants. Sandy can't touch this Sunday afternoon.

These hurricane sandy alerts are freaking me out Holy shit.

Because Sandy's gonna knock over my house and leave me in the grass with nothing but my phone and my Takis.

team is really stepping up here at #ORD #Sandy - just not enough seats and not enough flights back east.

Are you going to be able to get back before Sandy hits?

ok 11 inches, 70 mph winds, 1.5 nor easter 1.5 hurricane. Unprecedented in NYC.. Lovely..

Sandy has just hit us in Culpeper. SHE. HAS. ARRIVED!!!!!!!! #evacuate!

hypervocal: Whoa, a look at Hurricane Sandy from space,

I'm hoping for at least one day off from this hurricane.

it's perfect for both occasions!! Sandy and classic rock

Breaking News------ Hurricane Sandy is in Cowboy Stadium #YeahDoeHaaaaa LOL

Projected Path of Hurricane Sandy Oct 28, 2012

Just saw a page named hurricane sandy LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO I just left from over there. Bro people making hurricane pages now I'm dead

are we sure this is all just #hurricane #sandy and not the ice princess active again? #GH

Laying in bed, hearing music. Not liking this hurricane, but I'm liking not going to school tomorrow. :)

kinda ironic name for a hurricane if u think about it

Everyone in the wake of Hurricane Sandy, I pray for your salvation

I hope the Hurricane catches me outside to be honest. I'd find it funny if its mad windy cus im little so the wind could take me lol

Am I the only one that's excited for the hurricane?

this sandy updates are pissing me off

50% chance that water level in East River (Manhattan) will reach 5-7 ft (1.5-2.1 m) above normal due to Sandy:

I've never seen a hurricane. I mean face to face

Hope you're prepared for hurricane sandy - 4 day live show from your house maybe? I'm on the barrier islands over in Virginia XD

This week it's gonna be windy, rainy, stormy, dreary, and grey. #Sandy is a'comin.

Ugh, screw you Philly. Second time you've interrupted my Giants viewing with your hurricane BS. Yes. There's a hurricane. Stay inside. Done.

Feel like I'm being an over-warner, but disaster is my wheelhouse. Also, fill 2 months worth of prescriptions. xoxo #sandy

Hanging out with this kid doing the hurricane tomorrow :*

Running off all this alc from the weekend and getting a workout in before sandy comes !!

trying to get home before Sandy gets here #ferryhurryup

Trading firms prepare to deal with sandy hurricane in New York!

For everyone worried about #SANDY read THIS article about what to really expect from 'worst case scenario'

i really cud go bak to sleepand honestly i think i am.i was gonna go out for a sec then Sandy made me change my mind

so thankful you are safe  sound on the ground.  Now stay clear out of Sandy's way.  She a mean chick!

not so badpreparing for this hurricane. How bout you?

No it is the hurricane. But where I am in Canada it won't still be a hurricane

Sandy needs 2 bring her ass on so she can hurry up  roll TF out! Lol

This is the proper Sandy supply sides necessary to ride out the storm, growlers  take out

Everyone on Facebook is talking about the hurricane and how there might be tornadoes-so Im just gonna stay on twitt

I just told my aunt sandy that she was trending on twitter and she said what type of bird is a twitter #SuchAPerfectResponse

Glad I left New York today cause they cutting off Transit cause Sandy actin up.

can hurricane sandy just blow into my bed or

Damn this hurricane is going to really Fuck things up for tonight,smfh.

Estimated storm surge for Long Island Sound, Raritan Bay  New York Harbor could be 6-11 ft. Mandatory evacuations for Zone A in NYC. #Sandy

I don't want the hurricane to do much damage, but damn. Could you do SOMETHING to stop school? Likeeeeeee

Yowza!  Flights to/from DCA, IAD, BWI, BDL, PHL, EWR, JFK, ORF, LGA canceled till Tue #Sandy.

Tune into Ch. 8 at 6pm. posted a new story with never-before-seen footage from his P-3 hurricane hunter mission into #Sandy!

Tryna throw back some hurricane for this hurricane

My job closed for 4 days cause of this damn Hurricane I'm losing money man

I will be doing a live video chat/update at 6pm on  Tweet any important #sandy-related questions before then.

whos tryin to come over and watch this hurricane with me (i have alot of food)

Zr4200 predicts no school monday and Tuesday due to hurricane sandy

To all my east coast friends STAY SAFE!!! #Sandy

I need all my Ny, Boston, Jersey, and the rest of my up north followers to keep it safe with sandy coming. This not cuddle weather!!!

Pumpkin patches: The forgotten victims of #Sandy. It's going to look like a horde of teenagers with baseball bats came t

IS SANDY GONNA BE WORSE THAN IRENE CAN SOMEONE INFORM ME OF THIS I HAVENT BEEN WATCHIN THE NEWS

Dear FOX, please stop interrupting my #Giants game. We all know #sandy is on her way and going to be bad. Thank you.

I've had drinks stronger than this hurricane.

This Hurricane Sandy shit..like no i need Mr.GoldenSun !

The exorcism of slumber party sandy brought the pain today

This weather is absolutely amazing (at least in Florida; sorry you folks in Sandy's path).. so nice to finally

*Turns off phone* Y'all enjoy Hurricane Sandy

Me and throwin a HURRICANE SANDY party 2ma !!!! anybody welcome. SO, who ready shake sum for the team !?

NWS predicts seas up to 15 ft for Hancock Co. intracoastal waters (NOT offshore) Mon. nite  #barharbor #MEwx #Sandy

All you bitches should be home worrying about the hurricane that's but ganna happen not at Subway k thanks

I've bought bottle water, croissants and pumpkin bagels. Let's do this. #Sandy

NYSE Closing Stock Exchange Floor for #Sandy. First time in 27 years.

This hurricane better be bad it's getting so hyped up

Don't worry about #Sandy ur body has ways to shut all that down.

As of 5 p.m. Sunday, Hurricane #Sandy was located 530 miles south-southeast of #NYC and was moving northeast at 15 mph.

fuck that idc imgoing trick or treating during the hurricane keeping halooween alive lol

Hurricane Sandy: Zone A Evacuation, Schools Closed Monday - Business Insider

Spent the day with my gorgeous nephews, Now walking back from Dumbo and it's just starting to drizzle #sandy #Brooklyn

Come to Maryland for a vacation and a hurricane is coming? Seriously. They must follow me.

I love how #sandy Is the first thing trending in New York trends Just think it is kinda funny

Jeez, East Coastare you gonna be okay? I'm worried about you. #sandy

Thanks Sandy, Ima get trippy now

Rly can't wait for this Hurricane to hit so EVERYONE can STFU about it and witness it..LMFAO.#A.S.A.P.

I can't wait for this hurricane talk to be over -_-

6-7 More Hours Until This Hoe Sandy Come !

Hurricane Sandy Food: After getting caught without power for a week after the derecho we are super prepared this

In the northeast prepping for Sandy?? Don't forget Alex Elman wine! #priorities #important

Collective whining of Cowboys fans pushing Sandy back out to sea

Those hurricane things aren't even funny, what's funny about a storm that takes away millions of lives? #GrowUp

Shelves empty as shoppers stock up for #Sandy

Im gone! And Sandy is coming for your ass!

Idk who's blowing more sandy or romo

Praying for my dmv family sandy please don't do damage my granny is already upset she had to leave her home

hurricane sandy got hoes feeling horny..

LOOK AT ME I'M HURRICANE SANDRA DEE

If you are saying you want to cuddle in the hurricane then you can go lay outside in the middle of the hurricane and cuddle with the ground

We ain't get no Katrina type Hurricane

This hurricane can kiss my ass. If it come, it come. If it swerves it swerves. Nothin ima do but eat and sleep as long as possible.

Walking to house in the middle of a hurricane (y)

I really hope that frankenstorm is as bad as it sounds so that that school is canceled #hurricane #storm #noschool

It doesn't feel right not having to worry about a hurricane #sandyhmu

Nuclear Reactors Await Hurricane Sandy: Filed under: Environment News

We're closed tomorrow, but hope #Sandy will just turn out to be all hype. Either way, we hope all our NYC friends st

I've never seen this many people trying to get to the L before. Especially at the 8th avenue stop. #Sandy

He said hurricane Chris. Lmao

My sources are saying that a plane left Auburn today. Looks like some important figures flying to talk to Hurricane Sandy. Sandy for #Auburn

Have you ever been through a hurricane! I need advice. It's coming fast!

My emergency evacuation bag is packed and I have my emergency kit fully stocked.  #Sandy #Frankenstorm

Dominicans arent afraid of a hurricane, shit we see rain as a opportunity to shower for free!

New Bike Brooklyn store  - grand opening yesterday - evacuation today - wrong side of Kent Ave. #ZoneA #Sandy

You know there's a storm coming to New York when you don't see any pigeons or squirrels outside. #Sandy

Rare to see High Wind Watch  Lakeshore Flood Warning due to a hurricane, in Chicago

we ain't got nothing to go bad lol and barely got canned food. I fuck around go to someone else crib and wait sandy out Ctfu

I should just get white girl wasted for this hurricane.

Hurricane Sandy threatens havoc on U.S. East Coast  via LLoyds of London batten down the hatches as claims loom

Why is this Sandy such a big deal? Isn't it just a cat 1?

Aight hurricane drinking game:  drink till it passes us starting now.

Good luck to any if you in the area of the hurricane, stay safe! #Sandy

This hurricane is really compromising our tour vibe.

NYC has been my 2nd home latelyHurricane Sandy is freaking me outI'm worried about everyone up there.

lmao Sebastian there is a hurricane I'm not driving

I hope yaw ready for Sandy. They say she is ratchet.

Kendrick Lamar's album just might be my Hurricane Sandy playlist along with The Weeknd

We are closed to the public on Mondays anyway, but the Garden will be CLOSED all day tomorrow due to hurricane

put your head between your knees  kiss your arse goodbye. Not because of Hurricane Sandy but because is driving

Even if #Sandy turns out to be a sun-shower - govt preparedness/response cannot afford an avoidable disaster. Esp in an election year.

Blizzard and hurricane warnings in the state of Maryland. Crazy right? #Frakenstorm

hurricane sandy would intercept it and run it back for a touchdown

so how bad will Thorold be hit by Sandy? #weatherman14

to bring my bike in or not to bring my bike inhate that this hurricane #willbringitin

Thank you sandy bitchhh df you mean thank you sandy are bitch asses are gonna die and you wanna come here and ty sandy we have no school smh

people are still going to 'chill' during the hurricane? have fun being blown away by the storm.

Sandy is going to blow everything and everyone at the jersey shore.. Just like snooki did

If I ordered some stuff online today, what are the chances of of arriving on time, #sandy is gonna cock block my happi

Sandy Prep List: Laundry, done. Dishes, done. A/Cs removed from windows, done. House cleaned, done. Pantry full,

Hope all are safe from hurricane sandy in the states

Happy Birthday Hope you're having a great (hurricane-free) day!

Candles out, wine bought, gas tank filled  hunter boots ready to be worn - bring it sandy

When hurricane sandy hit, Me  my sissy are going to be sitting on the porch watching the storm

ooh god i can only imagine on school days. are you going to have to work like tomorrow and tuesday like during the hurricane?

best way to make it through a hurricane is a hurricane partay!! Be safe!!

skip classes bc ur from #eastcoast and should receive the benefits from #sandy but none of the emotional shit #stormswithbenfits

Pizza, Hocus-pocus is on, early night - suck it #sandy! #prepared

please pay for those of us in Newark trying to fly home before the storm! #Sandy thanks!!

idk . Maybe its cause a HURRICANE IS COMING .. Or not . Im no weather woman .

#ZoneA includes: City Island, a small patch of Throgs Neck, and another patch of the South Bronx in the Bronx #Sandy #NYC

How did I end up following hurricane sandy?

foreeeaaal -_- like i can admit its a bit scary cuz its a hurricane but its gonna be over in like 2 days  its not that serious

I wish I was over a friends house during this hurricane weather.

ok, now everyones sandy talk is scaring me

Wintry weather expected to impact southeastern Ky: Sandy is getting ready to join forces with some majorly cold

Hurricane Sandy threatens East Coast: Pelting rains, whipping winds, mass evacuations: There is no doubt  #toledo

Hatches battened, supplies  procured - time to hunker down. #Sandy

I honestly don't think a hurricane is going to hit ithaca #sorryguys

I'm so absolutely sick of hearing about this hurricane. Thank god for my Sabrina the Teenage Witch DVDs.

Hurricane Sandy disrupts campaigns  via

Follow the latest information on Hurricane Sandy from the National Hurricane Center.

Everything ready for my Downton Abbey marathon during #Sandy

No i will not come to your house. Theres a hurricane coming. I want to live

Hurricane Sandy is hitting where I live hard and the storm is starting soon so I will not be on for a while be safe everyone 3

Hurricane Sandy disrupts campaigns: The massive hurricane barreling toward the East Coast has  Cray Tweets Update

Tomorrow: #UN headquarters will be closed on Monday due to Hurricane #Sandy. More info here:  via

Hurricane #Sandy: millions brace for impact  via

Prayers for the East Coast #sandy  A personal plea from Gary of the National Weather Service

Classicists? What's the best citable edition of Seneca's Epistulae morales? Oh yeah,  #Sandy. #Sandy is coming. This tweet is about #Sandy.

I think this hurricane is going to make me the first person to use the Radio feature on their iPod.

I wish hurricane Sandy would come here so we could have school off

Sandy is making people act crazy

Lol they actually made a Twitter for Hurricane Sandy

I wish hurricane sandy would just hurry , I have plans .

#simpletip #sandy prep I dont expect any problems up here but just in case: Have oil lamp on table  boiling some water.always have bottle

Lemme get these blacks before sandy get here !

Sandy must have on a strap on because the region is bracing for her.

I mean who wouldn't want some mushrooms during a hurricane?..

I've been in the Caribbean for a hurricane that shit was cray

But Idk bout no hurricane. This should be interesting to see what happens

It should have been , Hurricane Trey (:

This hurricane is just a sign telling me to go to the u #miami #canes

Me and talia are laughing about these hurricane tweets but watch it come and fuck us both up#hurtin

Damm We're starting to get the Tropical Storm from Hurricane Sandy!!! I fear it's probably gonna get worse, since she's still so far away ):

In case you're wondering, Kanye is seated in biz class and not first on my flight. Apparently hurricane evacuation lev

Parts of VA are evacuating damn you hurricane sandy

Soon it starts raining everyone going to be like cuddling weather like NO hun this is hurricane weather ! There's

LUCKY. We are having a hurricane tonight  no school for 2 days here in CT!

Another photo from Solomon's Island. #Sandy #mdweather

Come on EMU let's be fearful of Sandy. Cancel classes!

I mean, 'Grease 2' is available butcome on. #Sandy #whyayayohwhy

When I was very young I was called Sandy. Absolutely no parallels should be draw between me and this other Sandy in the news lately.

fuck u oh ya know were just about to get a hurricane nbd

QUOTE OF THE STORM WEEK --  My wife's name is Sandy, so this whole storm thing has been awkward for us.

All my electronics have been plugged in all day and they're all fully charged but i'm keeping them in because of sandy'

good luck, fingers crossed for you and everyone in Sandy's path!

No school tomorrow because of the hurricane , but Little Things is coming out so it's all good

The hurricane sandy tweets re annoying af

glove please try not to die in the hurricane, my cheesecake is hanging in the balance.

Am I the only one who wants to watch Grease now with all this talk of Sandy? #hurricane

Crap! My city is doing a voluntary evacuation for #Sandy for low-lying,  flood-prone areas.

Hurricane Sandy already had a twitter page (-_-) im done! lol

sandy is hopelessly devoted to destroying new jersey #hurricanepuns #greasepuns #judgeme

Hurricane Sandy + No School .. Ill Drink To That ! Imma Drink To Anything Tonight!

Hanover FD took me up via ladder to chk out their newly cleaned roof for #Sandy. They urge all of #upval to do same htt

#sandy people in these stores act like they've never been shopping before.  food shopping is not THAT complicated..

Good luck..looks like its gonna be a direct hit on our Jersey Coast so we'll be bunkering down #Sandy

It's not about the hurricane intensity. It's about the massive storm surge and the collision with a huge cold front.

These guys on the Weather Channel are creaming themselves right now over this hurricane #joygasm #sandy #jizzedinmypants

S/o MOM DUKES F4 HAVIG ME WLK TO THE STORE W/ SANDY ON HER WAY :/

Hurricane Sandy isn't fucking around.

should i liveblog hurricane sandy.

Got my high powered flashlight and lots of snacks. Ready for #Sandy. Hopefully no trees fall down on anyone's houses

Stocked up on Subway sandwiches, chips, and ginger ale for hurricane Sandy tomorrow. #ComeAtMeBro!

Hurricane Sandy is near Atlantic City .

haha, my fault just as much as theirs! Be right. COME AT ME HURRICANE SANDY #gettingpissed

THIS! --- Someone should have told Obama #Benghazi was a hurricane and he might have canceled his Vega$ tri

#USA most powerful nation on earth brought to its knees byMother Nature #hurricane #Sandy Not even Leader of free world can control weather!

MT Due to Hurricane Sandy, HCC's campus closed Monday Oct. 29. All classes  activities cancelled.

Perfect Storm Sandy Shuts Down NYSE: Floor Trading Suspended Beginning Monday

I don't care if a man got a wife, if he sexy and he tryna fuck me lets go! Call me hurricane katrina i'll wreck ya ho

Oh GawdPlease everyone on the U.S. East coast stay safe..sounds awful..will be thinking of you all #Sandy

No storm in known history has hooked west in oct-nov as #sandy is predicted to. So either we will see a once in a lifetime event or big bust

Horrible weather as drives south thru #WV mtns away from #Sandy. Prayers pl Va

Everybody better have a fucking hurricane buddy.

Where the homeless go during the hurricane??..i hope they dnt just try to be out there thuggin..

-Hurricane Sandy Gon' Take Them Stinky Shoes Of Porches  . Thats Bout It Tho.

Hey Jack how's the weather in Atlanta?  Any signs of the hurricane?

Now that's a good plan. Send that hurricane to Tulsa.

Am I the only one that imagines these hurricane sandy twitter accounts as fat black ladies?

I mean why would you wanna go to bliss? Ya gonna practically have sex with clothes on while a hurricane is happening?It's not worth it mane

Park is totally deserted Getting ready for Sandy or what?

The thing I'm most pissed about: quizzo will probably be canceled tomorrow. #Sandy

I bought an apple pie and a thing of whipped cream. Completely prepared for #Sandy Who needs a flashlight anyway?

#Newton public schools closed on Monday, Oct. 29. Local Hurricane Sandy coverage.

Why don't they use HAARP To stop Sandy? cinical humor!!!

Hurricane sandy is a comin!! Hope you rented your movies, charged your devices, and bought your generators#beast

I think I mess with #Sandy too much by calling her bitch, slut, so now she decide to freeze my game channel, bad #Sandy.

remember to include #condoms in your preparations for #sandy, otherwise you might have to deal with hurricane #baby

prayers over my family out there though. and everybody who might come in contact with this bitch ass Sandy.

With #Sandy 's big rain coming, several #FallsChurch neighbors put piles of leaves in streets = impede runoff flow. #whatweretheythinking

Let me run to the store before Sandy try and show her ass

My parent's idea of stocking up for a hurricane is buying 50 bags of Doritos.

Why can't it be hurricane Sandy here? I want an excuse to stay home and eat snacks/drink too much.

Pope launches appeal for victims of Hurricane Sandy on Independent Catholic News

Who names a fucking hurricane sandy#imdone

Every hurricane should be named KYLE

prayers go up to my family in new york #besafe from the bitch named #SANDY

haha Shannel asked if i wanted to go to Harris Teeter with her, don't she know the rapture is coming? Niggas is chillin. #sandy

#NASA_Earth_Observat Overnight View of Hurricane Sandy: Special sensors on the Suomi NPP satellite captured this

Overnight View of Hurricane Sandy: Special sensors on the Suomi NPP satellite captured this view of the storm an

who needs a grocery store when you can stock up on non-parishables in the cafeteria #baystatesolutions #sandy

#prayforus Everyone on the east coast about to be hit by Hurrincan Sandy !

RT is this storm even a hurricane yet? smh I swear the DMV be getting dramatic with these storms

you're invincible. Put on your hockey equipment! Gotta fight of that girl sandy.

as hurricane secured as we're gonna be. And I hope turtle has a bad feeling considering he's a giants fan

nice hurricane we're having here ..

so sassy. This hurricane weather gotcha crabby girl.

if this hurricane fucks up the bank heavy

better not rain on halloween :( stupid huricane sandy ruining everything #StupidRain

Hi Lindsay, Reservations extremely busy due to St. John's airport closure and Hurc Sandy Is there a question we can help with

Room 405's hurricane prevention strategy #bringonthestorm

Hurricane Sandy bring all the rain and wind you want just please don't let us loose power PLEASE.

im dealing with a whole nother hurricane.

School please get cancled because of this hurricane.

My dads drinking moonshine in his underwear watching the history channel and his excuse was the hurricane

Mann . iwant to watch it but thiss hurricane and ppv ? -_____- 3

The Sandy jokes are so old already.. please just stop

Hey y'all lets pray for the Hood cuz lord knows they finna need some healing after sandy

Here are my recent comments on Hurricane Sandy:  With the Sun in water-sign Scorpio in a tug of war with the Moon

I can't wait for #Sandy to finally get here.  I'm really ready to do some looting. #Frankenstorm #FreeStuff #LockedDoorStopsHonestPeople

Sandy is a conspiracy. How about that? Im jogging in this one.

All flights cancelled tomorrow. Guess I'm stranded in New York - Silly #Sandy

how crazy is DC right now? #sandy

All the birds are gone and the dogs ain't shitten! It might really do be a hurricane

This hurricane sandy thing is startin to scare me sorta :x

reporting Hurricane #Sandy reaching 300 miles from its center, making it 600 miles wide

Hope everyone is prepared for #Hurricane #Sandy ! Stay safe! We're prepared for the worst so if you're a guest here,you'll be in good hands!

Photo: thisistheverge: NASA satellite captures stunning image of Hurricane Sandy ahead of US landfall

Newton cancels school Monday, delays trash pickup as Hurricane Sandy nears. -

#Hurricane Sandy threatens events on Long Island for the upcoming week  via #prayers

Hope hurricane gives us enough rain to cancel school :D

Rain begins in NW Washington DC, with fitful winds. #Sandy

you know its comingthe hurricane sandy references in people rhymes.jeez

I'm about to drive in for the hurricane sounds like some fun

Shuddered in - house is ready to go for hurricane #sandy w

I think we're ready for this hurricane

are you  dani on the east coast?! Stay safe while #sandy comes!

Jessie and the Ross family better keep safe with all this hurricane talk!

Hurricane Sandy on her way. Is it cuddling weather yet?

This is the longest list of school closings I think I have ever seen:  #sandy #whoa

I aint worried bout sandy she aint that bad

If goes out while Sandy is here that nigga has a problem. Lmao

Wait when is the hurricane coming to New England? Why is school canceled? Not that I'm against it.

oh thanks dad. have fun while I get blown away from this hurricane

So it looks #Sandy is gonna hit somewhere around Asbury Park.

just about to get hit by a hurricane tomorrow and Tuesday - should be ok

Flying out of Boston before Sandy hits. Pilot is Captain Morgan. No joke. #thanksvirginamerica

But then again it wouldn't be funny if a lot of people died from Hurricane Sandy and I'm sitting here rollin' from these tweets :/

i wonder how much damage this hurricane bouta do

Oblivious med student finally realized #sandy is making it cold, rainy, and crappy.  Should have stocked up on TP and food before holing up

HOW am I supposed to survive the hurricane without chips?! #sandy

Hurricane Sandy Is Heading Toward The Northeast USA. Stay Safe Everyone!  :: web-designs.gr

my grandmother's name is sandy should i call her and tell her that this storm shit ain't funny anymore

Family outing to Olive Garden before #Sandy hits! #whenyourhereyourfamily

Making smore cupcake. Take that sandy.

yeah but everybody left early since the hurricane

Pretty sure every weatherman I've seen covering Hurricane Sandy has had a raging boner while explaining the details of this storm.. #Sandy

Let's keep in prayer all the families who will be affected by hurricane Sandy! Don't know much about it but will be pray

Breakin out the bad boy tonight .. #sunday #funday #hurricanes #in #the #hurricane#yolomyniggayolo

All thats left at the grocery store is make up  cat litter. Typical Sandy

Thanks hurricane sandy , I greatly appreciate it.

Ct is in a state of emergency? Oh shit #sandy is gonna fuck up my week

I still love him,but im gonna die sooni really hope i dontstupid hurricane

Jones is acting like the hurricane is nothing??????????????

- Sandy Coming For All Her Dirty Dans ! Lol

Preparing for the hurricane. Ooof. Wish us luck up here!

Forget about this hurricane me and are going to dance all of our worries away

10 Things On TV During Hurricane Sandy Coverage via

Cloudy sky post-sandy International Airport (ILM)

A guy dressed as Moses was walking down 48th between 9th  10th. I think he's here to part the flood waters in Hell's Kitchen #NYC. #sandy

North Bergen will be opening two shelters to house residents displaced by Hurricane Sandy tomorrow at 9:00am --

I hate people who bitch about shit like the hurricane deadass who gives a fuck

I went to a Halloween party in Brooklyn and fell down some steps, oh because of hurricane sandy xo

Wind gusts up to 51 mph Perch in Seaside Park 24 hrs before the arrival of #Sandy hurricane winds to come

Lol sandy is about to fuck shit up. Ohhhh lawwwddd

On Today's Gallup poll: Romney 51%, Obama 46% #Sandy (sorry but twitter wouldn't let it go thru w/o the word sandy..)

Poor America gets so fucked over when it comes to natural disasters. Hurricane Sandy is hugee

Stay safe moving around. Watch out for Hurricane Sandy. :)

Apparently I'm in the Red Zone in Manhattan for Hurricane #Sandy - reminds me of last year's Hurricane Irene Let's see Stay safe!

Hoping all my new york friends stay safe, hurricane sandy sounds like one angry bastard!

I have off Monday and probably Tuesday bc of this hurricane omg

According to my mom, not only are we gonna hve a hurricane But she thinks we're in for a surprise tsunami #goodlogic #liketoseeththappen

This Hurricane Sandy twitter page is probably one of the most annoying fucking things ever

G+: Hurricane Sandy: 10 statistics that place this powerful storm in perspective

SFS - New York Stock Exchange suspends physical floor trading due to Hurricane Sandy: TORONTO - Hurricane Sandy

#Entrepreneur The Apple Store Prepares For Hurricane Sandy: Jonathan Wald, producer of the Piers Morgan s  #money

Ok, as soon as we land, we can have a hurricane but please hold off til about 1 am okay thanks you're the best

No hurricane 4 us since itz goin out 2 the sea

oh! I got that for you! I'm on a plane tho I can send when I get back if the hurricane don't destroy my crib

The fact that we have no school tomorrow. Thank you hurricane sandy(:

, them hurricane sandy tweets are funny

Sandy disrupts plane, train service from Northeast - Orlando Sentinel

UI has 290 line workers, 200 tree guys on ground tonight, have request for 600 more. #sandy

Come on ferrum after this weekend I need to sleep for a week straight. #closeschool #nevergonnahappen #sandy #fcp

RT President Obama signs Massachusetts emergency declaration for Hurricane #Sandy  getting in early to look presidential.

lol like did you watch the news at all it's Sandy.

I sit and wonder why-yi-yi-yi-yi-yi oh why, you left me. Oh Sandy

I shouldn't be killing my phone battery on Twitter before #sandy but hey, what else would I do on long car ride?

New York Stock Exchange closes its trading floor tomorrow for the first time since hurricane Gloria in 1985. #Sandy

Be safe everyone on the east coast! Hope #sandy is gentle.

the Valley Inn IS indoors. And the hurricane will be over by then. #cyathere

Urethra Franklin  it's drunk bro safari question time! If you could name the hurricane, what

Amazing picture from Ocean Grove, New Jersey. Check these mofo waves! #Sandy #FrankenStorm   Wow

Tomorrow's 10/29 Public Relations event has been cancelled #Sandy #Boston

kids dont care dat its goin be a hurricane all dey heard was (NO SCHOOL)

All borded up and ready for Sandy! #DowntownGalwayHooker

Hurricane not letting rob tweet crying emojis?

Fuck you Sandy for giving us all this rain and wind chill! #hurricaneproblems

Sandy is such a whore shes gonna blow the whole east coast, shes doin it live

I can't to see all the pics of the hurricane tm ! :l

Amazing how little you can get in a tin that you'd want to eat cold. #Sandy

Time going so slow ,,im trying get thru this  hurricane shit . . . :/

i guess i'll just twerk for sandy by myself

Omg this hurricane news is scaring me it's literally killing people as of now. I didn't know this hurricane was the biggest the U.S ever had

I know I better be seeing oomf, hurricane or not lol

During this hurricane ill just put my headphones in and forget about life for a while.

But in regards to the Hurricane, I don't give a finnuck

Guys come to my house and let's play games and eat and survive the hurricane

Hey Prince Edward there's a hurricane right around the corner, you might wanna cancel school. Just Saying.

everyone that lives in NYC NJ stay stafe during the hurricane

Come on now hurricane Sandy, be nice now ya hear. Don't be too sandy now.

the hurricane suposed tp come upp here ..

Omg the Hurricane is coming I wish I had a boyfriend to protect me! #Basictweet

No Starbucks all day Monday?? How NYC will recover from the hurricane disaster??

Damn this bitch Sandy ain't playing.

To my friends in NYC/NJ - here's map tracking potential storm surge flooding from #sandy.

Yo tomorrow was the doritos taco give away day, who's gonna go get a taco in the middle of a hurricane? Taco bell knew all along!!!!

I HATE THIS STUPID HURRICANE RN IM SO SCARED ITS GONNA RUIN HALLOWEEN FOR THE SECOND DAY IN A ROW

BGE readies 3000 workers as Hurricane Sandy approaches Maryland: Hurricane Sandy is expected to hit Maryland on

Pumpkins outside taunting Sandy! Bring it lol, son's first pumpkin carving experience

Dear, lord please flood my school with water, let there be no school for another week, let sandy do her thing and fuck shit up, amen.

Lmao!!!!   Hurricane Sandy can come blow on DEEZ.

home just in time for a 2-day hurricane #trappedInside

#Sandy - another skirt for Obama to hide behind!

Where The FUCK IS Sandy She Late AF

Someone come over for a hurricane partyyyy

Just tappin' into the hurricane food supply with #oldschool

Yea sandy isnt scary we should totes have classes tomorrow #insertsarcasmhere

Is Toronto getting hit with Sandy as well? If so when?

Sending you support from Leeds, UK during the hurricane guys!. Show that bastard who's boss!.

Looks like Sandy already passed through my room.. Using my day off to clean.

Why is senior writer for ESPN commenting on CNN abt #Sandy impact on voting? Out of pundits??

RT:  MTA ALERT -- 30 MINUTE WARNING FOR FULL SUBWAY SYSTEM SHUTDOWN IN #NYC.  #Sandy #COwx

Got everything I need for hurricane #Sandy but I'm SUPER scared!

Why this bitch sandy couldn't come Friday?

THANKS TO SANDY I CAN'T EVEN GET DA EXTERMINATOR..SMH..FUCK!!

how convenient to concocted Sandy to prevent early voting it is a rain storm

Why are hurricane names always old lady names?

HURRICANE SANDY FORCES CHANGES TO ALL FOUR NJAC FALL CHAMPIONSHIP TOURNAMENT BRACKETS

Im kinda scared of this sandy bull

Grading exams while I wait for the apocalypse. #sandy

hurricane doesnt really hit til tues #shitgonnahitthefan

I tell you that darn Sandy something else smh

#LT well I wouldn't take a shit then or ur fucked nd stuck wit a smelly ass bathroom if ur plumbing is down during Sandy !!

You can't boink a hurricane.  But you can-- I can-- I can shut up.

Eastern US braces for dangerous superstorm: Forecasters say Hurricane Sandy is about 530 miles south  #jerseycity

if I drown in hurricane sandy will you write a freestyle biography about me and send it to news stations all over

RT Shoutout to all my east coast followers please stay safe from #sandy! Looks like its gonna get pretty bad over there!

I remember hurricane evacuations in Belizethey were terrifying. My mom fainted once in the middle of the evacuationchaos

I don't think I've even been so excited for severe weather #collegeproblems #sandy

High surge treat Hurricane Sandy winds power outages floods structure damage travel  communications disruption use caution in evacuations!

Even though the hurricane kept me from making it to Philly Im still out here in ATL Reppin  Ha

Ive checked twitter so many times today just because these hurricane sandy tweets are so damn funny

Tell Sandy I have a deadline.

So apparently hurricane Sandy is going to hit Ontario hard. What a cunt.

hope u r safe  out of Sandy's path.

Really, really need someone to put the methed out guy on NY1 just now on YouTube. Of course he's not evacuating, what a legend. #hurricane

Allergies gonna kill me even with a hurricane!

People more worried bout a football game then the fuckin hurricane !!

why would you follow hurricane sandy when you know you're gonna have to unfollow after a few days #ShitPeopleDo

Evacuation at New York due to a hurricane. I hope it doesn't hit my relatives in DC

Kinda wish I was in Maryland with to experience the hurricane #rainrainrain

This bitch Sandy is fucking with my money.  I can't have that.

Stuck inside because of a hurricane, and there's a leftover Chipotle burrito in the fridge.  Coincidence?

hopefully we won't be cleaning up after Sandy so many years later like we are w/ katrina

Ard im tired of hearin bout the hurricane , I dont wanna think about it -.-

Apparently size does matterhearing Sandy might be the largest storm to hit the US in recorded history. (Though not the strongest)

Subway  trains shutdown, highways shutdown, schools closed, Coastal areas evacuated. But the hospital is always open. Off 2 work4me. #Sandy

My mom made chili, cornbread, a pie , and some danish thing,dis bitch sandy needs to come by more often

I wish sandy can go down to Dallas sweep the fucking cowboys  their fans.

people say the hurricane is going to be crazy !

thought someone was committing a double homicide next doornope just found out classes were cancelled #sandy

Make sure to check out the Concord Journal's Facebook page for updates throughout Hurricane Sandy

Miami-Dade Fire Rescue Members to Join FEMA for Hurricane Sandy Preparation - NBC 6 Miami: Miami-Dade Fire Rescu

why can't sandy go back to sponge bob

This is how I prepare for the hurricane. #kfc Fried Chicken

Hurricane Sandy, earthquake in Cali and tsunami in Hawaii. WE ALL GONNA DIE!

#Sandy would definitely be #fortheboys if she got school cancelled tomorrow

I went out in hurricane sandy to get a coke for my sis and she hasn't even popped the top. #ungrateful

Sandy rollin' the whole east coast .

Well looks like Sandy is gonna fuck some shit up smh

why does make us wait so long? The governor has already requested/recommended that colleges close. Get it over with. #Sandy

So all the buildings on my street put the week's trash out on the curb. Something tells me Sandy will be picking that up, not the city.

maybe they could rename this hurricane karma.

thats close yeah!! Omg, i hate sandy!!!

I wanna see how sandy going really work

NYC and my 'loft on broome' - please stay safe! #sandy

To all of my fellow #eastcoasters in the path of hurricane sandy please stay safe

Why tryna chill ? Idgaf if a hurricane is coming or not lol.

UN HDQTS BLOW OUT OF NYC: FROM YOUR LIPS TO GOD'S EARS!! GO SANDY GO!!!

, Sandy can stay all week i dont want school ;)

Tonight a million people are under evacuation orders. Are you being affected by #Sandy's wrath? Did you have to evacuate or relocate?

Now we gotta wait till tomorrow for this hurricane #fuckyousandy

Hurricane Sandy needs to make a detour and head towards Mark Clattenberg, Andre Marriner and Luis Suarez

im in the middle of a hurricane :) bs wallah Elma b6l 33

Tf Comcast Called my House ' talkingg Bout I Hope Your Aware That Hurricane Sandy Is On Her Way ' i Hung tf Up .. #WifeyyTWEETINGGG

Expect delays and significant cancellations tomorrow as Hurricane Sandy approaches the US coast.  Check flight statu

Only a hurricane could get in the way of my first visit to

#Sandy movie list!R I know you I walked with you once upon a dream I know you the gleam in your eyes is so familiar #SleepingBeauty

One of the most memorable, and exciting experiences I've ever lived thru. Hands down, top adrenaline rush. #doomsdaycrew style. #sandy

In a move of solidarity I'm gonna request tomorrow off to show the east coast I care. #westcoast #sandy

Only good thing about incoming hurricane, puts watching my team disintegrate in perspective. #giantskillinme

soo you're gonna come drunken rescue my boat and then hang out with me while sandy passes?

either Sandy will be more serious or less intense than we think, always opposite in New England. like a chair will tip over or something

The Red Cross has a really good Hurricane App that's free. It has a flashlight, strobe, and alarm should things get dodgy.

DUE TO THIS HURRICANE SANDY.. The #FBOTnationEP will debut TONIGHT AT 8pm!

*peeks around corner* sandy here yet???

If we lose to Dallas the hurricane can take me away

S/o to my nigga Sandy saving the day

Praying that the people that are going through Hurricane Sandy are well!

Every hurricane supermarkets sell out companies come up and nothing happens y'all know if it does it get serious imma steal y'all shxt?

Imagine the one guy who cheated on a girl named Sandy and he's freaking out because this all means she has possession of a weather dominator

Best Hurricane prep is to insure you have LOTS of liquor on hand!

This will protect us from you  Sandy!!

shiiiittt. it already feels like there's a constant hurricane rippin through kent

Yooo ctfu my mom said im coming too sleep in ya room i said y she said the hurricane coming the news said stay in the middle room ctfu

Niggas would still be on a line during a hurricane for Jordans?

Hurricane?? We'll let the asians go out in it#chinesefood

When McDonald's closes you know it's about to get real. #sandy

Social media helps out as Hurricane Sandy approaches   #USNews

Nyla scary ass think somebody afraid of the damn hurricane !

If I wake up tomorrow and there is still an east coast I will consider this Hurricane Sandy  a failure.

#Sandy baby, did we piss you off?

I'm outside  its not even real out here fuck #sandy

Ayeeeee,i been planning on doing this and in a hurricane

All this talk about #Sandy has me wanting to watch Grease.  Hurricane, musical, whatevs. #musicaltheatregeek

VoiceMail open mic storytelling cancelled for Monday thanks to Sandy

Hurricane Sandy marches north toward Mid-Atlantic coast - Washington Post:  Sandy

latest Mt Holly briefing on Hurricane Sandy issued at 6pm

I just hope this power stay on during this Hurricane!

I think this storm is gonna miss Harrisonburg. Fuck you #Sandy

Sandy bout to be in btown real soon.

Maybe if yells loud enough Sandy will go away. :).

THEY ARE CLOSING STARBUCKS LOCATIONS GUYS THIS IS SERIOUS. #Sandy #fb

In 1992, Bill Clinton scored points in Florida by making a very empathetic visit just after Hurricane Andrew; George H.W. Bush also went

we're gonna have Budweiser mild  tangy wings with homemade waffles fries,  im making drinks!  yep im far from Sandy

These sandy parody accounts are getting out of hand

Sandy is coming  we don't have school! We all know. #tired

Seeing as I no longer have anyway to get to work, it looks like I get a hurricane day after all. :)

hope all my RI people stay safe and in good health as Sandy comes thru

I hope school's going to close tmrw Where sandy at?

Cant wait till sandy comes. so i can play in the wind!

From the Gulf Coast to the East Coast: Prayers for your safety through #Sandy #GulfCoastLove

#Sandy will not keep this kid from grilling tonight.

hurricane season, the only time it's not frowned upon to be a couch potato

MNR has started to shut down service today, Sun. Oct 28 in advance of Hurricane Sandy. See full details at

Have republicans blamed the liberal media for Sandy yet?

ditched the hurricane. drove 11 hours. car overheated. adventure has a way of finding me no matter where i go.

dang no doubt! Are we blaming this on Sandy?

This hurricane better hit hard I did not just carry in 8 heavy  iron chairs for no flippin reason

columbia and upenn early decision deadlines postponed a week #sandy

THE North is getting a little of what we get every year. Wait till there Hurricane Premiums catch up with them. OMG GOOD LUCK !

Remember hurricane Irene Lmfao I remember seeing this live

This bitch Sandy trynna fuck up my leather loafers? Oh hell no.

Finally  just got notice that my office is CLOSED for tomorrow. Thanks, Sandy!

Day 1 of personal bootcamp complete #Sandy can't stop this #actrightlookright

Would like to know more about this snow Sandy coming wid.

thanks sandy but what to do tomarow? #think

so sandy is comingbabyI do mean babyare 'we' ready!!!not a questionwe are=show me in person

Who needs real friends when you have sandy to push you on the swing set

Leadership: #Romney Uses Campaign Bus to Deliver Hurricane Relief  via

Air France to cancel all flights to northeast cities tomorrow Mon Oct 29 #sandy #IAD #MWAA #vawx

Love the good wishes from London  Dublin. #Sandy #Brooklyn #SE22 #SE15 #D6

Mayor Nutter Orders City Government Shutdown, Warns Residents To Be Ready For Sandy: As Hurricane Sandy approaches,

Sandy Need To Come Thru Real Quick I Don't Wanna Sit In The House Wit These Niggas They Aggy For No Reason

My hurricane survival kit consists of kit-kats and twix. And that's it

Hurricane Sandy on the East Coast,  earthquake in BC, tsunamis in alaska and Hawaii. Party.

This Damn hurricane sandy page has me weak af lol

Hurricane #sandy just hit the Carolinas good luck everybody GOD bless

#Sandy where are you? I'm ready for you!

WHO WANNA DO A DISS TRACK TO HURRICANE SANDY

cheers to my main bitch sandy! #hollaback !

Rain all day, ground saturated. Pools of water forming and Sandy is still hours out. Going to be a lot of flooding here.

I know I know. Are you in Harrisburg? I'm coming back for sandy! Lol

gettin a lil nervous about this hurricane #Sandy

these hurricane accounts are making us forget that this is a HURRICANE and it's killed people and its dangerous

Am I the only person excited about hurricane Sandy??

Bring it on, Sandy. I'll sit in my car with my laptop if power goes out. Won't stop writing code!

Hurricane Sandy looms, public transit shuts down, shelters open.

naw hurricane Patrick's gonna come after

I can't even go trick or treating because of this hurricane sandy watch! F UUUUUUU

I swear this hurricane better come in clutch because there was other shit i had to do instead of being home all night

Sucks i have a fever but plus no school tomorrow #sandy

Lol she said the government better give her money if she loses her Jordans in this hurricane.

Hoping my family in New Jersey is fully prepared for the hurricane #scary

DC is dreadful! I'm scared about this hurricane :(

Enjoy the coverage of this storm while you can because Romney will close down FEMA and NOAA if elected. #Sandy

Now that Hurricane Sandy page tryna give advice FOH!

Friends in Sandy's path, can't stress this enough.. With Sandy coming, please make sure you post lots of foggy pictures of rain on Facebook

The weed man didn't know a hurricane was comin this nigga sittin on the bench like why it's so windy? Lmfao I cant

Hurricane Sandy is trying to appear but she will disappear before the massive watch I promise prayed to God about it

Must. Turn. Off. Weather Channel. #frankenstorm #sandy #hurricane #hurricaneprep

Because of my obsession with bad weather and storms I am excited to see what hurricane Sandy will bring

I am not sure if I should be excited or scared for #Frankenstorm?!?  #Sandy

IM PEEING MY PANTS AT THESE HURRICANE SANDY TWEETS

they got you pegged: What hurricane preparedness looks like in New York City.  via

if i dont get a phone call im sending sandy to your ass haha

I get my phone back bc of Sandy lol.

Sad thing is: if Ihad stayed in VA, I'd be safer from the storm. This is the 2nd time I moved INTO a hurricane.

I would be thoroughly Indebted to Hurricane Sandy of she destroys my school.

Sandy's a stupid name for a hurricane. Helga. Now that's a proper hurricane name.

Photo: Great image of #Sandy approaching Cape Hatteras

Exactly. #Sandy sounds like a nice middle aged lady who runs a knitting club at the village hall. Where's Hurricane Cunt?

#Sandy batch cooking/prep thus far: pumpkin risotto, bourbon sours  margaritas. Next up: pumpkin cassoulet, ribollita, beer bread. You?

Amtrak, Megabus, and Other Delays + Cancelations Due to Sandy

Thanks sandy for getting me out of school #noschool #notthesquirrell

I love hurricane slumber parties

School in the morning Feels like ma first day of school; the few days off because of the hurricane did a lot

someone smoke a blunt with me in case we die after sandy

Sandy is really badshe was hundreds of miles away from us, and we were getting 40 mph winds

nothing laying in the bed awaiting the arrival of sandy !!!!

I pray that Sandy passes over PA with minimum damages and that my family and friends remain safe.

Insert stereotypical tweet about the hurricane, no school, and people complaining about people complaining about the hurricane.

I hope my baby boo  is okay over there I know Hurricane Sandy is passing through there

Sandy is gonna make the streets all Sandy lol #punny

Can Hurricane Sandy scary the crap out of my Administration and have them close my school until Graduation.

Since my house doesn't have a generator, and the psych hospital my parents work at does, can I admit myself until Sandy passes? #desperate

im using this hurricane as an excuse to be fat and eat everything lbr

we don't got school lol they scared of sandy lol

NO METRO SERVICE ON MONDAY. MetroRail, MetroBus,  MetroAccess suspended all day Monday. #Sandy

Seems like nobody wanna be stuck w. me during the hurricane .

Wait a minute, there's gonna be a hurricane?????

Even the Hurricane does NOT stop the food trucks at Roche Bros WRox from loading in tonite. Considering the store was wiped out of product

Hey Loves! We are closed tomorrow due to Sandy.  xx

I hope my fam in NY is alright after the hurricane :/

hope #Sandy causes no damages. my prayers are with those being affected #GoAwaySandy

#Sandy Safety Tip #10: If you need to reach us, the main switchboard is 212-241-6500, the ER is 212-241-6639 and Admi

I told you all chaos was coming to NYC.  She brought an f'ing hurricane people. #donna

The FCC will be closed Monday due to Hurricane Sandy, but the 24-hour ops center will remain open to help stations with emergency requests.

When work is cancelled for Hurricane Sandy

I'll bet Sandy doesn't exist. Wal-mart pays the weathermen to hype it up so they sell loads of bottled water and canned foods.

My mom taking this hurricane as a fucking joke. Like im the only one in this house whos actually scared -_-

We bout to go out to eat Sandy can't stop a young king!

Forget #sandy this game might kill me #cowboys #giants #nailbiter

Prayers for all of you in Sandy's path. Praying it will not live up to all they hype. That the storms coming in from the west will blow

Next NHC #Sandy advisory should come out at 8:00 PM.

CNN Bans Term 'Frankenstorm', But It's A Good Metaphor For Warming-Driven Monster: 'Largest  #hurricane #environment

It's dark and stormy here in #GrotonMA and by that I mean its time for rum and ginger beer with a squeeze of lime. #Sandy

Kind thoughts, wishes  safety to all those in Sandy territory. Some great Jenni Sparks illustrations to cheer y'all

Cancel our classes or sandy will kick our asses!!! (Credit to

#Oomf Mad About Hurricane Sandy Boyyy Lol .

See you through the other side of the hurricane - if I end up in some sort of time vortex then it's been fun.

After all my shopping 4 #Sandy all I've eaten 2day is #doritos.

Before Sandy come  my power go out.

Hurricane Sandy satellite images- simply frightening.

Raucus bar patrons mirthfully cheering on the Giants in one last moment of joy before Sandy kills us all. #livetweetingtheEND

whaaa ? fuck you sandy they canceled Halloween #pissed.

My flight tmrw has been cancelled.. My brother is suppose to land at 11. Lets hope they dont close the bridges Good luck #Sandy

Off for the night! Stay safe if you're on the East Coast like me! Hurricane Sandy is comin' for youuuu

Hey uhhhh I gotta bitch named sandy and she about to blow me .. #HURRICANE

I just might stand in the middle of the hurricane tonight.

When has anybody heard of new York being hit by a hurricane?! Flights diverted, subway shut, 300 thousand people evacuated. #justmyluck

Genuinely though, hope this hurricane isn't bad I'm actually quiet scared

Here comes Sandy's claws, here comes Sandy's claws, up the seaboard, East. #TooSoon? #AllTheSeasons #Frankenstorm

All comfy and cozy inside!! Waiting for #Sandy to hit! #warm #blankets #sweatshirt #cozy #happy #loveit #rai

hurricane sand aint alll about that life though..

fired off an email to the NECHAMA database RE: #Sandy

Welp. I'm officially off tmrw! #Sandy

Amazingly laundry room in our bldg nearly empty 2day. Neighbors must think power + water will stay on + they'll have nuthin else 2 do #Sandy

We're closing for #Sandy tomorrow Oct. 29. To our neighbors  further, be safe! We're here for you if you need us via

Plane landed  everybody clapped. Nothing like #sandy to make you appreciate modern conveniences

Jealous of all the bitches who don't have school/work tomorrow. Not jealous of the havoc Sandy is going to wreak.

nothing like a draft in the middle of a hurricane :)

Hurricane Sandy has a filthy mouth.

FamilyLife wrote:Please join us in praying for all of those who are in the path of Hurricane Sandy. Pray that

Shocking pic of hurricane. Biggest in history that will to inland and hang there.  #baltimore #sandy

With Hurricane Sandy approaching, tweet to us using #SandyStorm to share your experiences. From everyone here at The Inkblot, stay safe.

In New York weighting to see what hurricane Sandy does

Sandy-related closures do not affect facilities abroad (Tokyo, Rome, etc)  #TempleU Japan Campus closed too?

Me  Gonna Die Together During The Hurricane Like Shit . xD

Sike sandy not gonna touch me , im a fuckin unicorn !

You know this hurricane situation is serious when KOP closes. Sandy is a bitch.

can I get an RT from a new yorker waiting for this hurricane to come!

cause hurricane sandy is coming through us with all the bad weather

Ready for #hurricanesandy. Too dang cold for a hurricane! Sheesh

Decided to pop over to the store to pick up some AA batteries.  #sandy #frankenstorm

you can keep the hurricane, i'll take the snow  I can't stand snow but it's better than a hurricane !

dat was mah first tweet girl. but I mean hey you don't always see a hurricane this big. dat little fatty.

Praying for everyone involved and around this hurricane !

#sandy means I will be answering lots of questions about generators for the next few weeks.

Tweet using #sandystorm to share your hurricane experience! Did you evacuate? What precautions are you taking?

loooove you sandy. no school Monday and Tuesday!

- Ima try to sleep during the hurricane.

The Funplex will be closed tomorrow due to the hurricane. Hope everyone stays safe

Hurricane sandy in New York LOL one after another line up and spend your money buying bottles of water LOL were all going to dieeee

So far, still have power to watch The Walking Dead, yay! #sandy

LOL LOOK AT SANDY SHE THINKS SHE IS ALL THAT SHIT WATCH OUT FOR DEBRIS LOL IT'S ALL GOOD SHE IS HELLA BAD AT THIS

Naming my car Sandra and its theme song will be rock you like a hurricane considering I want be able to drive it till after the hurricane

Someone tell Sandy I got a gf so she don't have to come no more lol

if our power goes out b4 i hear Little Things in the morning i will cry. and it won't be a wimper, i will flood my house faster than sandy

Lets get drunk to survive the hurricane. Yeah ok

The Texas Democratic Party sends our thoughts and prayers to the communities on the East Coast and in the line of Hurricane Sandy.

Thinking of our east coast friends as #sandy comes over to play. Hang in there peoples!

Florida during a hurricane: Its just a storm. MOM IM WALKING TO SCHOOL! Other places during a hurricane: OMG WERE ALL GUNNA DIE. (no hate)

Sandy was the first hurricane to really. Fuck up nassau

Alas, Sandy's headed my way. From the city:  (I'm not in the flood zone). Edcamp talk is much more fun!

Hmmmm . what to do in manayunk during a hurricane!??

let's see how many babies are result of sandy come next summerteeheee!

Hurricane Sandy, shuttin things down this week. #MayTheLordBeWithUs

Getting my Margarita fix on now just in case #Sandy takes out Border Cafe in #Cambridge

Harlem don't let the storm fool u we're open and still serving food and drinks! Come by and try our special $9 cocktail #The Dark  Sandy

BREAKING! Fatalities reported in New York area. Unrelated to Hurricane #Sandy, thousands of

Yay I can watch 's twitcam tomorrow!! Thkz Hurricane Sandy x

They called off school 35 miles north of #Boston. Nothing going on but a little drizzle #sandy

Sever weather warning because of Hurricane Sandy.

Living life on the edge  going out in sandy

List of transportation closures due to Hurricane Sandy via

Thank you Mis.Sandy for giving me a day off.

something better happen im sitting here like uhcome on sandy.

LOL you look awesome, sandy

Time to blast Kendrick Lamar and make enchiladas now. Hey Sandy, where you at?

Missing school tomorrow thanks to my friend Sandy.

Organizations use twitter to help pet owners get ready for Hurricane Sandy  via

Im just letting sandy know DONT FUCK WITH MY WIFI

#pawprayers For all pals in the path of Hurricane Sandy! Be safe. Be prepared. Take shelter with your humans if need be. Paw hugs from us!

Sandy wins. Giants win. Good Sunday.

Praying for everyone on the #EastCost in the path of #sandy Get out, and be safe!

The only thing bigger than hurricane Sandy? My anus #analqueen

Not going to be able to have quality food for days because of Sandy. #thestruggle

Survived the first wave of sandy, tryin to get home now to chill

I hope Sandy is doing a lot of bluffin

hope everyone affected by the hurricane stays safe!!

but where  did my AC go.fuck you sandy.

Going nuts with Sandy!! You better be nice..

TF y'all worried about some dumb ass game nd it's a hurricane tomorrow

Amazed at the # of women who are covering Hurricane Sandy out in the field. #journalism #news #HurricaneSandy #NYC #NJ #NC

I realllllly shouldn't be laughing so hard at that Hurricane Sandy account.

Sandy prompts closure of county offices in Burlco on Monday:  #SandyBCT

reports on #nuclear plants' readiness to withstand hurricanes like #Sandy.

In about 24 hours the #NINERS will be playing, if this bastard ass hurricane takes my power or cable out imma be very pissed#NINERSNATION

any flights canceled, or did you make it home in time to greet #Sandy?

My job just called i don't have to come in tomorrow morning thanks for fucking with my money sandy

bring it #Sandy! i have sweat pants, t-shirt, fuzzy socks, candy, pepsi next, and a messy bun! im all good!!!!!!

Watch out sandy we comin for ya#packed#nready

I'm gonna laugh when sandy is the biggest pussy of a storm

Before the Storm: Sunday's Best Photos of Sandy's Impact  via

I swear if Once Upon A Time isn't on because of he news in gonna be so mad at Sandy..

If anyone in NYC needs Sandy supplies, we are stalked up here at our apartment! #prepared #modellove #smartmodels

hope my family are doing good hope that Hurricane Sandy isn't effecting them that bad

MT  TOWN OF OLD LYME CALL FOR VOLUNTEERS #Sandy

Wow this is some hurricane we are having #sike

Smd..  Hurricane Sandy is only one of many catastrophic storms to occur in 2012. The End is Near.

This is the only thing I'll need if hurricane sandy takes everything else :)

The best SNF match of today is coming up in 30 minutes, Sandy better not ruin it!

Monkey hopes all our American friends in the path of Hurricane Sandy are safe and prepared:

I bet wrestlers on the East Coast are pumped for Hurricane Sandy. No school. No practice. And Mom went grocery shopping!

If I ever get killed by a hurricane, it better not fucking be named Sandy.

Plz take it serious,this Hurricane Sandy doesn't sound friendly at all..take caution

#sandy coverage is interrupting #OnceUponATime . Now this shit is serious.

Sandy. Please don't rip that big ass tree in my backyard out of the ground. Kaythanks hun.

Milk a top item for people preparing for Hurricane Sandy

Hoping #Sandy is more bark and less bite for my east coast people

Alright abc I don't care about sandy give me #OUAT!!!!!!!!

Thoughts and prayers to friends on the east coast in dealing with hurricane Sandy. May it pass quickly  cause

If I Die From Hurricane Sandy, I Just Want To Say Hi Cause Their Self-Titled Is Perf

Warning: for the next couple of days i will be quoting all hurricane sandy tweets because my name is sandy and i am a hurricane #swirve

I'm already in bed because of sandy and Mary teaming up to keep me home

Vegas during hurricane Sandy eh? Perfect timing or what.

praying Sandy is kind to your beach house and you are out of harms way. Be safe!

I am scared about the hurricane too :/

6 day weekend? Thanks Sandy ya little bitch #millertime

be safe in the city durning the hurricane miss and love you xo

I liked a video  Hurrican Sandy: How To Prepare

Hurricane Sandy closed down the Olive Garden on 23rd. Fuck you, weather. #OG4Life

damn sandy, slow down girl

It's the sound from this webcam in NYC that's more frightening that the image  #Sandy

Yes there are areas that will be much harder hit! #new york #Frankenstorm #Sandy

If you live in S. Ont., read this:  Sandy: Is all the hype deserved?

Bout to watch season 2 of Chapelle show to prepare for this hurricane

Hurricane Sandy Twitter was funny for all of 2 minutes, now it needs to stop

New - FASHION FOCUS: Seasonal setbacks - Hurricane Sandy

I haven't watched a lot of tv this weekend. Is #Sandy still predicted to be huge?

This idiot is really ordering pizza and Sandy got stuff getting tossed at the house. Damn fool

Postponed until day before election due to #Sandy:

All this hurricane hubbub..really makes me want some Pecan Sandies.

Hurricane Sandy is going to hit me tomorrow! I wonder what's going to happen. Anyone else going to get hit by it?

Let me google this Sandy bitch

i do cause the hurricane is coming tomorrow night

work just announced they're closed tomorrow, as is the DC Metro and the Metrobus system. #sandy #Frankenstorm

thinking of everyone on the East Coast of the USA this evening; keep tucked up  safe #Sandy  You're such a #ClassAct, Sarah!

guess i should call my parents before there's a hurricane

If you think standing on a beach during a hurricane makes you a 'rebel', congratulations in advance on your Darwin Award.

Please!!!! Omg lol  Bruh.its cold AF, n windy, dat hurricane coming, can class get canceled plz

Sandy started off as a cock blocker, now is her home girl.

This weeks podcast is delayed slightly by Hurricane Sandy, should be up within the hour. Apologies.

All flight operations in and out of PHL have been canceled for tomorrow, Monday, Oct 29th due to #Sandy.

I hope they don't cancel my flight Friday because of hurricane sandy.

I refuse to panic because the weather nerds have a lower average than A-Rod in October. #sandy

thanks James! :) the Hurricane is named after my Mum! Haha

I'm going out into Sandy Protect me

Atleast has some good people working twitter for tonight because STL agents really made them look bad w/o #sandy!

you used Sandy as an excuse to buy junk food. Now that's what I'm talking about!

How the fuck people across the street power out  the damn hurricane ain't even come yet

Yeaaaaaah ! What the fuck ! The annoying ass hurricane sandy page gotta say now. Fucking no show.

Flyers beware! Airlines are continuing to cancel flights in the Northeast as Hurricane Sandy moves up the coast.

Thanks to hurricane Sandy I have no classes for the next two days I guess this means I should catch up on homework!!!

Hope this hurricane is not that bad, already saved me from work and 3 midterms

MaRSDD: Hurricane Sandy via Google Crisis Response  MaRSDD: Hurricane Sandy via  #education

WeatherBELL model graphics wide-open for duration of Hurricane #Sandy.

Sandy is now headed straight toward my family and friends. Please pray for their safety. Love you, am with you Northeast be safe!!! Xoxo

Pizza delivery girl had punch drunk love as her ring back  brought me food in a hurricane. She totes deserved that $15 tip

Deer in the surf at Monmouth Beach, NJ. Can't be a good sign when Bambi tries to drown herself. #Sandy

Good news: class for tomorrow cancelled. Bad news: because of a hurricane. Worse news: still bucket loads of work to get through.

how is the hurricane affecting the teams returning from England?

These hurricane sandy tweets are hilarious but so wrong.

haha i was in vegas for the hurricane last year too

Remember to secure your tax records  CPA with something heavy in a low lying area so destruction is ensured #mittstormtips  #sandy

I think my room matches the hurricane quite nicely

I don't care how small they are, I'm not walking through a hurricane haha.

WHERE THE FUCK IS SANDY, BITCH AIN'T COMIN TO MY HOOD.. SHE KNO WHAT IT IS!!!

Hurricane Sandy: NYC   VERY Important map for NYC area.  Bookmark it!  #NYC

Evacuated from fidi. Hurrication #Sandy begins But I still might have work tomorrow? #realworldproblems

, Sandy need to go back to bikinii Bottommm !!!

Ayee Sandy B*tch don't kill my vibe!

imma pray for yall when sandy come thoughimma be good with my cowboys generator

Hurricane Sandy tweets omg LOL

Who cares about a Sandy?!?? Walking Dead is about to come on

Tbh Sandy just reminds me of the movie Greace.. the hot girl girl was called Sandy

Obama is watching #Sandy in real time. He's going to send helpas long as you're not a hero on a roof getting shot at

Wow she said sandy from spongebob hahahha

what if sandy did like mess us all up?

:,( :,( :,( *runs outside during the hurricane and kills self *

Eh, the two best Simpsons hurricane avatars have taken and I feel I should stay with this one until the lockout ends. #nobodycares

Public transit calls off Monday service as Hurricane Sandy approaches

S/O to my exs I hope hurricane sandy come get yall

There r many more ppl more qualified2 give #Sandy safety advice, so Pay Attention to them!

So you mean to tell me an earthquake, tsunami and hurricane were going on at the same time??? **glances over at the Maya

NY before Sandy makes landfall in northeast. Also kudos to Tynes for making all those field goals. That leg has been reliable

SHUT THE FCK UP ABOUT THIS DAMN HURRICANE #rage

I wish I was at a hurricane party :(

Only crazy shit like Hurricane Sandy Happens only in the states. that Europe Life.

Go Google for making a map for Hurricane Sandy:  Very helpful.

GMU is closed tomorrow. Also the smaller kitten gets to keep his testicles a few more days. #sandy #frankenstorm #rescheduling

Bee Line Bus service suspended and entire length of Bronx River Parkway to be closed. #Sandy #Westchester

Hurricane Sandy isn't fucking about

Watching the coverage of Hurricane Sandy on the Weather Channel instead of footballwish I would have done more with this interest I have.

Holy fuck im getting scared now! They saying Sandy gonna fuck shit up!

I don't like hurricane sandy it ruined are senior auction day! Lol

At home watching movies :)) ahh i love relaxing. I really hope this hurricane doesnt ruin my club scene this week! #hopeful

Hopefully my power doesn't go out cause then i might just kill my self this hurricane this year unfortunately

it's exactly what it says.. it's a hurricane and its name is sandy lol

Got my tea ready for hurricane sandy! BRING IT ON BITCH! #sandy

(WESH local news) New York subway shuts down as Sandy nears: The subway in the city that never slee  #ORLANDO #FL

I'm tired of these stupid hurricane sandy tweets. #twitterproblems

I hope everyone in the northeast will stay safe and dry in the path of Hurricane Sandy! Map

I didn't wanna get caught in sandy yo

#world series, popcorn, wine, pjs- great way to start DC shutdown from #hurricane sandy. Go Giants!!

To all of our friends in NY and across the East Coast.. please stay safe during Hurricane Sandy!!!

OMG ITS SO WINDY SANDY IS HEREEJFDSJ IM FREAKING OUT OMG

* wakes up  looks outside * .. Fuck sandy at ?

Be careful everyone for the next few days! Hurricane Sandy ain't playing

Making s'mores for the hurricane! I'm cray lmfao

Leave it to my parents to not buy food before this hurricane..

#sandy - Gov Malloy you have declared a state of emergency so are you going to close the roads like Gov Grasso did years ago?

Feel bad for the homeless people that have no where to go during the hurricane

RT RT Retweet if you want #Sandy to destroy your school for you. I got your back.

OMG I CAN'T BREATHE THE PICTURE PRISCILLA JUST SENT ME OMG I CAN'T HURRICANE SANDY OMG

people be saying that they want Sandy to come, imagine if someone you know die? would you like to see that? so just stop saying that!

#up #bored playin on my iPhone #nowork tomorrow I KNEW SOMETHING GOOD WAS GONNA COME OUTTA HURRICANE SANDY l

Hurricane advice for my tweet friends:

I'm banking on twitter and Instagram to keep me entertained for the next 24-48 hours #sandy

we need a legendary repeat of the hurricane party from last year

These Hurricane Sandy tweets is OFF THE WALL

Sippin on some brew ready for this bitch sandy

U.S. companies delay earnings reports due to hurricane - NEW YORK (Reuters) - Drugmaker Pfizer Inc and power compani

HEY #SLCHAT PEEPS!!!  Sorry I'm late.  Prepping for Sandy got me a little behind.  Hope I didn't miss much!!! #slchat

no RAs no cops no peopleif this hurricane causes loss of power and serious damage here Rowan might look like this

BUiLDiNG CHARACTER will be closed Monday, Oct. 29. Please be safe as Hurricane Sandy impacts the region.

To all in NYC and other areas affected by #Sandy hope you all stay safe

LMFAO PICTURE SOMEONE DURING THE HURRICANE JUST RINGING UR DOORBELL TALKING BOUT TRICK OR TREAR AND THEN THE WIND PUSHE

All of these hurricane sandy tweets have made my day easily 100x better than it would have been

My mom (who's in DR) is freaking out more than my dad (who's in NY) because of Sandy

Cape Cod boards up, awaits Sandy: CHATHAM, Mass. -- Power crews are gathering strength in numbers as residents board

Great to connect with you Charlie. Keep us posted on Yarmouth's latest obs during the height of #Sandy

last year the snowstorm was on my birthday, this year its a hurricane #areyoutryingtotellmesomething

sandy taking long as fuck to bust a move, I'm over her.. entirely.

#Sandy praying for ya hope every one is ok :)

Getting some rest before working in the ED during the hurricane for the next couple days!

What this little hurricane? More like hurricant!!

to all of you that may be affected by the hurricane, i really hope that you will still have wifi

when your mom won't let you drive through a hurricane to have ice cream with your sister  #bucknell #damn

#hurricane I laughed so hard i just started crying

I'm thinking about riding hurricane waves in pool

The fact that my house has no heat and the hurricane didn't even come yet #lol fuck our boiler

A personal plea from the NWS Philadelphia/Mt. Holly Office. #Sandy #njwx  via he snapped.

these hurricane sandy jokes are not funny. People lost their lives. #smartenup

All stocked up and ready or hurricane Sandy.. #HurricaneSandy

Beer fridge before frankenstorm. New Yorkers have our priorities straight #rockmelikeahurricane #sandy

just a reminder, be sure your fleshlights are fully charged for Sandy #YesFleshlights #NotATypo

Wesner Michel; Massive evacuations as Hurricane Sandy nears East Coast - Chicago Tribune: IBNLiveMassive evacuat

yall niggahs trippy.. Hurricane Sandy rite next to us.

Bread aisle at the supermarket was wiped out in Astoria #sandy

I'm not missing Working PJ party this today because of Sandy! No wayThe hotel is prob safer than my hous

Ayee Hurricane Sandy Needa Bring Her Shit Wrecking Ass Down HERE . Ion Wanna GonTo School Either

Theee hoe can't hold me back, thee hoe can't hold me back #Sandy

Google crisis map is out for #Sandy . You may wish to favorite this to stay on top of this monster storm #NY #NJ #flood

Yall think this hurricane is gunna be bad? Think about how bad its gunna be if mitt Romney makes office

thankk u hopefully nothin serious bout this sandy girl

My Mom Is Taking this Hurricane To Faaaaar -__________-

All these tweets from celebs about hurricane Sandy on the east coast  #famous

I want this hurricane to hit already so ready for a blackout

Look what sandy has done to us so far #jamesriverbridge #va #bridge #water #almostthere   #itsclosed #hurric

I wanna rock u like hurricane san-D

Put Sandy In My Faaacee I Aint Got No Worries !!!!!!

now we gotta wait til the hurricane is over

coolin it watching Misfits..with no school or responsibilities tomorrow word to Sandy

Hurricane Sandy forcing changes in campaigns, even voting: Sunday, Oct. 28, 2012:President Obama attends a brief

People chill about damn hurricane sandy. Its a little class 1 storm with maybe 30 mph gusts #itsnotbad

Statue of Liberty Cam gives a nice view of Manhattan for #Sandy  #Hoboken

Wow!  That's a pretty big spread!  Who's preparing for Sandy?

hurricane playlist and put the songs in order so that their titles narrate exactly what happens

This sandy storm is gonna delay my movement to TX!!!! #sopissed #txbound #readytoleavedc

I just wanted to clarify the dark skin girl with blonde hair. I have sandy brown light brown whateva light color hair nd i look good !

because of this hurricane we can hve the giant slip an slide down the hill Hahah

Ik its kinda scary but i think a hurricane coming trough boring PA is something exciting haha #letsgosandybitch

And pigs will fly! MT If #scotus cancels arguments because of #sandy  it will post a notice on its website.

Mom stocked up on beer  wine before sandy hits #ThatsWhenYouKnow #LatinoProbz

These pictures of Sandy Cheeks and Sandy from Grease pasted over a weather map make me want to KMS.

Those Hurricane Sandy accounts are so ridiculousssssss

Sandy Aint Gona Blow Ma High

VCU closed and classes canceled for Monday, Oct. 29. #Sandy #Be_Safe_Richmond

Do not suspend the campaign b/c of Sandy. We can't afford 2 lose those days !!!!

Should I be worrying about this hurricane??

I'm finally ungrounded with a fucking hurricane coming and I can't even have my best friends sleep over #fuckyou

where tf is hurricane sandy wen yuh need her!!

much obliged..we're dead in the hurricane's crosshairs but we're as prepared as we can be #GoodLuckToAllInSandysWay

What To Listen To While Waiting for a Hurricane? Send in yours for a chance to win! (corrected link)

Hope all my East Coast Twitter buds are prepped  surrounded by family, friends  pets as they ride out  #Sandy. Be careful, y'all

grandma is staying with us for sandy she brought all that remained in her fridge AND went food shopping #weregonnalosepower #foodwillgobad

Sandy is a hurricane?  Now the tweets make sense.

Thinking of our friends south of the border in the path of #Sandy. Be safe.

And more important than having good pussy, make sure you got enough cooked food for him during this hurricane.

Hurricane Sandy will make sure no weave will be left unturned

Guess I have nothing else better to do during a hurricane other than to take selfies. #hair #curls #eyes #ha

When where I live is getting the center of the hurricane  JUST GREAT.

I hope the hurricane sweeps up mrs.bumbacco

When you've bought 10 candles in preparation but come home to find no matches, you've been Frankenstormed!#frankenstorm #sandy

Ok folks back east.. It is raining buckets AGAIN here in the Lake O. We are having our own little sympathy hurricane for you. You're welcome

Fully expecting to wake up in the middle of the night thanks to sandy

Hurricane Sandy Updates: The Calm Before the Superstorm  #Europe #Eurozone via #newzsocial

wow wishes everyone in the path of hurricane Sandy good luck and be safe!!!!

I wont have no one to cuddle with when sandy hits

Check in time.. where r u with #Sandy!?

Hurricane Sandy Map Shows Storm's Path Towards U.S. Northeast: As Hurricane Sandy moves north  Cray Tweets Update

that's great! Maybe a hurricane lullaby with the stories? A lot of sing feature Sandy in the title!

It's doesn't matter what it is studio, show work , Sandy or whatever I will always make time for my lil man.

That's hurricane sandy now I dint have go work tomorrow but the rest of the week is going suck worse cause of it

Hungry ghost will be open regular hours   as long as Sandy doesn't get too naughty!

I just really hope we don't lose power #positivethoughts #Sandy

Outside again, #Sandy inches closer to DC as the rain picks up.

I think we're prepared! Everyone stay safe and dry this week! #hurricansandy #sandy

some of these ppl by the east coast joking about this hurricane FINNA DIEEE!!

while waiting for hurricane sandy, please checkout my new video. Switcheasy Nude (cont)

Awesome colorized satellite loop of Sandy..convection continues to wrap around the center.     #riwx #mawx #sandy

reread that tweet, my friend. it says canceled for a HURRICANE. not canceled ever. or, umm, that's how i read it.

It's gonna take a whole lot more than a Hurricane 2 test my faith. I know that once I start to fear, that's when I'm vulerable to the enemy.

Yeah kardashians we have a stage fuckin 3 hurricane  your asking me to tune in so I can make you richer #gofuckyourselves

If your home is underwater make sure you keep paying your mortage. Even if it's literally underwater   #MittStormTips #Sandy

#Public_Safety MT Update: Milford  West Haven in #CTWX issue mandatory evac this eve ahead of #Sandy via

a huge hurricane is about 6hrs away from the east coast. I'm sure they have better things to do. Think of OTHERS 4a change!

i feel as if this storm sandy make good metphor for life we indeed must weather the storm you see

Sandy, I'm eating junk food and watching rubbish! You better come out and stop me! #kevinmccallisterinreallife

you thought we would get out of school for hurricane sandy?? Lol #highschoolers we go to new Albany! We always go to school!

oh I'm gonna be sleeping the hurricane away lol

Clause and Indy are carried away as Hurricane Sandy barrels down on the East Coast.

Wish I didn't have to be all alone during this hurricane :( #ForeverAlone

thanks sandy for a bloomingdales sale and a new episode of kuwtk

Sandy is a very un-intimidating name for a hurricane. All that comes to mind when I think of it is Sandy Cheeks. #fb

#REVENGE TIME! Take a breather from this hurricane, East Coast.

for the fellow Okiesmy school just got cancelled due to a hurricane #hurricaneSandy #shesonenastywhore

While other people are excited forno school tommorow,I still have to do hw allday. ona laptop the needs ELECTRICITY. #H.Sandy

Really, really hope my folks' house in Hampton doesn't get flooded again. Happened twice before. #hurricane

HURRICANE DOMES. MADE OF 5 FEET OF PLEXY GLASS. MAKE THEM ALL OVER.

Right now I'm glad I live here in Norway and not in the US. That hurricane is bad..

Aint nothing. to big or to scary foe Sandy Cheeks

Stupid Hurricane fucking up this weather all the way up in Canada -.- raining ALL WEEK. #NotImpressed

I wonder how this hurricane is lookin.. In Philly

that's how you know Sandy's a hoe

Hurricane Katrina ? Hurricane Irene ? Hurricane sandy ? So what hapeen to Hurricane Chris lmaooo

I mean I'm not asking for the apocalypse but I don't want an email saying JK SANDY BAILED SCHOOLS ON #justsomerainplease

when 3 peopke ask me to hangout tm.. they act like theres not a  hurricane or anything

Not that I'm arguing Carla's decision or anything, but this infamous Sandy is nowhere to be seen as of yet.

wind is picking up and we're watching the breakfast club so at least there's that. sandy, homegirl, can you keep our power on please?

Sandy ready !! Lol this is all I need ooh n my ice cream of course that's in the freezer lol

Me and getting ready for Sandy. Lol #phuckthatstorm #phuckyourAAmeetings

I'm pretty sure I don't see a hurricane outside my window so why are they closing the roads already? #dumbassgovt

The news hyped sandy up! Nothing's happened for us to have to evacuate lol it's just rain

Please, stop the obnoxiously unfunny hurricane Twitter account retweets. I can't stand it!

Filling up a couple of bathtubs with water, just in case. #Sandy

If Sandy turns out to be real , my body can feed off itself for like 3 days. #SoFull

Everyones like YEAH HURRICANE PARTY WOO SUNDAY FUNDAY!!! and then there's me with my anatomy book

keeping my phone on the charger. I aint tryna have a dead phone if this hurricane makes us lose power.

Sandy prolly bumpin that CRINNNAAACCKKK as I tweet

Be safe. Dont be 1 if those crazy reporters. Its safe in my roomheh, heh, heh..#Sandy

CBS5: East Coast braces for Hurricane Sandy  #news

Sorry Sandy but you are NOT the one that we want. Unless of course you manage to cancel my classes for tomorrow.

sandy is a fucking myth. You suck no one likes me :(

Bottled water at Old Bridge ShopRite #sandy #njsandy

omg, sandy's on a picture of it like  its the hurricane,  its funnier when you see it on the picture :3

Planning on sotting in the middle of the street during the hurricane tomorrow!

K, so the county closed schools Monday *and* Tuesday. What happens if #Sandy clears out completely by Tuesday morning  schools have power?

SANDY's Location with Center of Circulation pressure up to 962 millibars #hcsm

Show us your wrath Sandy. Bring it

Lol we still got 6a.m treatments in the middle of a hurricane smh

Sandy, gurl I know you on your period and all but pls dunt kill ma frans ;_;

Quiet night in Manhattan; no subways, stores/restaurants closing early in the neighborhood. Just waiting for Sandy

Sometimes it's nice to see who matters. And who doesn't. Happy hurricane!

I bet sandy from spongebob had that wet wet lowkey. lmao

What 3 things would you take if evacuated from Zone A as Hurricane #Sandy approaches? I chose 12, water and some chocolate!

sandy cant hold fi back!

Fuck outta here Sandy, RH has bigger problems right now

Although I have time to study I just might not thanks #sandy

Hurricane Sandy has me all crankyit's freezing in my apartment, and it hasn't even hit yet. Ugh!

The emptiest aisle at C-Town: the chip aisle. Ha! #frankenstorm #sandy

The Halloween candy has been opened.  #sandy #anditbegins

I really wish I could go to the gym during this hurricane.

Omg thank you for retweeting that hurricane sandy tweet now I'm laughing my ass off

Hope hurricane sandy doesn't cause too much havoc!! Be safe my friends.

srsly I wanna get paid to stand through a hurricane

If y'all gonna ramp with Sandy you better have a sew in because she's snatching wigs! #HurricaneSandy

Aw mann hurricane sandy why can't we have no scho o l. #hurricanesandy pls n ty

just be a stay at home mom /blogger like me and every day is a hurricane day!!  Pay is great too!

I hope all my up north niggas safe right now, with that hurricane  shit going on

Manager called office closed Tommorow #Winning #Nowork #thank #You #sandy

people are making fun of hurricane sandy, seriously? you never realize how bad it is until you live through it.

Burning hurricane candles just for atmosphere #VibeIsEverything #Sandy

There's a tree next to my room and hurricane sandy is coming. oh god. Heeeelp.

Is that the first hurricane aided HR in World Series history?

Anyone in NYC wanna come visit LA and stay with me to avoid sandy? Holler at me

i can't swim oops guess if i was near hurricane sandy i would be dead by now

Here you go algore a fat head w/BIG$$ =Bette Midler on Hurricane #Sandy: 'Global warming costs big bucks' -

Hurricane Sandy: British Airways Cancels Flights To Northeast: British Airways cancelled all flights to New York

#Sandy prep: 18yr glen check, flavor blasted goldfish check.

There's a hurricane on its way bet ya bitches gonna wanna cuddle throughout the whole thing

Hurricane sandy better take her ass back to bikini bottom on some real shit

This hurricane better not fuck up my NetFlix!!!

My mommy and I are ready for Sandy :) lollike mother like daughter lol

is also hilarious - as we stare down Sandy! When are you coming for a visit?

The suspense is killing me.  I think I'll preemptively pull the circuit breakers.  #Sandy #Frankenstorm

Hurricane Sandy's death toll rises to 65 in Haiti RT: WHY is everyone in SUCH a panic about hurricane (i'm calling it Sally)?

If you think I've been snarky re Sandy here today, you should see me on Facebook. #MoreThan140CharacterRants

Almost out of alcohol. So unprepared for this hurricane. Breaking out the rikki and blue cool aid #HighClass

New York subway shuts down as Sandy nears: Monday is going to be ugly. Three major public transportatio  #lincoln

If Sandy come  my bitch just drizzle or lightly rain I am going to be highly upsetBecause the news said we're

Nifty tip: turn off your phone's vibrate to save battery life. Vibrate mode takes up a lot of battery energy #survivalguide #Sandy

let's go drive in the hurricane YOLO. Lol

I think my Hurricane Avatar tweets made me lose a follower.

when sandy hits  everyone on the east coast loses power youll finally know what its like to be awake tweeting on

((I bet Anna loves Hurricane Sandy now XD))

What's the more fearful natural disaster? A) Tsunami B) Earthquake C) Hurricane? #TwitterPoll

I better wake up in a fucking Sandy tomorrow. #shots #shots #shots

People So Worried About Hurricane Sandy , Wtf , It's Not Even Going To Touch Us So STFU please ^.^ !  Yes We're Having School Tomorrow !

Son I'm gonna be in my bathtub during the hurricane like .

Wish me luck while Hurricane Sandy passes through NYC :/

Hope my ain't and em be alright with this hurricane on the way

Sandy gonna get a ass beat if she takes the power away

Best way to notify your citizens or customers during #Hurricane #Sandy is via #textmessage .

Can hurricane sandy blow some pizza to my bed

Labor  delivery during hurricane Sandy. Yay  Jersey Regional Medical Center w/ 2 others)

I hope the hurricane misses you! Stay safe!

Hurricane/No work beer cellar raid #2: Heavy Seas Smoke On The Waterstill light on the smoke, Hugh.

Hurricane? Whatever. High Diamond Zerg laddering until the power goes out!:

In NYC, no buses, no trains, no subways; how is a rat supposed to get from station to station?  #Sandy

I'm slick hurt that my family left my ass alone knowing this sandy hoe about to come .

My dad just told me I'm going to get hurt in the storm because Sandy never liked me -___-

SANDY: 1 of Willi Hatzolah communication towers in Navy Yard is down as power is shut. Members work to setup temp. NYU ho

Bloody hell only just catching on to the seriousness of Hurricane Sandy! Looks like things could be really bad for New York and others :(

Sext: I had physics homework n I'm watching halloweentown 2 kalabars revenge instead also there's a hurricane I think?What are you wearing

When is that hurricane suppose to hit md?

Hurricane sandy look'n like a bad bitch

NBC News  tweeted at 9:24 PM on Sun, Oct 28, 2012:Hurricane #Sandy injects uncertainty into 2012 presidential campaign GOOD!

Thankgod i have a generator.not gonna lose power #Sandy

I'm sure Sandy won't even be bad for you guys. We deal with it in Florida all the time. It's just rain and wind.

Although my dad did fill up my tank because of this slut named Sandy

We all doubting what sandy gonna do, watch this bitch go extra hard for no reason

Just heard from friend in NYC: Everything between Brooklyn  Manhattan is already underwater. #Sandy

that bitch Sandy needs to either come on, or take her ass back to Bikini Bottom.. she got niggas waiting and shit !!

on Hurricane #Sandy: 'Global warming costs big bucks'  via Bette - STFU  SING- or whatever.

Friends from #Newyork take care, Sandy is going very strong. God bless you

Whaddya think Sandy is doing right now? Who's she meeting? Who's she hanging out with? #toosoon?

To all my brothers and sisters out there, Stay Safe and see ya at the end of Sandy. #SandyCenPa

nothin out in Sandy Springs wit my siset and cuzzo. Waitin on her to finish so we can leave

WAIT YOU GOT HURRICANES DURING THE HURRICANE HA HA jokes over

They not playin dwn here about this hurricane

Sandy is becoming way too big of a deal

Hurricane Party now in CP.we have beer  generatorbring gas!

Great sex during the storm sounds excellent to me #Sandy

That one time you used a hurricane as an excuse to buy high-priced junk food.

everybody in the crib tryna joke me bout this damn sandy

kyla just thought there was gonna be a hurricane in kansas #Dumbass #WereNotRelated

Rain is starting up again :( stupid sandy

Sandy plans to give NYC one of the best Blow Jobs ever! Blow me away Honeyyyy! Remember NO teeth!

, I Wish People  Stfu  About  This Sandy  Shyt

tomorrow I will wonder the streets an explore the hurricane in depth. maybe I will wear a helmet just in case a tree falls on me

I'm not scared of the hurricane, I'm pretty sure nothing will happen

SANDY NEED TO CARE HER ASS!!!!!!

If #Sandy really blows this many states, she will be more popular than Debbie in Dallas. #HurricaneTweet

I just got so excited to see that you are following me. More excited than being out chasing Hurricaine Sandy. Your awesome ;)

Yes i get to drive to PA during the hurricane

2 fetch right  is the hurricane happening where u live

Gold medal Tweet.  Flights canceled. Trains canceled. School canceled. I guess Sandy's last name

I'm glad this hurricane got me a couple extra days off

Not going to school tomorrow because of this hurricane

Your guide to eating out during hurricane Sandy its good to live in #NYC  thanks

Prayers to everyone in New York waiting for Sandy to hit. Be safe, stay low, stay prayed up. I love you all.

Okaaaay ? Its 9:51 . . . . WHERE THE FUCK IS SANDY ?Dont  Lemme Find Out That Bitch Scared , Lol !

I am in #Southern ON but we are suppose to get some effects of the #hurricane on Tuesday, #hurricane #sandy

lol  Dear hurricane sandy, I just straightened my hair so don't go to cray cray

SUNDAY night on  the #DJDOntjelouseMe Sandy can't stop u partying #tuneIn  nd enjoy the jams #letTheMusicSpeak

Making thank you cards on this windy night! #diy #craft #latergram #instacraft #sandy

On a real note: I hope everyone stays safe tomorrow and the following days throughout the hurricane

welcome to Aruba this is sandy how can I help you?

Everyone ready for #Sandy ? The kids are excited to be off! Lol

You might wanna charge it sandy gonna come and you gonna be mad then.. just saying..

Sandy is BIG.  Most hurricanes' strongest winds are near center (eyewall). Sandy's winds extend over 500 miles.

how my floor spends hurricane sundays

Airlines awaiting Sandy cancel flights and move planes: Most airlines expect to have East Coast planes back in t

That ill promoting parties for tonight They ain't hear about that bitch Sandy

7 Year Storm Cycle: Katrina, Isaac, Sandy and the Prefect Storm  #News #BusinessNews via #newzsocial

Katrina was Bush's fault, so Sandy must be obamas fault.

Maybe Hurricane Sandy will blow Oily Mitt's stashed $$ to U S so he will have to pay taxes on it - the first time trickle down has worked.

Sandy was here for couple of days na i cant even figure out how to use Facebook anymore

lmao said we bout to light one for Sandy

47% of people aren't going to be influenced by #MittStormTips anyway. #Sandy

Hey Hurricane Chris.. You know yo sister out here doing damage cause you don't have wifi

My beach house is gonna be owned by sandy

R U serious the name of #Superstorm is #Sandy ? U can't do better, like #bastard from #hell ?

Err How did I not know about Hurricane Sandy until 30 seconds ago?

Tryna show Sandy a great time in Cardiff

Assorted supplies of the non-alcoholic variety to weather #Sandy the Doomstorm. (And yes, w Palace

Serious question - what's on your #Frankenstorm playlist? Gonna need some music to get through the next 48 hours. #Sandy

This fake hurricane pages are these fat white boys that beat there Dick to cartoon porn ! They got no Fucking life .

Today is my Friday and Monday/Tues are my weekend. Not sure if I'm happy that I'm off during Sandy.

Friends, family, friends of friends, family of friends, everyone in Sandy's way. Praying for you! May you all be safe!

Google's Crisis Map For Hurricane Sandy - GADGETOSE  via

K, I'd rather goto school than have my community wiped out by a hurricane ,

So guess Delaware doesn't get mentioned while e prepare for Sandy. Thanks #theweatherchannel

You will catch me outside in the Hot , Clod , Snow , Rain , Fog . BUT NOT in no damn hurricane

Kansans ready to help after Hurricane Sandy: Dozens of Kansans are already in or on their way to the East Coast,

Video: Iconic New York Apple Store prepares for Hurricane Sandy -

I hope you get a hurricane day! Stay safe and dry!

#Weather Chnl: if u can differentiate btwn NY and NJ why continue to refer to 2 states as THE Carolinas? 1 has #sandy the other doesn't.

Dang is Sandy out there learning the hula or something cuz she's whipping around stuff! #SandyIsRatchet

It pisses me off how some people don't have school cause of this hurricane .

the campaign for your fame shall now be called hurricane Justin #publicist #ontopofthings #makingshirts

what's with the telegram style of weather advisories? all caps, no punctuation, urgent tone. #Sandy

United Airlines allowing passengers affected by Hurricane #Sandy 2change travel plans w/o penalty  ll

that hurricane sandy account is hilarious af.

Sandy, you can stay all week.. just don't ruin my birthday.

Hoping #Sandy shows a little mercy this weekStay safe, everyone!

Hoping so bad they extend this deadline for Hurricane Sandy. #stressed

Rt if u dnt give a fuck about sandy

Sandy need to go somewhere else.. UGH!!!

You need to stop worrying about not wearing your slutty haloween costume and start worrying about this hurricane

where is this hurricane??? its not even raining..

this film is unrelated to sandy. I'm in northern nj

Where these hurricane names be coming from tho

them hurricane jokes funny as hell .

Are you ready fora news update? #SNF halftime special report with latest on  #Sandy coming up

A hurricane coming the same week I can get a free Doritos Loco Taco at participating Taco Bell Restaurants? *Shaking fists at sky* SANDY!!

What is Hurricane Sandy it's all about #HurricaneSassy

Praying for everyone in the path of Hurricane Sandy, especially everyone in CT I love you all!

Hurricane sandy is hitting right where my brother lives. He said he's got everything. Food, water, flashlights, and beer. Haha

Hurricane hunter recorded flight level winds of 100 knots in #Sandy at 9544 ft

I've always wanted to have a hurricane named after me #maybeoneday #hurricanesabs

Please share and pray for all those in the path of Sandy  I lovee you..

I jus wanna be wit her durin sandy

watching videos w. my mom on hurricane sandy  one family had got evicted from their house  the parents got up  left their kids  smh .

Sandy is on her way! Holding it down

RWTDS-at least I got to Eastern State Penitentiary before the hurricane hit. #reasonswhytodaydoesntsuck

Philipsburg-Osceola schools will be closed Monday according to school website. #Sandy

Hope the hurricane doesn't smash my dude what would I do without yea? #ahhhhh #PAUL!!

Jeez, do the school/community closings HAVE to take up 1/3 of the screen? #Sandy #DontThinkAboutAnythingElse

Hurricane Sandy house party!! (My house of course) HMU!!

Everybody thought of spongebob when they heard about hurricane sandy but tbh I thought of grease:$ GOO GREASE LIGHTNIN

Who scared of hurricane sandy cause I anit Retweet if u r NOT scared of hurricane Sandy Or Favorite If u R scared if Hurricane sandy

After Sandy we will be a lot wiser people in construction building I bet.

last year Hurricane Irene cause lots of damage October no fun

Sandy about to fuck some shit up

Watching #CNN east coast preparing for landfall Praying for everyone's safety #SANDY

Wtf? Everyone is checking in !  Apocalypse - Hurricane Sandy w/

Hurricane Sandy?? you got something to do with this?

Monday officially cancelled on the East Coast. #sandy fro

Hey east coast, has the hurricane hit yet?

Dear Hurricane Sandy, you wont do it. No balls!

Allnighter like the last hurricane again :D

idk who will blow more the eagles or hurricane sandy #lmfao

The only Hurricane I see is the one the Broncos are putting on the Saints #Broncos #18Manning #hurricane

I got u Blame it on sandy LOL..but check the video out tell me what u think..I'm not finished yet

A hurricane, a full moon, minimal staff, multiple phone lines.work is going to be fun tomorrow!

Its raining and getting windy already! #Sandy

Yo we don't have school tomorrow?? Theres a hurricane that's about to hit?? Wtf why didn't someone say something!!

all this BS man hurricane candy not evenn bout that life lol at least no skool mon.and tues.

Loool. Hurricane Sandy has a Twitter account. :')

Wx warnings issued for Western Pa. as East Coast braces for 'monster' storm   #frankenstorm #Sandy

Prayers for all the people in the wake of hurricane Sandy.

Oyster Creek nuclear power plant in Forked River, N.J., has already been offline since Oct. 22: prep for #Sandy

I know it's gonna be terrible and all but I can't take a Hurricane named Sandy seriously

You want to put a cost on Global Warming? Add $3 billion dollars of wind damage from hurricane Sandy to the bill. #Sandy

They Need To Call Dis Storm Hurricane Nu $$$$ Pissing On Her Killer And Them ES Fuck Boysss

Everytime I look at the news about hurricane sandy I think about sandy on spongebob lol

SPIN? #NObama campaign fears impact of Hurricane Sandy

Number 1 rule of Hurricane survival: eat all of the ice cream now so it doesn't melt when power goes out. #sandy

#hurricanesandy. Praying for all my fellow Long Islanders!!  Sandy's winds are just starting and I can't imagine what we are in for!

Fuck sandy im going to the bar

the hurricane is gone MHM - looks around on My TL-

PAKIS RAPE KIDS: New York prepares for Hurricane Sandy: Shelters opened, public transportati  #edl #bnp #bfp #mdl

They showed up at my door and now im in a conga lin #sandy

heey hoee, you should walk to my house tomorrow in the hurricane, to show me how much you love me(:

the hurricane casualty rate in my apartment is already rising

Feels like going shopping soon after sandy doe lol

President Sign Emergency Declaration For #NewYork Before #Sandy's (NY1)

If I lose electricity on my birthday in 2 days then fuck you Hurricane Sandy.

Click on link. Worth it. M Nat'l Weather Service in NJ issued intense, guilt-inducing ALL CAPS #Sandy warning

ppl be safe everyone, hurricane sandy, u know, be safe 3

Sandy cumin watch out ' lol

Hurricane Sandy has me rolling

Anybody know when Sandy's hitting NY?

Local, Airport Preparations for Hurricane Sandy  #armageddon #storm

This hurricane got everyone stressing I'm only stressing tht I might not see the Lakers Home Opener #LAKERNATION

My whole backyard is huge trees so this hurricane better not knock any down or else they'll fall on my house  I'

As long as I have water, food, and wifi; I'll be ohkay during this hurricane

Hurricane Sandy news: Mon. classes are cancelled; online reg. is postponed; info. re: Tues. will be communicated on Mon.

Hurricane #Sandy -- Buoy south of Islip, NY reporting sustained winds of 40 mph.

WHOA: The Weather Channel Meteorologist Just Completely Freaked Out About Hurricane #Sandy:  LOL

Reuters Companies delay earnings reports due to hurricane - NEW YORK (Reuters) - Drugmaker Pfizer Inc  and power com

Outrageous! I was totally planning to brave #Sandy for a latte tomorrow morning!

Meek's Cutoff, stuffy room, french fries, and falafel. #sandy #SOS

my mother was supossed to go get it from sprint but dumb ass hurricane sandy was being an asswhole

Stuck in San Antonio thanks to #Sandy. Luckily, we have unlimited access to guac  margaritas. Stay safe East Coast friends!

Took a photo of my Hydrangeas today pre-Sandy.

for the safety of millions, let's keep the phone lines open tomorrow for emergency personnel during Sandy

Them Hurricane Sandy tweets aaint funny no more shit is finna get real

Giants trying to beat Hurricane Sandy home after 29-24 win against Cowboys

Hunkered together on kitchen floor trying to steer clear of hurricane stepmother's wrath

Can we cancel school as a sign of empathy for the Northeast? #sandy

Wind picking up in NYC. Subway  much of city shut down already for hurricane #sandy. I'll be live in 30 minutes and

I forgot I need to walk to school durring Sandy :/

Sandy bout to fuck America right up.

they said #sandy was coming to bmore, my ass def. packed my stuff and left this damn harbor me and my son not gonna drown.

Can't wait for this hurricane so me and can eat dominos and watch breaking bad cause sandy is just a little bitch

Well I get to work during the hurricane tomorrow, so I'm probably gonna die. Whatever I don't care anymore. My day was shit. Goodnight.

You have to do a Glampire tutorial for us :) #strandedinnewyork #sandy

This bish Sandy tryna hold me back! *ross voice*

Dear Sandy, you can go ham all week, but Tuesday you gotta chill. It's a playoff game and you better not fuck that up

I used to have a dog name Sandy and every time they made me walk the dog I let it loose hoping it would never come back. this is karma.

Seems apropos as this bitch is about to hit the Jersey Shore. #sandy #instacane

FYI -- Hurricane Sandy is an anagram for Anarchy Insured

Sandy Can Give A Mean Blowjob

CNN Breaking News - Hurricane Sandy is some 485 miles south-southeast of New York City packing winds of 75 mph. - giddy up!

Scary hurricane. Stay safe all you east coast peeps.

Soooo BOTH of my supervisors called to check in on me and told me not to come in tomorrow (#Sandy) but I feel like I should

I use to think those hurricane tweets were funny, but then I realized that it was a real hurricane..

THERES A OFFICIAL HURRICANE SASSY WIKIPEDIA PAGE  live on

Dang, I've never seen more #thirsty! He is ready to go out in a hurricane to have coffee with haha!

I want winter to come, this hurricane sandy shit is making me antsy for winter. even though i know its most likely bs. #snowboarderproblems

real talk , when this hurricane stuff is over I hope everyone will be ok .

Stay safe hope Sandy isn't a bitch to you guys!

We Gonna Need U To Suck The Hurricane Up. Dtfl.

cant believe i have school during a hurricane including a half hour drive #winning

I need to go to party city but this dam hurricane is ruining it .. You scared ? I want to be with someone and just eat..

At least when hurricane irene came me and could sing come on irene with our flashlight headgear to eachother.. Sandy is just boring

Learned how to swim this summer so bring it sandy!

She probably secretly hoping Hurricane Sandy take me out the game so she can have my TV. SMH

My mom made me go get these lol. #CasualtiesOfHurricaneSandy #StreetSigns #HurricaneSandy #Hurricane #WindyA

Idk if i can take this much longer FUCK YOU SANDY

I wish the could have a big sleepover for tomorrow's hurricane and just get fucked up lmao

Little breezy out there tonight and no I'm not talking about chris brown's left hook. #sandy

Sandra Endo from #CNN doing a great job covering #Sandy from Marylanda!! #nyc #Sandy #hurricane #myjob #repo

Like out of a movie. MT Times Square NEVER closes. This photo shows empty station after closure. #Sandy

#ToMyFutureSon you probably wont exist because hurricane sandy is going to turn me into a fossil.

Is this hurricane actually going to come to kitchener

wow sandy is such a big bad hurricane

Thanks to hurricane sandy don't have to take a health test tomorrow! #noschool !!

last year was a blizzard, this year a wyld hurricane. next fest I expect a new volcano to erupt in the northeast.

(WV) FIRST SNOW OF THE SEASON TONIGHT THROUGH WEDNESDAY MORNING .HURRICANE SANDY WILL MERGE WITH A DEEPENING

I know Priorities USA already has an ad in the hopper showing hurricane destruction with Romney saying he'd cut FEMA.

People are really making hurricane pages now.. what are you doing with your life?

how about a tweet for us east coasters about to get hit with this hurricane #Sandy

To those in Sandy's path, please be safe! I hope the hurricane subsides quick. It's going to be a wild one.

when hurricane sandy done i guess hurricane spongebob gonna come. #Wackjoke

That's what you think, this is an actual picture of the hurricane!

~looks over at him with scared eyes~ #sandy

Why is it called #hurricaneSandy????? Is it a sand hurricane or wat?

Prayers go up for those bracing for the impact of Hurricane Sandy along the East Coast.

Im sikk as shit n I wanna be hungry but I cnt eat Mo kill (hurricane gleetchi)

30 mph winds at Ocean City Municipal Airport, 1 inch of rain today w much more to come on both accounts #sandy

Yes, I care about the BCS. Win The Day. But right now let's focus good thoughts for our East coast friends/family. #Sandy #goDucks

If you are in the path of Hurricane Sandy, stay safe and dry. Bless you. #Friendsofricki

What's the difference between a hurricane and Mitt Romney?  One blows with devastating force, and the other is a hurricane.

StarsSoft Approaching Sandy shuts down transit, flights - Washington Post: ABC NewsApproaching Sandy shuts down

If anything is going to knock #homeland or #sandy off trending topics, its that version of God Bless America sung on W

Dear East Coast buckle up  stay safe as we let Sandy cruise by. #HurricaneSandy,

To all my friends and family in the northeast, which pretty much sums up everyone I know, be safe and not stoopid in this weather #sandy

time to sleep, Hurricane Sandy from space  via

oh em geehurricane sandy slumber partyyyyy

Who needs Big Go'ment helping people after a hurricane when a for-profit corporation can do it for so much more $?! #GOPnuts

i wish the hurricane would just come already !

Nopee(: Its just the hurricane that's causing the storms, but it isn't serious enough for us to stay homee

US Stock Futures Fall as Investors Brace for Hurricane - Businessweek (blog)

I doubt hurricane was high on Jim Russell's reasons for locating in LA, but it looks extra smart this week.

Yeah the hurricane sandy tweets have gotten weak tbh

yea, almost threw him outside and let Sandy take care of him

only if you snuggle with me and protect me from the hurricane

Looks like hurricane sandy is the October lol

Sleeping over Michael's so we can protect each other from this crazy chic Sandy.  street)

At work makin up my own drinks ~hurricane sandy~

Work in the am !! My job don't GAF about this hurricane

XemSays(.)com | Trapped In The Basement With My Boo During Hurricane Sandy -  new short story

all I care about is my phone having power and my house not floating away. #sandy #truth

Google Puts Android Event on Hold Due to Hurricane Sandy -

Hurricane Sandy you have our attention!

Hurricane Sandy is how we pregame Miami #Frankenstorm

how are things in NYC now? Have you been evacuated? #Sandy

Dear Hurricane Sandy, could you please just randomly hit Clay County just enough to where we couldn't have school. #InMyDreams

I'm looking for a meteorologist to come on the air and set me straight on #sandy. Somebody's GOTTA know a meteorologist. Get at me.

If Sandy knocks power out in the general area of anywhere in the east I'm going to really regret only following East Coasters on here

#hurricane Madi don't need a sub, it ain't no thang. hahahaha I laughed so hard.

Only thing making this #sandy bullshit worth it Is chillin wit the work bros at the hotel!

Lindsay Lohan's Hurricane Sandy tweet. Just, why?  via

Hurricane Sandy set a record, surpassing 1996 Hurricane Lili as the 2nd largest Atlantic storm in 24 years, says Christian Science Monitor.

Real friends are friends who get you freaked out about a hurricane you were really calm about Thanks.

Calm your ish. The hurricane isn't hitting until Tuesday. #westillhaveschooltomorrow

Yeah, but how would The Governor handle #Sandy? Huh? Tell me that. #TheWalkingDead

Felt like I was nesting all day. I cooked, cleaned , washed etc. except  we're expecting a hurricane, not a baby #Sandy

it is the perfect hurricane wine party food!

A nigga was tryin ball today but Sandy fucked dat up

I feel like sandy is just fucking with our brains right now

all good here #chillin watching #twc to see where exactly #Sandy is. Be safe hun!

No no. Don't start messing with lights, Sandy!

we stealing kids when a hurricane rey hit ? foh !

Wow, stock markets closed tomorrow! I think this is the first unscheduled closing of the market since 9/11!? #sandy $$

Me ndd Asia really gone run outside wen the hurricane come

whats everyone doing besides waiting for Sandy ??? lol

Got the supplies to spend the next few days at home with or without power. Did not have to tackle any old ladies at Fairway to do so. #Sandy

Voting on which movie to watch next ?#sandy #bestroommates #27dresses

#sandy I will be looking for you tomorrow, hope you allow me to grab some epic photos of you. No doubt you are a nasty one bitch #photolife

Willyp heads be looking for any reason to get drunk Oh class cancelled hurricane coming.. Who going to get the bottles lol

#LRT Sandy is a bad bitch, she's starting to fuck up AC and the bitch hasn't even arrived yet!

According to my calculations, Hurricane Sandy appeared on the Jerry Springer Show 34 times.

Sandy was supposed to start from tonight

classes are cancelled in NY due to the hurricane, i think thats definetly a good enough excuse to cancel classes in TO, this rain is to much

I would build a tower of cards in those Sandy winds #HurricaneNoobs

REMINDER: Due to Hurricane Sandy, Hubway will be closed temporarily from 10am Mon, Oct 29 until conditions improve #StayTuned #StaySafe

Lmao RT Sandy must be black cause that bitch running late

First New York victim of hurricane: The box of Triscuts I bought 4 hours ago

this storm should be called hurricane WaldoHAHA GET IT?! I MEAN WHERE IS IT?! lolseriously though

Im actually really scared for this hurricane..its finally hit me how terrible this is going to be

sandy comming for all of us NIGGGGGGA.

HEY SANDY YOUR A FLAT LESBIAN FUCK ON DIZZZZZ #idgaf

check your Dm's boiii, this might be the last time I tweet you bcuz the hurricane will turn the power offff

They gon see how Louisiana feel w/ this mf hurricane !

Is CNN serious with putting the smallest person ever on live hurricane coverage? SHE'S GOING TO BLOW AWAY!

Hurricane #Sandy you ain't nothing but a tropical storm bitch

If your watching the weather channel This storm is going to be crazy #sandy

So where is this so called hurricane sandy? Or is it waiting for an invitation?

get off the streets a hurricane is coming lol

hurricane sandy? hurricane BLANDY whatupppp

Apparently the only way we can invent the future is by having classes during a hurricane

These northeners worryin bout  this baby hurricane psssh this is nothing  (*o*)/ #BringIt

I hope that you and your family are staying safe during hurricane Sandy and any storms caused by it. :)

My brother is so annoying. His ass is going to get pushed into a hurricane tomorrow. #justwatch haha

#HurricaneSandy #Sandy can you RT this? If you need Hurricane Sandy Tracking, Use Hashtag dirtydan #dirtydan

Hurricane sandy coming my waygood thing im a swimmer #tooyoungtodie :/ #scared

QUICK!!!! EVERYBODY PANIC!!!!! Theres a hurricane coming!  -__-

me too. I just need something out of the ordinary lol. Like running around outside in a hurricane. Might do it.

PRIME conditions in NYC for the NYC Marathon a week from today. #Sandy #flooding #destruction #lifethreatening THIS SHOULD BE FUN

Parental advice: fill your Tupperware with water. What Tupperware? #sandy

so there is a child abduction alert going on while there is a hurricane. really maryland. really

Now for some revision and Hurricane Sandy watching before

All my very best wishes to my family and friends on the Eastern Seaboard as the anticipate Sandy's landfall.

kitten on KITTgoodness this hurricane just got second priority.

hey Mr. President and Mr. Romney, you know what the Detroit auto industry DOESN'T fix?  climate change.  #thanksforthehurricane #sandy

Sandy's gonna wreck DC though, I think someone in DC said Texas was dumb. :P

Feeling pretty sleepy, I pray everyone makes it through the Sandy peace, love, hope to all goodnight.

God bless and protect those who are in hurricane Sandy's path

Nope! Sandy won't let me

1. Hurricane Sandy2. Generator3. Turn The Lights On

Praying everyone on the East stays safe from Hurricane Sandy. God Bless and stay close to friends and family.

Finally announced that my office is closed tomorrow. More anxious than everyone else who seems to be celebrating a day off. #sandy

Korys mom should be a hurricane cuz she blows and had a sandy pussy

I like how EDT Twitter seems to be mostly people bored about the hurricane not hitting fast enough to amuse them.

These Hurrican Sandy accounts are starting to drawl. #Chill

make tons of hurricane sandy tweets with me until we hit tweet limit!

I'm ready to go Lt. Dan on Sandy and ride this bitch out from the crows nest #forrestgump

This declaration allows Connecticut to request federal funding and other assistance in advance of #Sandy's impact on the

forgot about the election. Haha too excited about the hurricane

Clearly this guy has been in a hurricane or two. #Sandy #stayprotected #wrapitup

Powerful jet stream is just about to *capture* Sandy and pull the storm west toward NJ. Landfall is just over 24 hours aw

BREAKING #Climate Change News: NYSE to close U.S. markets, NASDAQ to close all U.S. equity and derivatives exchanges Monday. #Sandy

There's a hurricane happening and we all could die, so GET LAID TONIGHT

Hillstone is staying open during the hurricane.  Just thought you should know.

an I'm really scared cause we r in the path of the hurricane

A hurricane comes and everyone decides to tweet about the future. Cool.

We'll be quiet for awhile as some followers need to use Twitter for info on Frankenstorm (Sandy). In our prayers.

good thing you'll have a day or two since of #sandy

Hurricane or not I'm getting my ass to the gym tom lol

How's it going? Are you in the mandatory evac zone? #Sandy

Gotta open at work tomorrow in the middle of Sandy's orgasm.

Praying for my Brother as he  his team from AmerenUE headed to the East Coast this wkend for 2 wks to help rtn power from damage of #Sandy

WHERE THE FUCK IS THE RAIN!! SANDY HASN'T SQUIRTED

are we going live tomorrow despite that bitch Sandy?

It's only a Cat 1 so chill the fuck out. #Sandy

lmao yea imma run sandy the fuck over! Haha

This hurricane sandy crap is getting super annoying

Has anyone notices that Hurricane Sandy's path will form the letter S just sayin   #HurricaneSandy #halloween #Creepy

Thoughts  prayers w/ my fellow East coasters, Hurricane Sandy. I'm in Richmond VA. They're predicting power outages, flooding, snow #faith

The weather during a fall hurricane in the north east is surprisingly serene.

It'll be so cool if sandy from bikini bottom was controlling the hurricane

Be safe every one in the range of that Hurricane building up

Praying that God put a protective hedge around the cities that maybe in the path of Hurricane Sandy

Spending Sandy w. My bestfriend lol

I'm gonna pray for the ppl on the East Coast.Hurricane Sandy is coming.be safe, leave your homes if you have to, I hope

Boy,I sure am glad climate change is a hoaxyeah right.#sandy

Sandy must party pretty hard. I bet you anything she likes to get twisted #badumtsss

If I see a skeleton flying past my window tomorrow should I call 911? #Sandy #SmashingPumpkins

Lehigh Valley, East Coast await Sandy's arrival  #fb

Apparently Sandy sure knows how to clear out a room. An EMPTY Grand Central Terminal;  via

with 90 mph winds Sandy is gonna give me the best blow job I'll ever get

Hurricane Sandys tweets are so funny omg

Had a teacher once that told us to put a spoon under our pillows to get a snow day do I put a straw for a hurricane?

Sandy has resulted in the best group sleepover

Hate i how everyone is reblogging the hurricane sandy jokes, the hurricane is real, it's affecting real lives, don't get how that is funny.

If power goes out cause of this hurricane and I get tomorrow off I'm drinking all day

Praying for my friends and fam all along the east coast.please stay safe and take all precautions it's a different breed of hurricane

I feel like its my duty to protect all the females from this hurricane so come through to the crib. We'll cuddle and watch the notebook.

the factt everybdy nt thinkin bout theblizzard we havin along wit the hurricane

Might want to wait until after Sandy ;).

Okay mom. It's a hurricane, not a fucking Nuke. Chill out.

Wow this hurricane ruined all my plans!! t(-_-t)

or hurricane bin laden sounds even better

It's funny how we're all hoping for a hurricane rather than having to go to school tomorrow

I know sandy is a problem for a lot of friends traveling to #emsworldexpo but it got me an extension made necessary by lack of wifi.

I Hope These DumbFucks Know We Can't Have a Natural Hurricane.-.-

good luck! We're trying to do everything in our power to get to Nashville! But #Sandy isn't cooperating :(

I guess your all loosing your house tonight .I just paged sandy on the pager all cray she's comin for y'all niggas

NUEVO MAPA DE TRAYECTORIAS EMPUJA A SANDY A TOCAR TIERRA (SU CENTRO) LUNES A LA MEDIA NOCHE

my college is closed tomorrow due to the hurricane coming. im from Pittsfield MA.

I know, but there are no signs of a storm or hurricane or anything right now. And you said you'd text me!

Sooooo. Guess we just wait? #EastCoast #philly #Sandy

like a motherfucking hurricane is happening in our own city and were celebrating cause ur not going to school for a day? FUCK OUTTA HERE

lil mouse told me you wanted to drink n hang out 2nite but wudnt come over.. #disappointed but fuck Sandy tomorros anotha day

Praying that God protects my family from Sandy!

From: Ebony Hairiswatido LessierWith hurricane Sandy approaching, Let's start the biggest prayer chain!!! We

It's poppin in here! #Harlem sure knows how to Hurricane Party! Come on through! We are definitely up :) CHEERS!

Of course things can escalate, but I've been in a hurricane before. I've experienced all the stuff they're describing briefly on the news

I coulda went out today but this hurricane is taking its sweet ass time. -.-

all the hurricane sandy accounts are so repetitive that even the funniest tweet isn't funny anymore.

hurricane on east coast n it worst then acouple years ago

Sext: I loved that last tweet about something other than the fucking hurricane. I'm going to bed.

Sandy is going to kick some ass

Alright people enough with the hurricane parody accounts

I remember last time there was a tropical storm/hurricane, I saw a shrimp in the street.

Sandy done made folk go bankrupt

Well dagum, freaking hurricane sandy makin a racket outside #AintNoBodyGotTimeForThat

Finna make this sandy chick everyones talking about my bitch

Ok hurricane #sandy if your coming to Ontario, work better be cancelled this week

Although everything is closed tomorrow, it appears that Sandy doesn't hit NYC until 2am Tuesday. Will it still be a shit show on Moday?

tripping threw hurricane sandy.. this should be fun

It's called hurricane sandy but there's really nothing sandy about it it's windy and rainy #ok

hurricane sandy is afraid that I'll kick her ass so she's not coming

omg sandy i'm right here you don't need to shout GAWD

National Guard mobilizes; MTA shuts down service; residents prepare for Sandy: As more than 1,000 National Guard

If anyone has meteorology with mr. Ziemba, youre never gonna hear the end of hurricane sandy #havefun #hestoocutedoe

Fuck Dat Bitch SANDY She Aint Bout Dat Life

bouta make sure my phone is fully charged when this hurricane come n shit.

If you are in #Sandy path Pls check on your friends, neighbors, sick and elderly. Also go to  for local updates. RT

I'm waiting for #Sandy sexy self to come I KNO her thang SUPA WET!!

NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hurricane Sandy will likely cause financial headaches for U.S. airline

YES. this. If you drink it fast enough sandy wont bother you at all!

Carly said if she gets blown away by sandy then she's gonna be twerkin in the wind with her #icant

If My Hair Ain' Done  We Gt School Tuesday They Gone Think Hurricane Sandy Took Me W/ a 'cause I Ain' Goin !

The most ominous WX GIF I have seen yet on #Sandy. Shows how the storm will get cranked up for direct hit on NYC:

The only hurricane that ever brought joy into someone's life was #HurricaneChris #AyBayBay

Bye!! I can't go to sleep, Theres a hurricane coming!!! I can't sleep!

S/O to all the hurricane peeps overnight, stay safe over there. #sandysabitch

Chicago: the New East Coast. MT Goodnight, Sandy. Wild view from space Terrifying Frankenstorm

I wonder if Hurricane Sandy is posting on Foursquare?

Me and Sandy about ta Go Light up so she can chill out

sandy come faster and destroy ottawa so i can move to cali

US states begin storm shutdown: President Obama warns Americans to take Hurricane Sandy seriously, as t  #webyeti

cant download porn when the hurricane blows out the electricity lol

I don't understand why this kid is mad that i don't want to hangout tmm like ummmm there's a hurricane going on homie

Thought for my good friend Caroline in New york !!! Hope #Sandy does not create too much havoc!!

Someone talk to me during this hurricane  #nervous

im kinda hoping  this hurricane is something exciting to watch #kindabored

Mom told me to fill up the sinks and runs with water in case we can't flush the toilet tomorrow #sandy

will hurricane sandy be the beginning of 2012? will we all die? stay tuned.

I need a hurricane girlfriend. Once the trees stop swaying you gotta get the fuck out tho

In 98, I stood outside in the middle of the night for the eye of the storm in perfectly eerie silence during Hurricane Bonnie.

2 bottles and  6 beers we running in the am rain or sandy

Sandy storm is unique because the MSM can distract from Obama polls.

When you think about it, Hurricane Chris's career lasted just as long as a hurricane. #SuitableName

-kisses each of you on the cheek and hides you from the hurricane-

About all that needs to be said Bring on #sandy

Warn people about a hurricane and all of a sudden it's the apocalypse. Like no. This shit happens. It's nature. Shutup. A

Who's this sandy chick everyone's talking about?

The hurricane isn't supposed to hit until tomorrow evening.

and in a subtweeting war? I blame Hurricane Sandy :(

Photo: Hurricane Situations Baba+Dijon+Gardner#catherinebaba#jamesgardnerctg

Sandy decided not to Come nomoreee because Spongebob giving her some DICK .

much love from NY during #Sandy

Being in a hurricane 2 times in 2 months. Not real.

I really don't want Hurricane Sandy to flood my garage and ruin the race cars. Take my Nissan shithole instead!

Yo when sandy hit ima go M.I.A on my survivor shit ima try and make fire in my basement wit some wood a one match lmao

Just watched a movie with bae 3 Awaiting Hurricane Sandy  GoodNight Lovesss ..

Whelp this hurricane is gonna have me under the weather for a while

SANDY WHY YOU RUINING MY LIFE! NOT A SINGLE BAR IS OPEN WITHIN 5 miles! DAMN DAMN DAMN! And the keg is kicked at my house! #LimeRitaItIs

are loving hurricane Sandy!They get a pass for not covering Benghazi.Sandy news, anytime/all the time!Gotta love a distraction

Somebody just turned the wind up to eleven. #sandy

I liked a video  I got something for you Hurricane Sandy

have yet to see any tweets or editorials claiming #Sandy caused by climate change. perhaps Climate change crowd waiting

Hope Hurricane Sandy does not cause any casualties!! God Bless America!!

Blizzard Warning for the highest elevations of West Virginia   western Virgina through Wednesday afternoon. #Sandy

sandy in da way of ma bread likeeee

Common sandy work you magic I want to wake up to a flood and a call from doc saying its closed!

When asks me to live through the hurricane with her tomorrow. #LongLostSisterProbs #Hoping

Eff Hurricane Sandy, Team Hurricane SpongeBob all the way!

Fuck hurricane sandy, her ass needs some nuts.

ppl gettin on my nerves bout Hurricane Sandy dang ik she cummin i c i on the news ppl need 2 stop bein the weather man

Whoever made that hurricane sandy page CLEARLY has no life and gets no pussy

They should name hurricanes with black people names. I'd be terrified of hurricane Shanaynay. shaniqua jaja

Fuckin World Seriesgonna have me at work until 1 am and I have to work tomorrow thanks to Sandy cant win for shit lol

I love my family so much #bring it sandy

Is hurricane sandy doin damage in D.C

National Guard responds to Hurricane Sandy, monitors tsunami  EndTheLie News

We at WSP have all lived in New York at some point - this is beyond eerie. Stay safe everyone! via  #sandy

Sooooooooo  When is this hurricane suppose too hit ??

If you asked me how exactly a hurricane worked I'd probably mumble some incoherent bullshit then try and change the subject

Hallright! So apparently there could be a chance this hurricane screws up my flights as well D; PLEASE DONT

US stock markets to close on Monday due to hurricane   #stockmarket #stocks #stockaction

Yooo After This Fake Ass Sandy Shit We Gotta Link Up B

Dear Heavenly Father Please Protect Us And Keep Everyone Safe During And After Hurricane Sandy. Amen

Will Sandy Add Another Twist to Tight Race?

Okay back to the Weather Channel Goodnight all ;-)Waiting for #Sandy

The soundtrack that they have on the news for Sandy's bitch ass is so creepy.

Niggas sleeping on Sandy when y'all wake up floating in the ocean don't say nothing

Niggas play on your phone  shit ! Sandy coming tf ! Chill till AFTER the storm lol

Waiting out Hurricane Sandy with the one  only Hurricane Fresh

We urge everyone to take advice and let your family and friends know where you are as #sandy approaches. Stay safe!

im sitting home. drinking. highh. bored cause theres a bitch outsie named sandy;. im waiting for her

Hurricane Sandy survival kit: several packs of hi-chews, several bottles of wine, Netflix  trap god mixtape.

all these Yankees on thinking they're gonna die from hurricane Sandy, it's only a category 1 lol

Sandy you are letting me down hoe.

Adele can you set fire to hurricane sandy plz

Hurricane Sandy: View From Above - Interactive Feature -   Can't stop staring at this.

Hey look on the bright side, thanks to the #NHLLockout Bettman doesn't have to cancel any hockey games due to Hurricane #Sandy.

From the vantage point of 22,300 mi above the Earth, Sandy on October 28, 2012, from 7:15 to 6:26 EDT.  #Sandy #NY #NJ

#sandy is causing huge delays on my campaign trail to the office tomorrow

stay safe and out of Hurricane Sandy's way - frightening to see satelite pics Monster Storm Targets East

I was just reminded I don't have a baseball bat in my hurricane preparedness kit.

he just changes his name all the time aguywithnolife is same dude who was hurricane Irene last yearWho is he trying to kid

Raising a pray for our Family in #NYC during #Sandy

What does #Sandy mean for the Daily Show? #therealquestion

An extra night in Pittsburghat least Sandy's good for something :)

I need to be in some pussy during this hurricane ..

Hurricane Sandy got bitches blowin for days.

#Sandy Starts - This was the scene at the Spy House Museum in Port Monmouth, NJ  #mybxb

All we need is John Travolta and that Rizzo bitch to calm Sandy down. #thankyou

Dear hurricane sandy ,  please go to all girls who played such a faithful guy and go to the guys who played a faithful perfect girl !

I need superman or someone to come fly to my house and take me to a non hurricane affected place.. #Comegetme!

This is really a bad time to call the eavestrough install/repair folk, innit? Because we have a few issues #frankenstorm #sandy

have not twisted my hair at all. perhaps I'm thinking I don't have work due to #Sandy. I'm suffering from disassociative landlock envy.

#flickr #explore Hurricane Sandy: Conor Harrigan has added a photo to the pool:Got out of work, did a quick s

SF Giants win their 2nd World Series in 3 years. Great pitching wins championships.  I hope Sandy Alderson is paying attention.

To all my Potterhead friends (and everyone) in the path of Hurricane Sandy, you are in my prayers. -Narcissa-

If this bxtch sandy do come crazy ima be one lonely soul smh

If sandy doesn't flood the school tomorrow I'm going to be sea salty:D sea what I did there#BudumpTssss #ButReally #IWillBeSalty

The only thing freaking me out about this hurricane is wondering if I'll be able to go to the supermarket tomorrow.#INeedFoodPeople!!

Out Of All The Hurricane Names #Sandy Had To Be A Fuckin Hurricane Name.

you're ganna get hit by a hurricane in ny lol

My little nephew keeps asking me 'wheres Sandy?' I hope he don't think its that bitch from SpongeBob

ughhh just want sandy to take her ass back to the beaches

College football: 20 questions worth pondering: Remarkably, even though hurricane season is still not over, the

I Been Waitin On Sandy Since 8 O'clock Clearly The Bitch Ain't About What She Hyped Up To Be

Getting one last pipe tobacco smoke in before #sandy has her way with the east coast

Some people happy about this hurricane cause it cancelled school .. But they don't stop and think for a sec about those wh

TID Update: NYSE And NASDAQ To Close Down On Monday And Possibly Tuesday Due To Hurricane Sandy

The university loves you so much they're letting you teach during a cancellation! #Sandy

US airlines cancel flights, hotels book up before hurricane: New York: Hurricane Sandy will likely cause financi

Bedtime! Goodnight everyone! And brace yourself for Sandy tomorrow!

I'm going to stay up late and really appreciate my television. #sandy #pregame

oh look, now we are in the hurricane path

To everyone who's near Hurricane Sandy, BE SAFE! IF YOU HAVE TO, YOU CAN COME STAY AT MY HOUSE! :D

I Heard Sandy REAL Wet tonight, Im tryna Hit

Hurricane Sandy Superstorm Update 11pm Advisory - YouTube

is there actually a hurricane coming cuz it hasnt rained in like 3 hours now

I want a New York hurricane too.

Sandy is still mad at spongebob for waking her up while she was in hibernation

I wonder if hurricane sandy was made by sandy cheeks I mean it was formed In the ocean 0.o #mindfuck

I remember when that one hurricane hit us oh wait

Playing the Hurricane Sandy drinking game with  We are either going to die from Sandy or alcohol poison

There's hurricane every months and its the first time that i hear that much of itso my feelings are the same

sleeping ALL day tommorow , through that hurricane ( :

Sandy ain't gone do nothing..

plus #sandy going to make people houses going without power lol

sooo hurricane Sandy you better bring my husband with you ! you hear me!!!!  oh Patrick too  k thanks 3

What if someone's angry ex-girlfriend came back as hurricane sandy ;oo

Feel I should RT some from the Hurricane Sandy account before things get tragic and it stops being funny.

2 concerns: 1. I just filled my tub - the water has a green tinge. 2. I looked outside. the sky is scary. #Sandy

Another from this morning. Calm before the storm. #sandy  House

Did The HAARP Project Cause Hurricane Sandy? (Weather Modification):  via

I wish I could see the OD right now in the hurricane weather

Ha, Twitter. We're all fighting about 20 different things right now. Settle down, a hurricane's gonna kill most of us soon.

Hearing sirens in #hoboken now. Hopefully the flooding hasn't already caused more issues #Sandy

R.I.P. to the Chegg. Sandy's about to make the ludicrous challenge her bitch

I didn't see your tweet until now. Are you ready for Sandy?

I know how I'll be spending my days during this hurricane listening to and watching covers :) 3

GN East Coasters. Rest your weary heads. #hurricane

US stock markets, including the New York Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq will be closed for trading Monday due to Hurricane Sandy

idk, let me call up sandy and ask her

Now taking bets for when the first zealot issues a press release stating that #Sandy is shaped like a fetus. Any takers?

US EMPLOYMENT NEWS Hawaiian Airlines cancels New York flights due to Hurricane Sandy (bizjournals)  follow warren today

I hope Hurricane Sandy leaves my momma alone..

HURRICANE SANDY SHOULD ATTACK ROMNEY HOUSE ! LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

Gotta make sure my laptop  phone are fully charged for tomorrow, just in case this sandy bitch really about that life. Lol

Sea bright, sandy hook, long branch, highlands, AH, etc are all fucked.  Not 9Leonard though.  #chuckstrong

What happens to all the homeless people when there's a hurricane?

//t.co/KjWck61u #Frankenstorm #Sandy timeline and benchmarks Retweet plz! #WSAZ

I'd rather have a hurricane with snow than rain.

HI MISS P! IN NYC GETTING READY 4 #SANDY! oxo

Can someone mash Philip Glass remixed with this super eerie time lapse animation of #Sandy?

My thoughts and prayers go out to our frinds in the path of Hurricane sandy . (Huda + Abeer +Noora be safe)

Wrapping up in #batteryparkcity.  Good night and be safe.  See you with #Sandy tomorrow!

No work tomorrow afternoon because of sandy. Now my classes just need to be canceled and I won't need to fear death tomorrow.

Being stuck inside Henley during a hurricane leads to video games and shenanigans with #AwkwardGirls

RFT Goodnight I'm going to bed sleepy af  I hope I don't end up in Miami or some crap cause of the hurricane

fuck you want me to go play with sandy? staying in the house #HELLO

Why does Hurricane Sandy have a twitter page!? Ppl are so crazy

Imma dead ass sleep all day if Sandy really come. If not I'm going to Yoga class tomorrow night.

Hey just wondering if you are safe? Sure hope so! Sandy looks like a wild women. Be safe.

great thanks pal,I'm in Florida so Sandy's passed us,driving to the Keys for a week tmoz.

I like your twitcon. But umm no I had left on Friday. Idk what to expect from this hurricane tho but as of now I'm not scared.

Even if Sandy comes and tries to kill us all, me and Claire are still going trick or treating.

We're all laughing right now cause sandy didnt show up , but tomorrow we gonna wake up to the meanest storm

Idk what I was thinking texting in that hurricane lmao my phone was doneeee

I Wonder How My Dad Feels About This Hurricane Considering He Doesn't Go Past 3ft In a Pool.

No cable  all I want 2watch is aka The Silver Fox tell me #Sandy is gonna be Manageable. Is streaming? ?

My mom brought this over the weekend. I say this is enough provision for a hurricane

NASA satellite view of #Hurricane #Sandy super cyclone

If the power goes out because of damn hurricane sandy before I hear little things, IMMA FUCK UP THIS WHOLE NEIGHBORHOOD SO GET OUT MA WAY

I know! I keep looking out the window like, umm where's sandy?

Hurricane Sandy: Rare NYSE, Nasdaq Closing Monday For Damaging Storm: What will be in focus when tomor  Forbes EU

Zombies until this bitch sandy comes

New York gets hit by hurricane sandy tomorrow :s

watching the day after tomorrow to prepare for the hurricane in nyc

This hurricane makes me want something in the west coast haha.

Phrases associated with Hurricane Sandy: Life Threatening.  Unprecedented.

i hope this hurricane tears mcmahon dining hall to pieces. and im gonna day-drink tomorrow with

How does a twitter page called hurricane Sally got over 100k followers ?! Oh lord.

Live images of Manhattan, updated every 60 seconds, from the 51st floor of the NYTimes building as #sandy approaches http

Everyone who doesn't have school tomorrow is so lucky. My school will still be open while the hurricane eats us all alive.

Hurricane sandy is in VA beach and that's like 2hrs away from my place .Lord help US

Hurricane Sandy already has surpassed Hurricane Lili in 1996 as the second largest Atlantic storm in 24 years of

Real NYers only care about Dunkin Donuts. What's the story there? #Sandy

Ready for hurricane Sandy. Popcorn, chips, cake, tea and some seeds.

Campbell Soup $CPB, and Nucor $NUE generally went up ( all the times) in the next one month after a big hurricane #fyi

Hurrican #Sandy is Obama conjuring up the fury of the nature deities while giving a stiff middle finger to Wall St. and Donald Trump.

Sandy and Molly at the same damn time..

Soo the hurricane is gonna come tonight .. Meaning monday night.

Here comes Sandy!!! Wish us all luck#hurricanesandy

Sandy where the Fuck are you? I don't want class! #HurryUpGirl

I'll just cry myself to sleep.. Take me away Sandy, just take me away.

Roll up another. This ones for Sandy.

#Hurricane Sandy forces hospitals to seek out #blood supplies

A bunch of sell-side shops just released reports related to Hurricane #sandy trying to sift throu for interesting ones

Must READ THIS! Hurricane Sandy: Rare NYSE, Nasdaq Closing Monday For Damaging Storm

i gonna run for half an hour just to feel hurricane sandy lol #CrazyShit

Ill Beats That'll Make ya ears tickle.www, or  #WishMyCarHad #Sandy #7HoursOfHell #ClubTwitter

im most deff going to create a hole in my room and stay in there during the hurricane. lol and leo is stuck in NChahahah

so i thought this hurricane was supposed to be bad. theres only like rain and a little wind.

If youre gonna run out into Sandy, just take all your hardrives with you. You'll get 70 virgins in heaven if you do. (I read

Looks like I'll be playing a LOT of gin rummy with  And playing with all the toys from Marbles. #Sandy #PowerOut #DE

oh yeah I forgot Sandy can't hold chu back!!

Lmaoo I knowww :'[ talk about #thestruggle I can't even call 911 in case sandy decides to be a beach (;

Russ and I are already using the hand crank #radio #sandy #hurricane #hurricanesandy

So u take my Spare key On da Low n dip Off n a Storm #Good Hopefully Sandy Kills u B4 I Do Nigga

The fact that people are making jokes about hurricane #sandy is sick. Umm..New York has a right to freak out..we don

Northeast braces for scary superstorm Sandy

#news Northeast braces for scary superstorm Sandy: By Jennifer Peltz and Allen G. Breed Associated Press Comment

Barack Obama has signed an emergency declaration for #NewJersey  #Sandy

Nah. Just go outside in the hurricane.

Fuck a hurricane Sandy can kiss my cheeks!

Prepping for the arrival of #HurricaneSandy? Send us your stories. Email them to 6720  #Sandy

who knew we would be able to take a trip to the beach in a hurricane warning #findyourbeach

Since I'm in montreal what the update for hurricane sandy ????

praying for coveringprotection for youthe fam during #Sandy

These hurricane sandy tweets are terrible but hilarious #laughingtomyself

Aljazeera: New Yorkers evacuate city ahead of Hurricane Sandy

Factbox: Wall Street's plans for Hurricane Sandy: Wall Street firms were set to open with limited staffing on Mo

Hoosiers head into Sandy's path: Sunday night, drivers of a dozen emergency vehicles from Delaware Co  #fortwayne

I feel you BUT can you just work over time  let sandy come  go lol

WHAT TO DO!!!! via #philly Safety Guide: 11 things you should and shouldn't do during Hurricane Sandy

I kind of wish I lived in NY tonight so that I could have a hurricane to get me out of work for two days or so.

It'll be cool if The Game spotted a hurricane, since he's The Hurricane himself.

So..Apparently there is suppose to be a Hurricane near me and also I found out is not chilled and doesn't do chaod #WhatAWorld

Last year it was a snow storm this year it's a hurricane what's next an wart quake?

thanks for an amazing weekend girlllllllll. shouldnt of left. #Sandy

what to do durring a hurricane turn ur speakers up all the way and turn on some :D 3

Once-in-a-lifetime: The epic weather system behind the looming Frankenstorm  #hurricane #typhoon

Glad you made it back --and just in time before Sandy arrives!

Shit just got real! #Sandy eff you, I hate you and your very bad timing so much! #bananas #gone #hurricane #

Hurricane + Romney cutting FEMA = Bombshell. Terrorist attack + Obama cutting millions in defense funding = Meh #LapdogMedia

According to my parents I was born during a hurricane. I guess you can call meStormborn.

Wats up wit sandy lil dirty ass ?????

my fam bam on the eastcoast be safe hurricane sandy is coming

Hurricane Sandy tweets are pretty damn funny!! Keep em coming!!

I know one day if its not sandy we will get hit with a category 3, 4 or even 5. What are the chances in Boston?

Big Brother is such a terrible thing until you need Big Brother to save your ass #Sandy

Looks like that bitch Sandy is coming right for ya man. Stay safe  dry (for a change).

Weather channel says sandy making that curve right about now.

The hurricane just never makes it here. Damn. :) #wisconsinsolutions!!!

Not something you see every day! Hurricane Sandy heads for New Jersey shore. Good Luck to all in its path. Take Care!

BREAKING NEWS: Apple Maps says Hurricane Sandy will hit California beaches around midnight!

Watchin the news is STILL makin me sick . This upcoming hurricane is extremely scary !

tyrell the eye of the storm is the calmest part of the hurricane .. Dumbass

Let me go make somethin to eat before all power go out when this hurricane hit -_-

Markets closed and presidential campaign interrupted as US East Coast prepares for Hurricane Sandy

Hurricane sandy better be serious I don't see nothing yet

An updating Instagram gallery of Sandy images here  #sandy

I'm horny and miss . I hope he's not dead in that hurricane shit mess

Eyes low bout to pass out Tell that bishh sandy not to fux with me either! LolBe safe every1

I love the way is tweeting about the Hurricane. Like a story

Sandy really got ppl on iG blowin mine with this fxckin rate game. Have a seat

So sorry.  I blame the hurricane and booze.  Yes, fire him.  Fire him now.

The worst part of the hurricane is the northwest part  Yeah bitch .

Wow Sandy Irene makes you look like a bitch!

Haha Let's See What Sandy Got For Me  Omar

#Nw Hurricane Season til I KO

U.S. Stock Market to Close as Hurricane #Sandy Nears New York

You know it's a lil lonely with this hurricane and all.. ;)

US is expecting Sandy, it's worst hurricane ever, check its path in real time here

Had fun with the girls and the boys for this pre-hurricane weather But um. Tomorrow I ain't ready for.. Hope it isn't bad

Was just sent this pic from a friend in LBI. Someone save the chicken or the egg! My fav place on the island #sandy

For those who don't know its a Hurricane that's hitting on the east coast right now for the next 2 days!!! Philly is in a

#Sandy is the first hurricane that I  remember having my name. But we are always good, even when we are bad!! Prayers for all in her path!

Re: that last retweet- I've seen the damage a category 5 hurricane can do with a direct hit. FEMA is how we survive these things.

Some spectacular photos of #Sandy 's destructive path

everyone keep up to date with live tweets as the East Coast gets ravaged! #Sandy

Praying my fam in Atlantic city New Jersey going be safe during hurricane sandy

will close Monday due #Hurricane Sand: Chase Manhattan Plaza, Citigroup, Bank of America, Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley

Short update: we've just missed Sandy when we were landing (rough air though). Tomorrow will get worse

Playing fifa with the boys and eating good. Thank you hurricane sandy #blessed

I'm out of beer, there is no hurricane, and I'm bored out of my mind

Hope everyone on the East Coast is safe from FrankenStorm Hurricane Sandy. 'Cept for that one dude. He's an asshole.

I don't watch tv and I don't pay people attention on here so I been in the blind about the hurricane till now

If you don't live w ya boo ! Sandy's bumass is def messing up the flow

Last time New York stock exchange closed was in 1975, due to Hurricane Gloria #Sandy

Sandy can have my nuts :O

i don't think this fucking hurricane sandy bitch coming, realshit.

stfu about sandy u knopw for a fact once she gets here u gonna be bitchin

FInance Biz Journals Sandy shuts offices in Philadelphia, NYC, D.C.

Sandy n her bitches gonna flood the city

As someone who has never been through a hurricane, the Sesame Street rendition of hurricane preparedness is at my speed ht

Confirmation coming from the US that #NYSE and #NASDAQ will be closed all Monday due to Hurricane Sandy.Stay safe people. #forex #fx

Sandy has a sandy vagina LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL

lolol theyre talking about sandy.

sandy who? why isn't it raining yet? #hurricanesandy

Sandy is supposed to be here from Mon. (today) a.m. to Tues. around 8p.m

En wat Sandy details. Massive Hurricane Sandy building a huge and destructive storm surge

interestingly, I noticed it's listed in the Google News highlights for Sandy:

As #Sandy approaches, let's all be reminded that Romney/Ryan want to gut FEMA leaving states to fend for themselves:

getting ready to sail the great sandy hurricane

Huracan Sandy acercandose a New York : #Photo: Sandy approaches NYC   via

Night time tweeps. Sorry I can't see you all tomorrow. I have a date with some chick named Sandy.

Hows the weather in Charlotte, Be safe from Sandy

So sad Jill Biden had to cancel her trip to Johnstown! #Sandy

I'm currently building a hurricane bunker in my closet hahahaha

The NE is bracing for a level 1 hurricane. Stop laughing ppl from Florida and the golf coast, it's a big deal for us Yanks lol

Delta Airlines flights to/from US East Coast to be cancelled at least until mid-day Tuesday 30OCT12 #sandy

Sandy is producing tropical storm force winds 520 miles out from the center. This is an unusually large storm.

Be safe, Dara, and to everyone that's on Sandy's way

Adam the hall director can definitely light a butt in a hurricane. As a matter of fact he could probably light a butt under water

I just went through the hurricane in the Bahamas. I know how you feel. :(

Hurricane Sandy affecting Chicago travel and lakeshore: The main effect in the Chicago area could be flooding al

YO WE GOT A HURRICANE COMING UP SOON I DON'T HAVE ALL DAY GODDAMNIT

sooo these blunts and drinks for the night with my bitch Sandy

Atlantic City Resorts Casino Webcam Hurricane Sandy Timelapse Day 1

Crashing in Binghamton, NY (pop. 47,000) for the night before heading into NYC for the impact of Hurricane Sandy.

Awake! Awake! Only 53 days to the storm to end all storms. #goodluck #SANDY

SANDY BLEW THE LID OFF A GAY BAR CAUSE SHE CANT GET MAN TO BEGIN WITH

Need to make a hurricane pack I'm late. Candles,batteries. Tuna, a playstation network card,bacon, matches, baby oildetergent,bandaidsLiqs

All the food we brought for the hurricane party is gone on the first night -.-

Hurricane Sandy: 7,000 flights cancelled

IM INMY FOOTY PAJAMAS BUT IT'S STILL COLD. THANK GOD HURRICANE SANDYS COMING THROUGH CAUSE I DON'T HAVE SCHOOL TOMORROW

URAGANO SANDY, DA OGGI ALLERTA MASSIMA: CHIUSE SCUOLE E WALL STREET -FOTO/VIDEO  via

t-minus six hours til the first beatdown from Sandy.  i finiished all the pop tarts hours ago

DISRESPECT YOUR SURROUNDINGS. bring it on, sandy.

Mostofa hasan VIDEO: US states begin hurricane shutdown: President Barack Obama has warned   www.mostofahasan.blo

MT Relevant Organs don't entirely deny rumors our Weather Control Bureau aimed Sandy at New York as punishment for Wen story

Missing my brother from another mother now I'm here in jersey dealing with this bad bitch #sandy without u

well damn looks like hurricane horsecock aint gonna make it to cherryville

The trading floor is closed but electronic trading continues in #NewYork. 'Not even a hurricane can stop trading':

Cookie crisp and peanut butter.  i'ma ready for sandy #noclass #sleep

yahoo top stories_pro Sandy and storm surge pose 'worst case scenario'

#Sandy #DC area schools, colleges, universities closed Monday  #hmrd via

Wine workouts and worries tomorrow. The 3 W's with my chicasss before we die from sandy.

Kilala mu? Hey answer Sandy :D

Soon? What does SOON mean to people on the other side of the pond?? Over here on the opposite side of The Hurricane soon is NOW!!!

hurricane hasn't hit yet thank u lord

MORNING NIALLER, CANT WAIT TO HEAR YOUR VOICE, IF HURRICANE SANDY DOESNT KILL MY LIGHTS. BUT YEAH HOLA HOW ARE YOU?

i love how grimmy is trending in america and hurricane sandy is trending in the uk ironic.

Oh god sandy is right outside my house GTFO

I completely forgot about the hurricane..SEE ALL THIS RANTING ABOUT PLAYING LITTLE THINGS MADE ME FORGET THE FACT TH

They let you hurricane for free? It must be good! #topical

If this fucking hurricane doesnt kill everybody and destroy the city then what will????

DO NOT put the lives of First Responders on the line. Follow 'Evacuation Orders' and respect the NYPD / FDNY. #Sandy h

CURLYIM IN THE MIDDLE OF A HURRICANE AT 3 AM TO LISTEN TO LITTLE THINGSNOW PLEASECLICKTHATFOLLOWBUTTONPLEASELOVE YOU!

VIDEO: Romney 'neck and neck' with Obama: Hurricane Sandy has disrupted campaign plans for both Pres  #autofollow

Sandy where is the chick. Ok she black so she late. Smh

..just saw that Sandy is gonna hit Jersey Shore Monday!!

Keep safe Faroos! Hear you after #Sandy goes away

Hurricane Sandy is 290 miles east of Cape Hatteras, North Carolina with winds of 75mph and is moving north at 14mph

I hope sandy don't come because I have a interview Tuesday I'm looking forward too.

Hurricane Sandy: Google launches crisis response map as storm heads for East Coast: Google has  #shopping#gadgets

Wow, it's really creepy not seeing anyone on the turnpike right now. #Sandy

#Hurricane Sandy:Singaporeans in distress, pls call 1-202-245-4629(Washington)/1-917-293-4540(NYC)/MFA Duty Office 63

Love how my Mum and Sister happen to go to NYC when a massive hurricane hits! #HowsYourLuck

Come on #Sandy at least try to flick some water over here

Lindsay Lohan leads stars making light of Hurricane Sandy over Twitter as it heads to New York

Significant river flooding likely for our entire area. #Sandy

When will the first crazy religious person interpret hurricane Sandy as a warning from God for tolerating abortion / gays / Obama?

Oil spill is the reason for the hurricane #dayaftertomorrow wait and see it'll all play out

Im Scared 'BROBRO ))-: this tha first time Clevelandd gone have a hurricane ?? WTF

no cliche shit, all my people out there on the east coast in the path of hurricane sandy, i hope you guys win this battle.

Sandy has officially hit.. the wind is suddenly catching speed

Tweet and Retweet were on a boat. Tweet, fell off, who was left? #Sandy

Hurricane Sandy is a sandy sandy hurricane #justsayin

#mornig to all people are Waiting for #Hurricane - Thirty Seconds To Mars -  TAKE CARE, STAY SAFE 3

Imma be getting my sleep during the hurricane since there's ain't gonna be no power

hoping Hurricane sandy passes the east coast, I got a lot of family and friends in out there, NYC,

are you still doing squawk box? #Sandy

When I wake up , this sandy bitch better be here  in action !

This is a pretty harsh hurricane. I don't even think it's raining right now

To all my followers on the US East Coast. Take care  stay safe #Hurricane #Sandy

New post: The ruble is stable in anticipation of employment and Hurricane in the U.S.

Wait. I take that back. Just heard something fall outside. #Sandy #tiedownpatiofurniture

Doing all your work before the power goes out  #sleepinalldaytomorrow #sandy

Hurricane Sandy: Emergency in US; 375,000 evacuated  #Sandy

#sandy This made me laugh for an entire 5 minutes. So hard that I woke Rachel up. XD

Sandy's just upset because she didn't have a One Direction to call her beautiful when she was growing up. #IFeelYouGirl

and sandy sounds like such a nice namelike something i might name a golden retriever

Two Air India flights delayed due to Hurricane Sandy | via

Promoters take note. #Sandy is why you pre sell tickets to big ticket events

Hope all newyorkers stay safe from the hurricane!!

Good morning! OBX still feeling the impact of #Sandy. It's been a long, cold, rainy, windy night. Join me starting at

See how americans in the East Coast are preparing for Hurricane Sandy and with regular updates from authorities..in naija,flood surprised us

Hurricane #Sandy causing many flight delays and cancellations along the East Coast. Call your airline before heading to RDU.

where's Danny? Sandy needs him.

Make that hurricane go away mother nature. Americans stay safe. X

Hurricane forces NYSE shutdown: The New York Stock Exchange will be closed on Monday and provisionally on Tuesda

Seriously, if #Sandy is going to be as disruptive as pundits are claiming to the #US #election, what about postponing polling day?? DOH!

Sandy, please be nice. I don't want to wave up in a house that has caved in

Mitt Romney told a woman in LA who lost her home in Hurricane Isaac to go home and call 211. Her home was submerged under water!

hurricane sandy looks like a bit of a troublemaker..

Is sandy outside because that wind blowing like a mf

Hope my family in america are safe and ready for hurricane sandy! 3

Hurricane Sandy Pose to Be Here In Like 3 Hours doe

Last night's tweet summary: One side of US bracing itself for hurricane, other side being destroyed by rioters, most of

Daily Mail: Lindsay Lohan leads stars making light of Hurricane Sandy over Twitter as  - Daily Mail: Daily

#sandy coverage begins with the entire #7news crew in t-minus 20 min.

Hurricane Sandy is the cause. As my tweet references.

Hey all, if you have Sandy pics, be sure to tweet them to myself, or but only take pictures if its safe!

Aww shit I know Hurricane Sandy gon beastin

Fearing the flooding from Sandy - WTNH: fox4kc.comFearing the flooding from SandyWTNHNEW HAVE  #InstantFollowBack

The Daily Who-Looks-Awful-And-Is-Awful-Update: Skyfall/Sandy/Britney

The Pulse of Climate Change. By Dady Chery, NEWS JUNKIE POST. #Frankenstorm #Sandy #Hurricane #Haiti

hi told me about your hurricane situation. Has it missed you?

Hope everyone wash their ass before sandy come

Now Sandy begins to whisper to me through my window.

News Exclus: Hurricane Sandy Prompts 'Grease,' 'SpongeBob SquarePants' Jokes on Twitter

A cool thing would be if right when Hurricane Sandy hits, that Tupac hologram shows up and just does some cool shit.

family  friends out there on the East Coast be safe. As Hurricane Sandy nears, 450,000 on East Coast told to evacuate

somehow i think you are more powerful than Sandy, a force of nature that is !!!!

Hurricane Sandy's coming.  In other news. just kidding, nothing else is happening anywhere.

congrats, u have a hurricane named after u. Just dont cause too much damage lol

Scary-yet-sublime scenes of Sandy looming.

#sandy. Liverpool band #familiarlookingstrangers have been in chicago for 3 weeks working on their future. Cant get home!!

Hope you get away without any damage from hurricane #Sandy Stay safe

Political Storm: Looks like the US Presidential elections will be settled by a hurricane? . #Obama #Romney

like oh yeah I'm just gonna curve in the middle of hurricane sandy  shit lol fuck that I'm not going out.

As thousands of New Yorkers brace for Hurricane Sandy, Mitt #Romnesia attempts to capitalize on-event.  Obama tends the nation not campaign

Aljazeera news Hurricane Sandy set to take US by storm: Millions of East Coast residents prepare for what could

Hurricane Sandy lumbered toward the densely populated East Coast early Monday, leaving millions of residents wit

Wow the entire atlantic city boardwalk has collapsed and the hurricane hasnt even made landfall yet

Sending prayers to anyone in the path of Sandy today 8(

Google playground event put off due to Hurricane Sandy, more

This hurricane has me more excited than a pedophile on parole.

Powerful winds from Hurricane Sandy will easily reach Staten Island: Storm, expected to come ashor  #statenisland

Ha!  to the rapper (I KNOW ur out there) scramblin to shoot a video in the hurricane to show ur grind/how gu

They're calling sandy a superstorm and that bitch still not badder than Katrina was. Smh, that hoe Katrina.

Thoughts go out to everyone effected my this hurricane in the states!!

and I are still waiting for hurricane sandy, we have been for hours and it has only rained like come bitch! U can do better!!

The Learning Network Blog: 6 Q's About the News | Hurricane Sandy Versus the  #hurricanesandtropicalstorms #education

Im scared what if sandy reached my country but we dont know

Sandy has strengthened to 85 mph winds. The storm is forecasted to move inland around 2 a.m. Tuesday

nap till 8am. i lowkey hope sandy comes through so i can stay home.

stay safe from Sandy!!. Watching Revenge now..

Why English media care more about Sandy than Assam floods - Firstpost: FirstpostWhy English media care more abou

#ny1sandy Wind Picks Up As Sandy Sets Sights On Staten Island

ATTENTION Lunch Rockers: Due to Hurricane Sandy, the next Lunch Rocks has been postponed by one week to Thursday,

Thoughts to my friends in the USA facing the hurricane tonite. Stay Safe.

As soon as Sandy leaves so do we!

yes iminstrel is suspended for a few days now, don't know if he is coming back. Hurricane trouble there where u at? Good luck!

Assured now that the FAA will be closed, I'm starting my run from #Sandy.  Wish me luck finding all the fuel I need.

Google Launches Crisis Map for Hurricane Sandy: As Hurricane Sandy moves near the U.S. mid-Atlantic coa  #fb #ff

Nervous in #CT  pray for us all #Sandy  go away

So far no indication of #Sandy in NW Phiily (Chestnut Hill/Mt Airy).  Barely raining but BE CAREFUL it's coming!

I'm escaping Sandy by a hair here!

HALF A DAY!! THANK YOU SANDY!!!

Looking for London-based natural disaster expert who could comment on camera - how to prepare for hurricane #Sandy

October 29, 2012 - Hurricane Sandy as seen from the Times Building. Via New York Times at 5:51am local time. You

Ok. I'm going to shower then put on my scrubs. The doc thinks that people will come in for cleanings mid-hurricane. Face-Palm.

sandy, your one ignorant slut

Parts of the Maritimes will start feeling the effects of Sandy tonight, with its impact likely sticking around

New post: National Weather Service Compares Sandy to Devastating '62 Storm  #nj #tcot

Romney says his thoughts are with those in Hurricane Sandy's path - WPIX

My attempt at a Hurricane Sandy playlist.

We had some heavy damage from Sandy here in FL!!

Live in NY? List of Twitter list of accounts to follow for #Sandy info  #smem

G'morning from Atlantic City. Heading out in a minute to check out #Sandy. Strengthened overnight, now has 85 mph sustained winds. #njsandy

#FEMA #GOP #Sandy A cautionary tale as to why we need (well run!) federal programs.

Hurricane Sandy: Thousands Evacuate, Flights Canceled as East Coast Braces for Monster Storm - WPIX

#Sandy's central pressure fell from 951 mb yesterday to 946 mb this morning (strengthening overnight). Dangerous surge expected today in NY.

Sandy is rea fuck some shit up

It's just me and cap'n crunch out this bitch !!!!! FUCK SANDY

If #Sandy came to Mumbai, the working class would still go to work, the jobless would go to Marine Drive and the DSLR owners would orgasm.

U.S. equities closed today as Hurricane Sandy cripples towards New York  #FX #US #SANDY #TRADING #MKT #STOCKS

Hurricane Sandy's hitting hard tomorrow #joy

Up early, still have electricity for now. #Sandy

Sandy makes left turn toward New Jersey: The scenes are straight out of a disaster blockbuster: A killer   #miami

Sandy is heading directly for the Jersey Shore. #sandy #sandyinphilly

Hurricane Barrier in Providence - 2 of 3 gates now closed #CW28 #SandyRI

dunno im not going to America anymore cos of that hurricane so whenever i guess

is tracking Hurricane Sandy all morning long

glad to hear it! Whoop Sandy's arse! #staysafe

Sandy is tardy for her own party

My prayers goes out to those on the east coastI hope the hurricane does not do to much damage.

Just Wanted To Thank Everyone For Wishing Me Aa Happy Safe Bday Especially Since Hurricane Sandy Started.. :)

Tall ship in trouble off NC - HMS Bounty - star of Mutiny, Treasure Island and Pirates of The Caribbean!  #Sandy

I offer shelter during #Sandy. But bring food! No food then no shelter. #hurricane #Bronx

#Sandy Hurricane causes Bloomingdales to close. OMFG! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!!! SON OF A BITCH! BLOOMINGDALES CLOSED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol

This has always annoyed me. Glad I found this :) #Hurricane #Typhoon #Cyclone

Considering parts of the northeast are experiencing TS-strength winds, and Sandy is still a hurricane, the NHC messed

#Hurricane #Sandy has forced #SAA to ground its flights coming to and from the eastern United States

6:30a Headlines: Hurricane #Sandy preparation, Early Voting continues  105.9FM #Tampa

From Maine to South Carolina, a state-by-state guide to Hurricane Sandy preparations:

So glad I'm not on my #Bermuda cruise this week! #sandy #Yorkstorm

Latest news: Hurricane Sandy: live -

Good Monday Morning on theTJMS, with Sandy Knocking on Our Door, Updates, Weather, Newd  Traffic, Let's GO!

Woke up to my regular weekday alarm. Ugh. Is this the part where we just wait for #Sandy to hit?

MY FRICKEN ALARM DIDNT GO OFF I AM SO MAD RIGHT NOW LIKE I THOUGHT AT LEAST SANDY WOULD WAKE ME UP BUT NO. MY LIFE. JUST UGH. i cant do this

Hurricane Sandy path kills events by Google, Facebook, WSJ (update) - Computerworld (blog)

Hurricane Sandy shuts down much of East Coast: Hurricane Sandy bore down on the Eastern Seaboard's largest citie h

Ok sandy time to come along  cancel school.

While people on the east coast are having a hurricane, and don't have to go to school, the rest of us has school. :/

#spookbook me and my friend's halloween costumesLeft- sandy (me)Middle-vampireRight- catLove you

on the porch blazin. keep preacin sandy..you aint shit. #turnupwithsandy

I guess, if I gotta work during a hurricane, working in a food warehouse is probably a benefit #hurricane #sandy

Morning folks. I hear Sandy coming! Guessing I'll be losing power sometime today. Stay safe out there today!

Praying for all that are in Sandy's path, that God keeps you safe #GoAwaySandy

Negros wilding at home. Sandy getting worse here is VA Beach. Do we need a prayer break my ninjas?!?

Here's the 11 pm EDT Sandy advisory from NOAA NWS National Hurricane Center  'SANDY ABOUT

Yes, there's definitely something about Sandy/ie - twice now, she's stolen my thunder :-) xx

Be safe to all my northern compadres. #Sandy #hurricaneparty

Stocked up on some water in case hurricane sandy gets too rowdy lol

NJ SANDY: Folks in many places like Ventnor waking up to flooded streets #SandyChat

Where the Fuck this Bitch sandy at ! I ain't stay up for nothing Bitch !

Hurricane sandy is coming! Shes climbin in yo windows snatchin yo people up so you need to hide yo kids, hide yo wives, and hide yo husbands

a hurricane is NOT what i wanted for my birthday ;(

you too, never seem to disappoint in your stunning green dress. #sandy

obviously you thought Sandy wasn't going to visit lol

NYT and WSJ Take Down Paywalls for Hurricane Sandy   via

Dominion estimates 1 million with out power due to Sandy!  #crazy #Sandy

Pres Obama cancels Florida campaign event due to #Sandy. Heading to DC to oversee storm response.

Officials are worried that many won't evacuate for #Sandy:

Since #Sandy came from overseas w/o papers, does she get free birth control and food stamps?

Here at work. Lets hope don't get stuck here due to Sandy punk a**

they changed the name of the hurricane from Sandy to Andy cause the hurricane is as frustrating as watching Andy Reid coach

Hurricane Sandy GET AT MEH BRAH.

Are you safe? Is the hurricane some kind of threat to you?

Johnstown,Pa Hurricane Sandy Roof, Storm, Wind, Tree Damages, 24 Hour Service:

#sandy has already created a 65 people death toll

Any hollywood studio copyrighted 'Sandy' yet??

rt Officials are worried that many won't evacuate for #Sandy:

How #Sandy will affect the web: Data centres for Amazon, Apple, Google and more could be hit

Aye all of you people up north be safe during this hurricane !! Stay inside!!

See fukn with sandy ain't gon b no more jersey shore lls

NEW YORK, Oct 29 (Reuters) - Hurricane Sandy, the monsterstorm bearing down on the U.S. East Coast,  #Crude #Oil

Just an FYI - I imagine we will close noon ish today because of Sandy.  Probably open back up tomorrow noon ish.

My correspondents have since assured me that that picture's not of Sandy at all

Anyways hope everyone on the East Coast experiencing Hurricane Sandy stays safe 3

Sending prayers to my North East Fam. #Sandy is headed your way. Be safe and stay indoors if possible and check on your neighbor too.

May who all is hit with Sandy stay safe

Hurricane Sandy , bouta Try ta Fuck us Up , Oh Hell Naw !

It's scary quiet this morning driving to the gym #frankenstorm #sandy

I honestly hope a tree branch smacks my car on the way so I can tell my supervisor to fuck off. This Sandy bitch isn't playin'!

Hurricane Sandy Causes Multiple Concert Cancelations, Postponements:   Hurricane Sandy grew stro  #TeamFollowBack

While #Sandy will bash U.S.  it's not going to amount to more than some heavy surf  rain f

President Obama cancels his Florida event with Bill Clinton #Sandy

Chesterfield schools spokesman discusses decision to cancel today and decision-making process for tomorrow.  #rva #Sandy

In what way do family in #FNQ =  family in #NYC? You know they're sensible and well prepared but there's still a wee frisson. #Sandy

Sandy is 200 miles off coast  is already devastating coastal areas. Smh I can't deal.

haha.oh boy Em Maybe the hurricane is getting close and your sensing it

Actually, strike that, looks like Sandy rendering slightly larger, but, still, not by much. Still yikes I think

Hurricane sandy is coming! Shes climbin in yo windows snatchin yo people up so you need to hide yo kids, hide yo wives,

Heavy rain, no wind. /Fingers and toes are all crossed. /We still have power. /#haiku #SandyDC #Sandy #crap

Preparing for Hurricane Sandy Emotionally, Psychologically: While most people who are  #General #GreenandEnvironment

Just in time for Hurricane #Sandy, an 1846 illustration of meteorological phenomena. Stay safe, East Coast USA!

We don't need a hurricane to do serious damage in South Africa. We got enough crooked politicians!

Freaken sandy decided to wake me up at 6 #SoNotCool

Overnight Sentiment: Cloudy, If Not Quite Frankenstormy: It is cloudy out there as Sandy en

LANta suspends bus service due to Hurricane Sandy  #fb

Won't the hurricane just blow them off later?????

Thinking about my east coast friends, especially all the journalists working to keep everyone else informed. Stay safe out there. #Sandy

colgate, I don't think the bubble will save us from the Hurricane, just cancel classes #Sandy

Sandy is a threat not because of the winds.it's the storm surges she will produce Sooo if u live by water u will have problems

The sky is literally purple right now. Eerie. #Sandy #RI

Hi welcome to a Monday.  We'll be talking about Hurricane Sandy and the ugly Packer win.

SPSALY from 10/29/2012 7:19 AM to 6:00 PM EDT for from Meteorologist Andy Gregorio: SANDY PREPA Read more at

When it comes to men and football, football is always more important than anything else. Even a hurricane #Sandy

AMEN! FOD extends our thoughts  prayers to everyone affected by Hurricane Sandy. Be prepared ~ hunker down ~ and STAY SAFE

Current east coast apts affected by Hurricane Sandy; Washington/Dulles/Baltimore/Philadelphia/New York,Newark,Boston,Hartford Springfield.

How are doing right now? and How well is the City preparted for Sandy #hurricanesandy

hey Tell Sandy to come and visit Venezuela I heard it has a lot of trouble whit a hot headed asshole

3 in this morning near Tazewell VA roads are clear #snow #swva #sandy

Very concerned about my NY children in the path of Sandy-be safe!

Who named a hurricane sandy. That sounds so innocent, and friendlyHurricane Scott seems so much more deadly

Due to hurricane Sandy NJIT is closed today for all classes. Be Safe #HurricaneSandy #njit #njitcpe

The Northeast gets a hurricane, #Miami gets frigid temperatures. Isn't it ironic? #umpains

when this hurricane has the same name as  your mom #HurricaneSandy #GoMom

Hurricane Sandy has it looking like it's 7pm instead of 7am.

It's raining outside. Hi Sandy.

Well, this Monday is already starting off in bad Monday form. But at least I'm not in the path of the #Frankenstorm. Be safe! #Sandy

U.S. markets closed Monday as Wall Street braces for Hurricane #Sandy:

- man hurricane sandy better karate chop her ass back to bikini w. that shit

Sandy must be whiteonly white women spaz out like that lol snow in hurricane?! Yeah her emotions fucked up

I love you more than spongebob loves jellyfish, mr krabs loves money, sandy loves karate, and squidward

Update: Map shows where there's some Hurricane Sandy-related flooding:

Video: AP  - Superstorm Sandy Shutting Down East Coast: Planes are grounded, public transportation systems are s

Sandy gonna piss me off

do you have a hole in your ceiling? :( #Sandy

Superstorm Sandy Shutting Down East Coast:  via

From the new  See Hurricane Sandy from space  #cnn

Video and picture gallery as Hurricane #Sandy heads for #NewYork

New York State braces for Sandy: The New York State Office of Emergency Management in Albany is  #Albany #NY #News

2% tornado probabilities for MA/CT/RI today per SPC (northeast quadrant of Sandy)

Sandy is going to round house wang slap the east cost today guys. Yolo

About to go on Starting Point with Soledad O'Brien on CNN to give an update on Hurricane #Sandy in Virginia

Dam sandy need to take her ass back to the binki bottom

Effects of Hurricane Sandy set to begin in our area overnight. High winds and 50 ml of rain. Check you

Wtf W. Virginia gets snow? They dint even believe in meteorology let alone gravity! #sandy #hurricanesandy

Nuh worry people di hurricane soon come  Just wait

All I see on Facebook is people from New York talking about how they're going to die because of the hurricane STFU

Thank God for letting me see another day!!!!! :) and keeping me though da hurricane sandy!!!!!

Honestly though I had a few guests at my hotel yesterday that said their flights were terrible bc of the hurricane.

Dammit, I'd be sad if y'all dog was injured in the hurricane ;-; it be like that.

My outift: Giants hat. Posey shirt. Giants zip up. Oh and a massive rain coat and some rainboots bc there is a hurricane today. #WSChamps

Sandy Forces Closure Of All NYC Starbucks Locations

sandy's turning toward shore. The wind in Boston should really pick up in the next few hours  #Sandy

Use slider to compare Irene from 2011 and massive storm system of Sandy   cc:

#VA #Sandy RT Standing water 4 feet deep on Monticello and Virginia Beach Blvd in Norfolk.

Due to Hurricane Sandy, the National Offices of the Fulbright Association will be closed today. Stay safe everyone.

Waves almost surging into Battery Park this AM in NYC (video via  #Sandy

#NewBrunswick has mandatory evacuations for residents near #Raritan River as of 9am. #sandy #nj #njmorningshow

Wind field 4 #Sandy is HUGE! Hurricane strength wind possible for NYC  tropical storm force winds 800 km from c

Couldn't they give this storm a tougher name then sandy?

political October surprise is a Hurricane in the Northeast - whose campaign gets all wet from this?

hurricane 'Sandy' people getting evacuated and stuffff

Reminder: CT has extended voter registration deadline to 8 pm, Thursday, Nov 1 due to Sandy

Hurricane otw + its poss. of chance of snow like tuesday too , yeaa the world bouta end !!

First Irene, now Sandy? Best part about these hurricanes is the jams they get stuck in my head. #glasshalffull #Sandy

uh,oh; bad when the experts have never seen anything this bad before #perfectstorm #sandy

The news is talking about how the hurricane is affecting the election. Those bitches!! #wtf #naturaldisaster #dafuck?

Frey Electric's Sal Sciandra with Tips to Survive Sandy

Woke up early for Obama but stupid #Sandy is ratchet and won't let me see him :(

2 things - haveyousay tweet button on Sandy Live page does not link to you! And maybe a good idea to cancel the ad for now

Sandy wanna hit when a Hippie aint got no BUD doe! smh..

Sandy played all yall niggas

Gud morning everybody! Time to face hurricane sandy! Or play left 4 dead and minecraft.

THE SANDY HOOK . . . the left turn from the NJ shore inland

Air Force hurricane hunters have just completed their second pass this a.m through #Sandy. Pressure has dropped further:

#Hiti Hurricane Sandy grounds thousands of flights: Thousands of flights to and from the east coast of t  #Mobile

Post-apocalyptic scenes in New York amid hurricane emergency (PHOTOS)  or evacuation of New York City #amazing

#Politics Crowley: Sandy introduces big unknown into campaign: The beauty of being a president and a c  #HiTechCJ

how shits this I've just wrote you a massive paragraph n had to delete it.. it's not a hurricane the Americans over exadurate x

She could care less about #Sandy. She's just happy to have an extra day with mommy and dada #love

Just look at hurricane Sandy.  You can't denounce global warming. We've had a hurricane every year.  Each have been stronger.

Thoughts and prayers to those on the east coast affected by hurricane sandy

#Sandy : NYSE and NASDAQ closed today ; Obama signs Hurricane Emergency Act.

Forget Hurricane Sandy ! She Ain't About That Life !! She Was Supposed To Get Me Outta School!!! You Couldn't Help A Nigga Out ? Lls

Ready for Hurricane Sandy? An Illustrated Guide to Preparing for Disaster | Education on GOOD

On it's FB page, the #Bounty says as of 10 minutes ago 14 of the 17 crew have been hoisted to safety. Hurricane #Sandy

K, is there school today? Or is it cancelled cause of the hurricane

The US will say Hurricane Sandy is Iran's fault, this will start a nuclear world war 3 and everyone will die on DEC 21, 2012. The End.

Call it #Frankenstorm or Hurricane #Sandy- Why this Dangerous #Storm Will Boost The US Economy - Forbes

Well, it has begun. #Sandy is starting to show her face. Prepared as I can be. #Pray for us folks who are directly in the storm's path.

Am I the only one that isn't shocked that we haven't used any 'grease' references for this hurricane yet?

Praying for everyone in Sandy's path. Y'all stay safe.

crews are removing snow and ice on Rt. 219 in Randolph County and south. #wvwx #Sandy

Our most sincere Prayers up to those across the nation who may be facing Hurricane Sandy within the coming hours or days #GODBless

We have buttoned down the hatches and are ready #Sandy #storm

As is most of #Manhattan by the looks of things, one eye on today #sandy

It's ironic that a hurricane named Sandy is due to hit New Jersey.

Red Cross has a Hurricane App. Download it. Stay safe. #Sandy #Frankenstorm

Bout to roll up a PHAT one , neva know what sandy may bring.

Sandy gone bring the snow in Dam!!!

Dear Sandy, you suck. That is all.

Hurricane Warnings: Don't hesitate to evacuate  Please! Don't forget about the elderly,disabled or blind while evacuating

Damn Sandy.. You gonna fuck up my week. Got shit to do!

the hurricane hasn't even hit NJ yet #whatt

Great Day! Prayer CHANGES thingslet's do it 4 those in the path of Hurricane Sandy  be ready 2 help where needed.

Lowcountry Red Cross Volunteers responding to Sandy: The volunteers will be assisting in stocking shelters and

lol i qas at da beach wit ma dad last night too lol we like fuck da hurricane

umm Dorothy's house was carried away by a tornado Not a hurricane #ILOVEYOU

#sandy is going to take a price of everything go up.

Hurricane Sandy coming to bite us all in the ass. ^.^ #FREECARWASH

Sadly the replica of HMS Bounty looks to be the first casualty of #Sandy as crew abandon ship!

Shout out 2 all my East Coasters (US of A)- don't think Sandy was man-made- just think CHANGE is happening :) #StaySafe

Hey - everyone stay safe up there! #Sandy

High wind warning is in effect in North Jersey and Hudson Valley area. Wind gusts up to 60-80Mph is expected.We'll b ok. #sandy

Apocalyptic photos from the MTA. - The subway stations are empty today thanks to Sandy and the MTA shutdown.

Tbh any hurricane that touches Toronto won't do much damage, it would have died down by the time it reaches us.

Meanwhile in Chicago, i still have to go to work since we ain't having a hurricane.

Starting to blow pretty good here in Randolph. #sandy

Im tryin to find out wat a full moon has to do wit the waves in da water for hurricane sandy

CNBC: Sandy to cost $12-20 bln: According to some econometric geek.

New post: Styled By June Star June Ambrose Can Make Even Scary Hurricane Sandy Look Beautiful

Oh guess whos going to work with hurricane sandy out ME!?

Latest on #Sandy as of 8 AM: Maximum sustained winds 85 MPH and a Central Pressure of 946 mb, moving NNW at 20 MPH.

Speculations about frankenstorm Sandy being manipulated by HAARP to disrupt presidential election

After you're done reading all our Eagles stories, make sure to check out our extensive coverage of Hurricane Sandy:

Butwon't the hurricane affect Halloween? Are they rescheduling Halloween or #SeriousQuestion

Hurricane Sandy Path and Tracker LIVE: Frankenstorm Could Reap Massive Destruction -

Things are about to get crazy here. 60-75mph winds and several inches of rain. Stay safe, everyone. #Hurricane #Sandy

I don't have proper hurricane footwear.

Jesus, this is so horribly real. Hurricane Tracker -   via

Lucky Greencounty! Satellite loop  #Sandy stretches from NC to Great Lakes up to N-Canada #Huge

When your mom acts like this storm is gonna kill everyone and wakes you up to hurricane proof the house. Like,bitch? Its not even raining..

Scattered power outages possible tonight along the St. Lawrence due to the strength and duration of strong winds. #SANDY

Sandy's wind speeds have increased from 75 mp to 85 mph as pressure drops even further.

#GoodMorning TFK Queen this TFK King #salute well I guess feeling what I am we shut down in our city pretty lady lol Sandy

Thinking of my muma and hoping she stays safe through the storm surge #sandy

Both  suspending paywalls today so u can check their sites for #Sandy updates even if u don't have d

Only person on the road this morning. Guess I'm the only one still working today #sandy

Yes I go to college in Rhode island.. yes every news channel says we're guna get fucked by sandy.. oh but bryant still has classes..

Live coverage of #Sandy continues: streaming video at  via

God Bless Everyone On The East Coast Wit Me Sandy Fuckin Up Shit!

i suggest we rename this hurricane to somthing fitting..like Winnifred, Hagatha,Esmerlda,Maleficent or Wanda.

Im watching the news and this bitch is like getting blown away and her hats about to fall off lmao mannnnn!!!! #hurricane sandy # 22 news

Good luck to everyone on the East Coast dealing with the Super Storm, this week. #Sandy

#OWS is giving potential #Sandy survivors tips about living in squalor.

The question is  How am I gonna get to the gym?!?! #sandy #HurricaneSandy #fitgirl

Roker you jackass, so Sandy's going to intensify once it hits those gulf waters where today exactly? #Embarrassing #dummy #blowhard

Would love people's thoughts on my latest (during hurricane update breaks)  #newplay

I love sleeping when it's raining out #Sandy

Ladies and gentlemen the fun don't start till later tonight :) so stay clam #Sandy

Why tf do we gotta go to skool?? DONT THESE FUCCAS KNO THAT SANDY IS ON HER WAY!???

#sandy up close and personal at the pier #brooklyn #frankenstorm Apocalypse - Hurricane Sandy

Can't wait for the drive home in the hurricane! #saidnooneever

Trip to California officially cancelled. It figures. The first time I attempt to leave the country in 2 years and there's a hurricane. #SAD

Now when sandy is about to come it's probably the first time I'm glad that I'm not at NYC

When Sandy is so loud I can't sleep #shutup #HurricaneSandy #Frankenstorm #Sandy #perfectstorm #dying #PissesMeOff #ohmygoshohmygoshohmygo

slammed like a door at the NYSE in a hurricane?

I pray you have a safe flight, Mike. #Sandy

Forget Sandy: London hit by giant locust swarm

Gov. Markell on NBC 10: #Delaware hotline is 1.800.464.HELP  #Sandy

Hurricane Sandy emergency food in my car. Legit right? #preparedbitches

Morning Twitter friends!  Hope you have a good day. And those in the path of Sandy stay safe!

People aren't the only ones who'll be needing aid during #Sandy. If you happen to see any animals in distress, don't

Thanks Sandy. You made my walk to the bus stop FREEZING.

Oh sandy don't make me laugh.. Ha Ha Haaaa.

HURRICANE SANDY: We are still open!: Stay up-to-date on Hurricane Sandy: National Hurricane Center National Weat

I havnt been at the office in 5 days. I'm covering Sandy down the OBX

Good morning! Thinking about those of you in Sandy's path- be safe! +Vs!

REMINDER: Due to Hurricane Sandy, Hubway will be closed temporarily from 10am today (Mon, Oct 29) until conditions improve.

We aren't sending our trucks out because of Hurricane Sandy and the State of Emergencies.  Hopefully we will be

Sandy 85mph winds moving NNW at 18mph.

Hurricane Sandy is coming, it's raining hard as he'll outside :(

How big is Sandy? Below are the five largest hurricanes (by gale diameter) ever observed in the Atlantic.

I'm going to need more batteries  //t.co/x9YwG12b #Sandy

Hurricane Sandy: Eight Apps To Help You Weather The Storm

Atlantic City Police, Fire, and EMS Live Scanner Audio Feed  #Sandy  via

Most Entertaining Public Official On Twitter During a Natural Disaster - hands down  #staysafe #frankenstorm #sandy

: Have you been watching the news about Hurricane Sandy?

A crew from is set up in the harbor again today. The harbor is now closed to traffic. #Sandy

It ain't THAT bad. Lol  Sandy w/

FiremanRich posted a boo: Sit  Waiting For #Sandy

Breaking News: All US Exchanges Close Before Sandy

Free car washes! Thanks sandy you're so nice.

Praying for those in the path of the hurricane. I hope it will pass quickly and cause minimal damage.

Thousands of flights cancelled ahead of Sandy: As Hurricane Sandy made its leisurely but threatening  #Atlanta #GA

Sounds Like Sandy Decided To Hit The DMV Finally

Pls take care don't worry hurricane sandy won't do anything to y'all

Hurricane Sandy roars toward East Coast |

#GoodMorning all! Hope you're all ready for #Sandy! #StaySafe

sandy is not forcing you to stay inside? Lol

Nexus 4 will have wireless charging, leaked manual says: The forthcoming Nexus 4 phone, whose unveiling has been delayed by Hurricane

canceled his FL appearance today to stay in the WH  MONITOR the #Sandy shame #Benghazi wasn't as imp

Happy Monday.. PRAYING for everyone in the NY area in the way of the hurricane

Shorter Romney. ''Where does all that water come from?'' #FrankenStorm #Sandy #ChemTrails #GlobalWarming

I wish everyone the best  along the Eastern seaboard! Stay in, heed the warnings, and with hope and prayers you'll all be safe!  #Sandy

Just woke up. Can anyone fill me in on whether or not this stupid hurricane hit NY yet?

given my twitterfeed this morning. i do wonder how Sandy is being reported outside the US. it is just like an average summers day in the UK

At least I can catch up on a lot of this paperwork I've been putting off. #Sandy

Hope everyone stays safe!!!! Don't let Sandy get you down!!! Also if you own a automatic pool cover remember to

Please everyone on the East Coast stay safe! This Hurricane is no joke. It looks like doomsday outside. =[

you 2. We supposed to have chicken  beer hurricane party n charge folk

Destroyed decks in Duck, NC - Pic from  #Sandy #HRVA

#Sandy is still 300 miles from you.  It's the size of the storm that's unprecedented

=s That awkward moment when Mitt suggests getting rid of FEMA and then Sandy hits the East Coast right before the election.

Praying for my fam and all the people on the east coast with this storm sandy!!

This hurricane ain't nothing, these kids could of went to school!

Cabs are out running strong despite #Sandy doing her best to halt commutes. Give us a call if you need a ride 703-522-3333

Bradley Airport is closing at 1pm, per . #Sandy

With the widespread flooding anticipated throughout the central Pennsylvania region due to Sandy, many people in

To All My Friends Who Are in The Path of Hurricane Sandy, My Prayers Are With You! Please Be Safe!

Even though I live in Michigan, can I use Sandy as reason why I can't be in to work?

Must remember my job is to do web development for #highered today, and not chase #Sandy from the web. Stay safe out there.

I wonder how much seamen #sandy has swallowed? Oh and how about this super storm we're having?

Hope you all had a great weekend. #Sandy blew past us this weekend in Myrtle Beach with a little rain and wind,

Dear Sandy, please hurry the $ up and get through here so I can leave.Best Regards,Bri

you would be the one to twerk during a hurricane

Hurricane sandy is one pussy ass bitch

The highways will close when 45 -50 mph winds sustained. Will happen with 5 hrs says 'We will stop trucks' #sandy

U.S. stock trading was shut down on Monday as the New York City area braced for Hurricane Sandy . The Securities and Exchange Commission

From State of CT Division of Emergency Management:HURRICANE SANDY INTENSIFYING AND MOVING TOWARDS THE NEW

POTUS expected to be in Cincy on Wednesday, depending on Sandy.

Who the hell let Sandy Cheeks out of her Bikini Bottom bubble!? #hurricanesandy

Morning NYC Twitter fam. We're hoping this will be a false alarm hurricane. But we're not sure. So protect yourselves.

Check out this cool vehicle hitting the beach and roads in #Fairfield. #Sandy

Here's my twitter watch list for #MASandy. Suggestions/additions welcome:  #MA #Sandy

Why would the news show a clip of the perfect storm during this Sandy MESS??!! #icant :(..

Heard some pundit say this a.m. Sandy may be Largest storm ever to hit U.S., seems I have heard that before? Define largest?

Equal parts scary and mesmerising. How big is #Sandy? Check out time-lapse image from

The hurricane isnt going to affect us until tomorrow morning

Good Morning! Hope you all had a lovely weekend, and that those of you in the hurricane path are keeping safe and

this hurricane up in New Jersey ain't shit. there's just mad wind blowing lol

Sending prayers for safety, strength  courage to all those in Sandy's path. Please stay safeand remember your critters!!

im jus gonna sit on my porch and watch this hurricane evolve. #LetTheGamesBegin #HopeIDontBlowAway

did they say hurricane Sandy fucked up the statue of liberty ??

I love extra days off. Please be gentle with this hurricane God :-)

MD on #sandy: NWS tells him storm could land as cat 2, and also: 'my boot has been firmly up backside of

I'm scared of some beautiful things. For example, the moon right now. And Sandy is also a beautiful name.

#hurricane #sandy from space. We can see global warming impacts from space now

Praying for protection, safety, and peace for our family  friends in Coastal New England. #Sandy

NY, NJ: Simchos Cancelled Due to Hurricane Sandy:  has learned of a number o  via

Thinking of all my customers and friends that are in the path of Sandy.  Praying for your safety.

says there's reason for some optimism with Hurricane #Sandy  #wbz

#Sandy continues to intensify as it begins to make the left turn toward NJ. Storm surges will be catastrophic on the NYC area.

sandy might but like legs and body will not

yip. In body if not in mind. Survived a hurricane and am pretty mariachi'd out. Awesome time.

Sun's latest story: Maryland braces for #Hurricane Sandy

Sandy, take your talents back home to Texas.

lol actually its u .but ur new name will be sandy !!

#Sandy has postponed opening of #HartfordArtSchool faculty exhibit until Thursday, Nov. 1, at 4:30 p.m. #WestHartford #UniversityOfHartford

Let me order some breakfast! Let me eat before sandy hits!!!

Damn!! Sandy is really fucking w/ yall up North?! That hoe went straight by us  gave us some April showers. #PrayersForMyDMVFolks

Good morning Sandy! U know ur raindrops do look quite lovely today! #noschool #hallelujah ;)

stay safe! Wear a life-jacket everywhere you go Just in case #Sandy

Well, good morning.no work, just waiting on Sandy

Our thoughts and prayers are with all of our friends in the northeast. Please make safe decisions before, during, and after Hurricane Sandy!

Packed up 4 sandy 2nite. This is all I need

Sandy's here. Got your water and flashlights? Tell us: What's in your Superstorm Emergency Kit?

#MittStormTips  Fill bathtub with water, to bathe dressage horse in case of shortage.#sandy

This hurricane is fucking up my east coast business -_- #DamnYouHurricane

In 2011, Hurricane Irene caused more than $15 billion in damage. Experts say Hurricane Sandy is both wider and stronger. #BeSafe #Sandy

Intense Flooding AC  80 feet of boardwalk floating free #sandy #acpress

Hurricane sandy!!! I'm ready to fuck that bitch up!!!! Lol

seriously ? Never mind imma just ask Sandy to make a uturn

Hope everyone on the north-eastern coast fares well through Sandy. Here are some tips for pet owners during the storm: http

Friends and colleagues on the east coast: we hope you're staying safe and dry. (Huh, didn't we tweet this in 2011 too?) #Sandy #Irene

Why would anyone want there to be a hurricane coming.

SANDY: Belt Pkwy being Reopened, / Hatzolah in willi set up command post in 6 Locations, / NY-NJ Bridges, Tunnels Open, but could change.

Be safe in this hurricane, everyone. It's looking pretty bad out there.

I thought it was national hurricane day #Sandy

I know mad hoes like sandy #TeamAlwaysWet

A reminder to everyone on the East Coast to stay safe over the next couple of days! #sandy

Hi pumpkin! I have done all preparations for #Sandy  it is so scarey! Its coming straight wehere I live!  #GodBlessUsAll

Good luck on the East coast with Hurricane Sandy, keep safe

It's a rainy morning. Have to pick up yard for Hurricane Sandy warnings. #NH here  her flight is cancelled. Rainy day

Hope everyone is staying safe during Sandy!

Yoo My Sister Didnt Take Her Pills And She Non Stop Laughing I Hope Sandy Takes Her Ass With Her To Texas

Sandy fucking up people plans an shit!

I'm in good shape so far as Sandy knows statelines and county boundaries having school today snow our issue in mnts

did a same-day confirmed change on my flight to SEA to meet up with coworker who missed his flight (no fault of sandy's) #bldwin

I survived work on a Monday morning, did you survive the hurricane?

I'm willing to bet #Sandy is going to be worse than #Irene I don't remember seeing pictures of the shores this bad, this early. #staysafe

Good Morning, we've decided to be closed today.  Stay safe and we'll see you on the other side of Sandy~

*doorbell rings* Me: Who is it? Person at door: Sandy.

The Hurricane Sandy twitter account won't be funny anymore once the hurricane hits Woodbridge.

You'd think he'd neutralize Sandy given how much Bettman sucks.

The Weather Channel now has a live stream on their website for #Sandy. That's right, **** JUST GOT REAL

sending prayers that u and your family are spared any effects of #Sandy 3

yo aussies, stream 1010 WINS if you want live radio coverage of #sandy as you head to bed -  - (thanks

It's only 9am on hurricane day and we are already burning thru make-a-couch-fort.

Cat and I are using our hurricane day off from work to catch up on the Hulu queue..

#sandy Newburyport: The storm has unleashed it's mild irritation.

When i was young in 1985 there was Hurricane Gloria, and it destroyed South Hamden, now its Hurricane

FAFS office is closed today - Monday, October 29th - due to Hurricane Sandy. Stay safe everyone!

TheHill :  Obama skips Fla. visit to oversee response to Hurricane Sandy Obama had been scheduled to deliver remarks w

hope you don't get affected by the storm and everyone is safe #Sandy

All these fitewolks on the beach talking about I can't wait to surf! #sandy

I'm from the Bay, my city just won the World Series, and this is the only Hurricane that I grew up with:  #Sandy

City Hall in #PortsmouthNH is closing at 4 p.m. today Indoor Pool closing at 1 p.m. #SeacoastSandy #Hurricane

I just puked in my mouth a little.. via Sandy Could Be a Toxic Shitstorm in Gowanus..

M83 - In The Cold I'm Standing:  via Have a great day everyone! :):):) Good hurricane music!

Its gonna be a UFC FIGHT in this crib b4 Sandy leave

Ok in basement working out cardio treadmill woo thank u #Sandy day off extra fitness #LivingHealthy

Waiting for Sandy while listening to some Scorpions - Here I am-Rock you like a hurricane.  #superstorm

Who's in the path of Sandy? Stay safe!

This hurricane in America is just making me think about 'The Day After Tomorrow'

an umbrella is the last thing you wanna have in a hurricane lol

In Chicago as so many flights keep getting cancelled because of #Sandy. Praying for safe travel  4 our fam  everyone in the North East.

Look Sandy I respect your travels n hardships if wind is dick Sucking Hoe u just blow Foh

Should be having a hurricane party today #sandy #southernthing

Be safe!!!!! I know, all women want to have you!!! But Sandy does not get you!! ;)) Xoxo

Spongebob just better be killing it with sandy being this wet

In the 5 minutes it took to walk the dog, my street went from half-exposed to fully submerged. #sandy

Hurricane Sandy tracked by Google: submitted by squatly [link] [2 comments]

I think when I go home Im going to plug in my laptop and phone (just in case of sandy) and then take a fab nap.

This hurricane is like the perfect storm + 2012 combined

No trading: Wall Street to be closed for business Monday: Wall Street is shutting down as Hurricane Sand  #dallas

#sandy #time 7:17 a.m.EDT 10/29 #power LIPA 2,819 outages across #loc Long Island #  via #hmrd

I wish I could play football in a hurricane, it seems like it would be so fun

I should go play soccer with Sandy. #NotAfraid

Would be interesting coincidence if Hurricane Sandy hit land at Asbury Park, NJ  (Lost in the Flood) #brucespringsteensongs #the boss

We're all gonna die from the hurricane at school and it will be all YRDSB's fault

And it's from evening and overnight that Sandy's supposed to grow dangerous on Long Island.

Maybe if everyone at Ithaca sings Come On Sandy to the tune of Come On Eileen, classes will be cancelled until Wednesday. #daretodream

Everyone should have stocked up cause we might be in the house for a while if Sandy hits like she supposed to

Think the weather channel should hire Ollie Williams for Hurricane Sandy reports

Good morning! We hope all our East Coast followers are safe, sound  ready for Sandy! Have you stocked up on the essentials? (^R)

While everyone was preparing for the hurricane, and I were shoppin for new outfits!

Waking up at 8 to go back to school fuck off sandy just hoping my house doesn't go under water

#Sandy edition! Before you lose power, go check out our Kickstarter for icles! A #steampunk adventure! htt

I'm missing it :(  #Sandy has taken over

We are open  available to assist you with coverage questions  claims. Give us a call: 603-428-3238. Stay safe everyone! #Sandy #NH

Hospitals, NYBC plan for blood supply issues ahead of Hurricane Sandy: The New York Blood Center is working with

Everybody keep saying fuck sandy , until she get you your house  your car

There's no thunder. You ain't a real hurricane until I hear some thunder!

If Sandy will let me, I'm to fly to Mumbai #litlive. I wish we were doing this there:  #writing

so scary, I have a friend there  really worried! The height of the potential waves is the worst bit! #Sandy

Why is everybody rushin dis bitch sandy? let her smut ass stay right where she at!

Lights flickering here in North Cape May but we still have power! #Sandy

To our east coast friends, family,  fans, please be safe out there while #Sandy does its thing. #BearDown

Check in! Good morning from Rhode Island! How's everyone doing up and down the East Coast? #Sandy

NE chance U will be in NY to give us a play by play news coverage of a Cat 1 Hurricane?

You know the storm is serious when my mom is worried about her workout routine when the power goes out #sandy #thanksmom

Thinking about all my family and friends on the east coast! Stay safe #Sandy

So excited for Hurricane Sandy! Gonna be my first ever hurricane!#firsttime #shouldntyoubelesshappy

But honestly I didn't realize sandy was supposed to be so bad or is it just that Northerners aren't used to hurricanes

Hurricane Sandy - Travel Alert:  Contacting World Travel

America are going to start a war on Hurricanes as #Sandy is the worst thing since 9/11

Sandy is making its way to the east coast

When a hurricane hits the Gulf Coast, it's a normal news day. When a hurricane hits the East Coast it's the only news.

Iim kinda scared about this hurricane now!

Total Cost of #Sandy $5B Total. #PerfectStorm Unmet needs per year for those dealing w #Autism $50B. After storm address

@highlight

Hurricane Sandy lashes Bahamas with wind and rain.

@highlight

Hurricane Sandy is churning up the waves! Expect peak wind gusts in excess of 50 mph on shore.

@highlight

Airlines cancel 7000 flights, 50m Americans to be affected, and public transportation systems are stoped.

@highlight

Hurricane Sandy is some 485 miles south-southeast of New York City packing winds of 75 mph.