The politics of Sandy: 1) You're not going to see campaigning anytime soon in VA or NH; 2) 3 days are essentially being erased (1/2)

BREAKING: Hurricane Sandy grounds thousands of flights: Major carriers such as American Airlines, JetBlue and De

thanks!  We have all of our supplies and are staying put at home today. Dog isn't real thrilled about Sandy!

Our thoughts are with everyone as Hurricane Sandy approaches.  Please be prepared and stay safe and dry!

Yooooo, there's gonna be a SNOW STORM after the hurricane :O

Hurricane sandy fucking with my emotions .

#okayplayer Mixtape Mondays: Diplo, Waajeed, DJ Marsellus Wallace: My fellow East Coasters, I know Hurricane San

stores  donation centers are closed today due to Hurricane #Sandy. Check back for updates  be safe!

For all of us who like being on the move. This bisshhhh #Sandy got us stuck in the house lol

Hurricane #Sandy is gaining speed  strength.  Stay safe, East Coast!

Because of Hurricane #Sandy, there may be delays in responding to orders, emails or voicemails. We appreciate your patienc

Ugh Sandy Bouta Blow My Shit

The 2012 apocalypse is starting off with this hurricane lol

so you got cold snow from the north and warm hurricane from the south it's causes all kinds if problems

I ran 20 miles in the Hurricane last summer

i guess everyone on twitters a meteorologist now #sandy

I hope madison flies away in the hurricane she is not listening to me to come inside

If you're in Hurricane Sandy's path, please take all precautions. Safety FIRST! 3

can hurricane sandy just pick me up and fly me over to the Bahamas #flyingfirstclass

Fuck Sandy I Was Sleep While She Was Going OFF

Ya'll Pray For My City Man Forreal , That Bitch Sandy Tryna Flood Us Out But We Will Survive #757

To make a donation towards The Salvation Army's #Sandy relief efforts in #Philly area, text SANDY to 41444. Thank you.

You think your life is tough?  Try crapping outside during a hurricane.

On the 3rd day, God called Tim Tebow to part the seas from #sandy

anyone interested in #Sandy could do worse than look in here:

#Sandy you better not take Long Beach Island from us.

Hurricane sandy Please blow my School away

#Sandy pwease dont blow away my car up there :( stay safe!!

Folks On Twitter Remind Us That Hurricane Hotel Stays Can Be Fun Too  #travel

SandyStop being a bitch Sandy. No one likes a bitch.

Ok #Sandy you are a pain in the ass.  At least get me out of work!

Nutrishop of Brick  Wall will be closed today the 29th for Hurricane Sandy  precautions! Everyone be safe  stay tuned for our opening!

Photo: wnyc: (One of the most recent satellite images of Hurricane Sandy, via the NASA GOES project.)

Staying inside to research my future. #sandy

I want to see a crazy storm today hope sandy comes around

just be safe, and get though the hurricane, it is know laughing matter donnie, my daughter, and  her husband is in it to. xo

Poem of the Feather's light by Sandy Lane  via

You !!!! hurricane sandy causing road blocks n shit smfh #hurricane #sandy

UPDATE: Awake in the bunker. There is word of morning whiskey.  Rainy and windy outside. #Sandy

Hurricane sandy should blow me some Starbucks please and thank you

One day off in a hurricane lol. We had hurricane weeks.

Some colleges are extending early admissions deadlines because of Sandy.  We'll be tweeting the changes as we hear about them.

Ok Hurricane Sandy I see you workin

Thank you sandy for pushing back all my tests and papers that were due this week.. Even though it's just raining outside

Starting my Sandy day off with some Amityville Horror.

The only thing Sandy is scaring me about is losing power and my phone dying

Ha hahahah the hurricane sandy account has me crying holy shit LOL

Stay safe and dry Lehigh family! #frankenstorm #sandy #lehigh

good going please keep strong thouhgts and havey prayer for the people in east as #sandy comes in!

Damn Sandy turned into a bad b*tch over the weekend.

My boy is fascinated by this. He is now reading '5 reasons why Sandy will be epic'.

Sandy Shuts Down Stock Markets

listening to Aphex Twin in a hurricane is a pretty cool thing to do

Saying a quick prayer for all the people on the east coast. I really hope that Hurricane Sandy won't be as

Hurricane Sandy Watch and Warning area. TY BUSH FEMA re: FEMA Trailers Forever! Anybody looking for a trailer?:

FYI  Southeast Wisconsin may see waves of up to 17 feet on Lake Michigan! #Sandy

- Been watching the news all morning about Hurricane Sandy. Work is about to be crazy today.

is closed today due to the insane weather #Sandy Stay safe everyone!

Hey we're watching the news and Cambridge isn't gonna get hit by the hurricane, we're just gonna get high winds not much danger

Living in Florida, I feel for everyone up north right now dealing with the crazy hurricane weather. Please be safe!

It's obvious mother nature is very upset about the fact that baseball is over for the year. #WorldSeries #Sandy

Watching Inside Hurricane Katrina while painting the #nails #sandyactivities #essie

To all Americans, please stay inside during hurricane Sandy. Stay safe 3 Xx

Breaking news: shirtless guy running thru DC wearing horse head #Sandy

Thanks to #Sandy everyone at work keeps changing my name GREAT! #ThankYouHurricane

Hurricane Sandy barrels toward East Coast, expected to bring 'life-threatening  - Fox News: IBNLiveHurric  #fb

Man, all these Hurricane Sandy tweets just blow me away! #happypunday

Alright Sandy bring it #couch #movies all day

Happy Monday! Thinking of east coast offices today as #Sandy approaches! Stay safe!!

Someone needs to teach these Yankees about hurricane parties!#yankeerookies #houstonian

Thinking about everyone in Sandy's path.  Hoping y'all are safe and dry.  #sandy #smokeemifyougotem

Wow, U.S. stock and options exchanges closed this morning due to Hurricane Sandy. To those in its path, stay safe..

I WAS STRAIGHTENING MY HAIR AND THE POWER GOES OUT. DAMN YOU HURRICANE

Two days of work and school cancellations due to sandy mean one thingI'm not putting on pants until Wednesday. #Hurricane #lazy

American stock exchange is closed today n may not open tomo also. Loss of lives n economy ! u bad bad Hurricane Sandy :-(

be safe ! Sandy is coming for yo ass, lol.

New neck cardio: go on your roof, strap 3 parachutes to your head and do ISO neck work until the hurricane stops #TEAMDIEFLEXING #FuckNature

Living beside a Great Lake during a hurricane #bringitbitch #classescancelled?

going for a walk in the hurricane later maybe it will sweep me up into the sky like the leaves

Hurricane can't stop me from listening new album!!!

Good luck #NYC. Hope #sandy takes it easy and that you still exist by the time i come to see you in mid-November.

Thanking God for it all I pray that everyone be safe (sandy is near)

What if gangam style is just a rain dance and we have brought this hurricane upon ourselves? #stufftothinkaboutfolks

Feds Declare Emergency Ahead of Hurricane Sandy

What if you won a #WorldSeries and nobody (at least on east coast) noticed? Sorry San Fran #Giants. You know whose fault it is #sandy

why couldn't Hurricane #Sandy hit the Jersey Shore a few years ago?

There are worse places to be stuck during a hurricane than a brewery. Be safe out there, east coast.

best of wishes to the shed my good sir. Its in my prayers during the hurricane.

3rd period be vibin' w/ Sandy  Kiahna ..

I hope my Boo thang  his family is safe durin this hurricane #IFukinLuvHim #CantWait2MeetHim

I honestly love this. This makes me wanna be one of those hurricane storm hunters on the weather channel

Hurricane #Sandy visible satellite image is very impressiveroaring toward landfall on New Jersey coast.

I'm the first to admit--I'm too panicky of a person to read all of these updates on #Sandy. #backtobed #wakemewhenitsover

Gov. Malloy orders road closures in #CT:  #sandy #CT #Frankenstorm

I hope everyone up north is gonna be alright during this hurricane

no katrina was a hurricane this is nothing lol , im outside tweeting you rite now

All wrapped up ready for hurricane sandy

Perfect day for Grey's on Netflix, Thanks #Sandy

Hope everyone is prepared for Sandy. Please do not hesitate to reach out to local authorities if you're in need

the last hurricane power was out. A few trees took out the power lines. So far so good for now.

At 1 p.m., CT state highways will be closed to all non-emergency related vehicles. #Sandy -

so what do you have to do when preparing for a hurricane we don't really get them in england

10/28/12Happy Sandy Day! In consideration of Hurricane Sandy, Bazinet Realty is open and available to answer

Tbh PG County Wasn't Bouta Have School Weather Or Not Sandy Was Here, So I'm Mad She Fucking Up My Moves! #HisGirl

I'm Takin A Sleepin Pill Soon As Sandy Show Face.. FUCK DAT SHITT.

Hope you stay save during Hurricane Sandy. Praying for NYC and East Coast.

Thanks sandy! I appreciate the day off!

To those of you in Sandy's path, stay safe. Plenty of people I care a great deal about up in that area. Be careful guys.

Mandatory ejaculation. (That's an autocorrect typo, but it's amazing so it stays.) Thanks a lot, Sandy!

The first hurricane I evacuated to VA now im only in the ville

Whose coming over to watch movies and cuddle and eat #sandy

Could think of worse places to be stuck in a hurricane than at grandma's house. #good food, people, and board games + we still have power!

Go away Sandy. I need the stock exchange open!

Pretty sure the world is ending. It's cold in Florida and there's a hurricane in the north. Now if Obama gets reelected, were all #fucked

Omg just seen the pics of #SANDY touching down! STAY SAFE EAST COAST!!! 3 thinking and praying for you all!!!!

Due to the expected weather impact of Hurricane Sandy,  regular scheduled CTTRANSIT local or express bus services

we have a hurricane here and were off haha

Speed limit on the Tappan Zee Bridge has been reduced to 35 mph due to high winds. #Sandy

Romney campaigns. MT WH announces Pres Obama scrubbs Green Bay, WI campaign trip to remain in DC to monitor response to #Sandy.

No need to panic folks. Sesame Street is all over the hurricane.  #frankenstorm

New data from the Hurricane Hunters (945mb) confirms #Sandy is now the most intense hurricane ever nort

Cataracts and Hurricanoes -  - Dear Readers,Hurricane Sandy is now descending upon Washington, so we may

Tweet me back if your scared of hurricane sandy!!!!!

Oh ya know, some black clouds in the backyard.. #yikes #sandy #storm

Soooo happy the power didn't go out! Another lazy day, thanks to Vadm Dunaway #Sandy

thinking of all my friends on the east coast this morning. stay safe, xox. #Sandy

LIVE NOW from Morristown, New Jersey: #SandyCam - Watch LIVE coverage of Hurricane Sandy all day on #iHigh!

Anyone want to get hurricane'd in at my house?  I have a generator, tons of candles, copious amounts of water and a risk board #sandy

Hurricane Sandy Turns NY Subways Into Ghost Town [PICS]: Images of a completely empty New York

Our item of the day: The Warrior Princess #Dress . Not even Hurricane Sandy could handle you in this croc pr

Is it sad that I had no clue there was a hurricane when I got home on Saturday after nationals?

Definitely!  Love to catch up. Probably next week.  Post-Sandy. :)

Hopefully I dont have to go into work tonight because of this hurricane

For all of those facing the impact of Hurricane Sandy, please be safe.  Never underestimate Mother Nature.

Good morning fb fam!  With hurricane sandy steadly approaching us we hope that everyone have good and safe day.

Sandy this bitch trynna kill my mutha fuckin vibe, time to burn a couple hopefully everyone stay safe and high today!

Homework is impossible to do when there's a hurricane coming AND when you're a #weathernerd. I'm fucked.

Tough doing a shoot after #hurricane #sandy rolls by but think I still got it

You idiots would kno that the hurricane isnt supposed to touch down on land untill tomorrow if you watched the news. Thi

[All Facebook] Hurricane Sandy Snuffs Two NYC Facebook Events  #newsonsocial

Every time you see a tweet about #Sandy, take a shot. Ever FB post, 2 shots.

Cotlook Headlines - Hurricane Sandy winds, rain slow harvest in eastern US states:

It'd be awkward if everybody decided to make moves and while they're out the hurricane hits. Unfortunate.

//*needs RP to get her mind off of hurricane*

Hello gorgeous! Enjoy your day off today thanks to #sandy. Stay safe!

Sandy's about to unleash her wrath

she said fuck Sandy lls

Yummy! I would love to have some for Sandy

I wouldve been at work right now but sandy fuck some shit up so we ain't have to go in today so dnt mind me I'm Coolin

and are on I90 driving west from Bostonfleeing the brunt of Sandy, I hope in time. #hurricane

I hear #Sandy gone be fucking shit up !

I hope you're safe!! #sandy XOXO!

Stocks Fall as Sandy Shuts U.S. Markets; Gasoline Gains: Stocks fell around the world and gasoline rose as  #news

I think I'm going to drink hurricanes today for the hurricane.

any idea how the hurricane will impact the electorate?

are the flights out of Florida effected by hurricane sandy?

this is a big deal. real danger here. search # sandy or sandyinphilly  see why it's not just hype.

We eat good, heat, sleet, rain  during Sandy

who give better blow job, Hurricane Sandy or the no good motherfucker Hulk Hogan?

Guy at the airport loving Halloween. He's dressed as a guy who's unreasonably mad because a hurricane has delayed his

Sandy, youre slow as shit. Hurry the hell up and get this shit over with so I can go on about my week.

Dear hurricane sandy please hit my school bye

CWRU will extend our Early Action deadline to Nov 5 for students and counselors who are impacted by closures related to Hurricane Sandy.

we're all riders on Sandy today

honestly, i'd rather hear about sandy all day than about the constant crime in baltimore, or all these election ads.

Here comes sandy. Getn windy as fuck out here now.

cool! We're all taking shelter from the storm, but working remotely. #sandy

A handful of tourists braved the weather in Times Square during Hurricane Sandy on Monday. (Jefferson Siegel/for

Like those cool interactive #sandy maps? That's all open government data, folks. #LiberateAllTheThings

But city workers gotta go in. Lmaooo  Knicks cancel Monday practice due to Hurricane #Sandy |

Thank God #Sandy is coming today and not next week during election. Stay safe my east coast family and friends.

Am still struggling to comprehend how a hurricane can be threatening NY/NJ. Mad.

Happy Monday! The shops have closed till further notice with Hurricane Sandy coming through.  Hopefully we will

Crew of HMS Bounty forced to abandon ship as Hurricane Sandy bears down on East Coast - NY Daily News

Good Morning Beautiful People ! Hope everybody's safe from Sandy

If You Can Code, Here's How To Help During Sandy's Looming Aftermath: Google has two tools available for organiz

Is Hurricane Sandy blowing your budget?  via (cheaper ways to stock up on water, supplies)

My prayer go to all the people back east with Sandy coming

Im waitin for a serious hurricane So I can call dat bitch hurricane Chris!

OMFG! NO #Internet!! What hath #Sandy wrought?!  #Doomed! SAVE YOURSELF! /reset modem Oh.. ok carry on. #waterdamage

Plenty of beach erosion, rough surf and flooding. reporting from Long Beach Island. #Sandy

As long as sandy dnt come dwn south im good

When they start letting people fly out of DC! Waiting for Sandy to blow over. No flights to Florida yet. ):

All the best to the East Coast. I suggest that everyone should line up along the coastline and try to blow the hurricane

POTUS planning to monitor Sandy the way he monitored Benghazi. #popcornandsoda #standdown

this is probably really dumb but wind scares the hell out of me so im not looking forward to sandy #fuckthis

Keeping the east coast in my prayers as they prepare for sandy.

A hurricane day and a new mixtape? Great day!

Why do I feel as if sandy isint going to be as bad as irene

People, save the hurricane tweets until it actually gets here

Oh Ok Great ! . Yea It's Hurricane seasn i understand that and Some ppl Are used to it. But Ive Never experienced. :/ haha

#Sandy - #Google has a great looking Crisis Center detailing all - check it out

So I says to the hurricane on the beach#Sandy?

I hope the hurricane makes it so my germans can't leave #lovethem

Spooky Sandy splish splash over the trail at Fullerton.

Sandy is Obama 's fault. Worse, he can't predict how bad it will get. None of this would've happened if we had a neon-con prez

Sending my thoughts and prayers to all whom may come in contact with Hurricane Sandy. Wait knowing that GOD calms all winds. Blessings~

fuck a hurricane. we still out here! #weplayingintherain!

Manhattan Flooding, Hurricane Sandy is coming

Come on sandy, at least give us a reason to be off school..

To all of our friends impacted by #Sandy: Stay safe!

Dear God, Angels and Archangels, I send my love and healing prayers to all those in the way of hurricane Sandy

Hurricane on its way but everyone in the WV is out getting coffee

Stockholm is so eager to imitate New York that today we're even entitled to hurricane-like weather! #ratherbeonbedford #sandy

Most likelii ima be knocked while #Sandy bitch ass do her thng.

Our caster says #Sandy may bring 17-foot waves to #Milwaukee. Even bigger waves near #CHI.

I havent had a day off in almost 2months!! Thx to Sandy I finally have one!! ;-)

Essential workers are here to serve during emergencies like hurricane SANDY's arrival! Bring it on!

DTN Bangladesh: Sandy strengthens as it turns toward US coast: NEW YORK: Hurricane Sandy strengthened as it turn

I'm up in Ridgefield. I was in evacuation zone. #sandy

Our thoughts are with everyone being affected by #Hurricane #Sandy. Stay safe, everyone!

kinda in the middle of a hurricane right now so if I don't tweet for a while the power went out

It's sunday! New secrets. Better look at them before Hurricane Sandy ruins my chances.

The reason this hurricane is happening is because of gay marriage. #reprecussions #god

Despite this heaux sandy fuckin shit up the #NYGIANTS won!!

I've been at ground zero for Andrew, Katrina, rita, gustav, Ike, Lilly, and others as erosion control specialist  1st responder. #sandy

Obviously the most popular name of babies born in July 2013.#Sandy

#repost jodymh Hurricane Sandy is trying to make fetch happen.

As a result of Sandy, ppl are suddenly holy  converting from their wicked ways. All of a sudden grabbing Bibles, tweeting about God etc.#Oh

Looking forward to Sandy's high winds and their possible pruning effect on the overly large weed trees in my neighbours' back yards.

R If your job made you come in today during hurricane sandy. They don't love you (unless you're a doctor or nurse)

More than 60 million Americans are braced up for the impact of 'Hurricane Sandy' after forecasters said that it

sandy aint do nun major yet for us not to go to school

All my friends in #NewYork, #NewJersey, #Maryland, #WashingtonDC and everywhere else on the East coast - be safe! #Sandy

For a nation of Nones, sure is a lot of prayer language being offered via social media during #Sandy. Church? NOT a building. #chsocm

Finally! It can't be a natural disaster without some Xian whack job blaming the gays.  #p2 #tcot #Sandy

it's recent And thanks! You too! Gotta love hurricane days :)

#sandy ain't even that bad right now

*sees wind pick up* oh hey #sandy

Random but did yal know hurricane Issac hit New Orleans 7 years exactly to  the date after hurricane Katrina?

And on top of that, woke up to my hometown probably being the next Atlantis (o_o) Damn you Sandy!

Our thoughts and prayer go out to our friends and family who are threatened by Hurricane Sandy.  Please be safe everyone.

I've been in 3 hurricanes and hurricane earl in north carolina was definitely the worst

Not doing shit today? Why not VOTE for your favorite local picks in the DIG THIS AWARDS 2012!!!!!!!!  #Sandy #SUPERSTORM

The river waters are starting to breach land #Sandy #NYC

Sandy is so clutch for giving me no school

#Derivatives today showing their positive side Catastrophe Bonds will disperse and blunt the #Sandy losses for insurers

Hunkered down for the hurricane  pinning away here you can pin to win!  via

of course there is supposed to be a hurricane on my bday #myluck #none

Video: Hurricane Sandy hits DC:

hows everyone in NYC doing this morning with the hurricane?

So far we've got heavy rain, but not bad winds yet in DC. I live between Pentagon and Reagan Airport. Hopefully the best power grid! #sandy

Sandy Manipulated By HAARP To Disrupt Presidential Elections? Read Between The Lines!  via

Bouuta see what's the latest on Sandy

The News is right outside my apartment on RIVER street. That's a good sign right? #Sandy

Job 40:6Then the LORD spoke to Job out of the storm:#Sandy

smh, y'all lucky, that hurricane got yo back

What of gangham style was just a giant rain dance and we brought this hurricane upon ourselves?#reddit #deepthoughts

For those in Sandy's path, please monitor your weather forecast, news, and take measures to prepare or get to shelter. Take care, everyone.

Stock markets closed Monday because of Hurricane Sandy: Officials with the New York Stock Exchange and Nasdaq de h

We're continuing preparations for #Sandy. Can't say enough about our team, they really make us proud. Best staff ever!!

Here we go Sandy! Here go whoo whoo!

Hurricane Sandy is a Cat 1, 415 SE of Philladelphia with winds of 86 mph. Latest info here

Anyone else excited for Hurricane Chris shutting down the whole east coast #aybaybay

Using my umbrella, not to keep me dry, but as a shield against falling tree limbs #PSUproblems #sandy

Dammit sandy u just had to go and cancel my road test.now another five weeks of waiting

I TWEET IN ALL CAPS CAUSE IMA TOP NOTCH BITCH. SANDY AINT SHIT, SHE JUST A LITTLE DRIZZLE COMPARED TO THE REALEST NIGGAAA!!

umm.. is it OK 2 hope SANDY bathes NYC Occu-Idiots?? #soap

When is Sandy gonna make it nasty?

This Storm #Sandy is Not Playing the speed is now 90 mph Got Damn

C'mon Sandy. Im really not feeling class today!

All my branfordites please stay safe during this storm! #Sandy

Sandy preparations, according to Bill Cosby.

Governor says blunt talk of death designed to keep people indoors and safe #sandy

Earthquake on the west coast, hurricane #Sandy on the east coast. The folks central must be getting worried! #staysafe

My work day has now been shortened from 11.5 to 9.5 hrs bc of this hurricane which I am now referring to as Sandra bc we ain't cool SANDRA

I'd move to the middle of russia if there was a hurricane deAndre.

To those in the path of Sandy, my thoughts and prayers are for your safety,  especially with my daughter in Silver Spring, MD. Be safe!

Doin my hw online b4 sandy fucks up everything

Hope everyone in the path of Sandy today and tonight stays safe and sound! Check in every so often if you can so we know you're all right!

Genesis just said eminems voice was annoying, hurricane sandy take her lol

karma will get those who didn't take this storm seriously. and in this case, so will sandy.

Our TRMM satellite looks Hurricane #Sandy in the eye -- in 3D.

HURRICANE PREP: cell phone CAR chargers and SIZE D batteries, SIZE D batteries SIZE D batteries !!!!

Karen and I extend our thoughts and prayers to those in the path of Hurricane Sa

Weather people out in full force #sandy #frankenstorm Standing on beaches WARNING people not to stand on beaches Its

OMG!!! MT 11am advisory has #Sandy at 90 mph! Stronger than forecast and still strengthening. Dangerous situation developing!

Hurricane Sandy: You almost never see. 660 miles of New York subway tracks closed. Train stations become ghost towns.

#MDSandy Hurricane Sandy forces area malls to close

Who is winning Hurricane #Sandy? Probably the shirtless guy jogging around D.C. in the horse mask.Video GIFs

i pray everyone makes it through Sandy safely. i'll be sleeping until she passes, cause i'm a scaredy cat .

Fox host uses Hurricane Sandy as opportunity to attack Obama:  #p2

Y'all saying this hurricane lil just wait until later on

Embrace Sandy and blast Pandora's Surf Rock station. Get to it!

Got out of work just in time#Sandy

noo work today bc of that bit sandy !!

Took a morning run to preempt the stir craziness brought on by storm-imposed house arrest. Blustery and damp, but no flooding yet. #Sandy

Can someone get in touch with Tim Tebow and see if he can do anything about stopping  Hurricane Sandy #Superstorm #TebowPower

At 9AM #Sandy has made little impact. But that will change in  #instanyc

Wind gust forecast: gusts will peak above hurricane force this afternoon  early evening along the east coast

Up here in N. Bergen Co 30mph gusts and my supplier wont be making PM deliveries.  But I had the quickest commute ever. #sandy

My power could go out any second because the hurricane is coming so if I can't come on here for a while then goodbye for now ily!xx

Hurricane coverage bumped today's Radio Smart Talk on #PA business climate w/Sharon Ward. We'll let u know when it's rescheduled. #pabudget

We hope all of those in the path of Hurricane Sandy are safe and do not experience much damage!

I prob shouldn't have watched Walking Dead this morning huh? #sandy

Apple Retail Roundup: Palo Alto Store, Hurricane Sandy Preparations, Shenzhen Store: Apple's retail   #thetech101

Keep the East Coast in your prayers. Hurricane Sandy is approaching.

10 confirm deaths, may there soul rest in peace #Sandy #weather #storm #terriblething

During the hurricane stay indoors and enjoy 4kidcal

This guy has awesome updates from Rockaway #Sandy  via

Here's what I did with SandY! #SuckitSandy

MSNBC discusses how the election can be delayed because of Sandy.

#Sandy must be a dyke from all the posts is getting #boobsforsandy #assforsandy

Why is #HurricaneSandy named Sandy from SpongeBob?

Hurricane Sandy is God showing his frustration with the election.  Especially the commercials. #blowitaway

If u gay go play in sandy Ctfu y'all nd frank ocean

sorry im getting raped by a hurricane

Have to admit, watching #Castle is a little weird, considering what was in today's episode is currently getting hit by #Sandy

Time to break out that emergency bottle of wine I got yesterday. #Sandy

I live in #DaSouf I dont give a fuck about this Hurricane.

..I'm not gonna get my package til like a month from now. Damn you #Sandy you stupid bitch

Another great photo from #Sandy MTFDR, driver had to be rescued from taxi United Nations Plaza http

i walked thru a hurricane and lived to tell about it

Not sure which is more stressful to watch, #Sandy coverage or this week's Real Housewives of Miami #RHOM craziness.

It's times like right now when I regret buying an iMac instead of a MacBook #firstworldproblems #Sandy #nopower

One more resource for those affected by #Sandy - Red Cross page where you can let your family know you're OK

hurricane Sandy you're a bitch. Because of you ALL of my shows this week are reruns because ppl on the east coast don't have power.

#Sandy #Alert #PENNSYLVANIA: All schools in Pennsylvania have been closed for tomorrow (Tuesday), but are expected to be open Wednesday-Fri

This is why so many lights are out in Manhattan.. Explosion at Con Ed Plant, E14th and FDR in NYC  #sandy

Sandy would be a better girlfriend than you.

#9NEWS live stream:  Coverage tonight on superstorm #Sandy  #9WTK investigation from

I love you all.  I am okay.  This shit is cray!!!  #sandy is nooooo joke!!!!

So did sandy come or are we still waiting..

Download the Hurricane App. It's an easy way to tell your family  friends that you're safe.

Talk about dedication? Hurricane Sandy bearing down  these men guard the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier cc

SANDY HACIENDO DESASTRES EN NY.. Q HEAVY..

Hurricane Sandy USA  Emergency Declared in Various States   YouTube

i wonder what she thinks of the hurricane

Watching the news about #Sandy  wow! Stay strong east Coast !!! Prayers are with u

If Sandy had affected Sri Lanka, she would have been named 'Sandya'.

Thank God there hasn't been a Hurricane Alek. I would change my name if one was named that.

My thoughts go out to all my followers and their horses in #Sandy! #StaySafe #EquineDilemmas.

Good luck america. You are in our prayers. #sandy #nyc

This guy pronounces hurricane, whore-icane

Just imagine poor little Ireland having to cope with a storm like #sandy Jeez, doesn't really bear thinking about! :-/

Yo hurican sandy is a real B-I-T-C-H

I'm happy the hurricane wasn't as bad as forecasted

Will be open tomorrow? Any power lose from #Sandy

Tim Tebow just stiff armed Hurricane Sandy into Canada. You're welcome. #sandy #tebow

New York City Flooding   via #sandy

has great NYC pics of flooding he is taking himself #sandy #sandynyc

This shit crazy #Sandy puttin her foot down on us and I don't have any more wine

I am watching in horror the wreckage that hurricane #Sandy is causing 2 the East Coast of America. Hall of Shame 2 the

Illness stuff and hurricane stuff make me realize I've had some priorities out of whack for a while now.

fuck sandy, mans got to jewel

#hurricanesandy Hurricane Sandy - starting to think that Mother Nature is trying to tell us something, amazing shot!

Very first power flicker of the day here on Capitol Hill in DC. Power still on so far. #sandy

If I throw my blackberry at sandy, You think she'd hit me with an iphone? #youneverknow

Why do people think the hurricane is a joke? You wouldn't if you lived in the areas getting hit hard. Grow up.

They gotta stop given these hurricanes names it defeats tha purpose of calling it ah hurricane.

If I would've taken a shot every time I heard the name #sandy today .. I would have died at about 2:43pm

The only comfort in watching this distressing Sandy coverage is knowing my friends prepared by buying batteries and beer. #HowTexanOfYou

#100ThingsAboutMe I hate storms and the dark so I'm not really liking sandy right about now

I got a beer and chips im good #sandy

This MNF game stinks. No wonder the East Coast scheduled a hurricane for tonight. Anything beats boredom with Chirico and Chucky.

good thing everyone at home in the Falls is worried about the after math of #SANDY when I'm stuck in the middle  #i

I bet you soon the media will say hurricane sandy was a terrorism attack planned by muslims  lol

Hurricane Sandy or preview for the end of the world?

Wow! If this were true, why not vote 4 BO? He must be God: Conspiracy Theorists Say Obama Engineered Hurricane Sandy

All these little hurricane jokes are ridiculous, you guys need to be more thoughtful what if it was your home town smh be nice!

Wish I could watch!!! No power and trees falling all around us. #sandy

This is what sandy did to my internet FUCK YOU SANDY YOU CAN SMD -______-

One sister in VA  the other in NYC=major worries for big sister (aka ME). Good thoughts  prayers are always welcome. #sandy #frankenstorm

Hurricane I'm sorry I underestimated you, please let my power come back on.

Wind gusts as of 11pm EDT Michigan City IN 54 mph; South Bend IN 44 mph; Hillsdale MI 41 mph; Lima OH 40 mph. #Sandy #INwx

Damnnn I'm lucky sandy didnt get me lol

lmfaooo you gonna uppercut sandy? watch her pick you up and dash you to Australia :P

I'm suffering from a hurricane do you think now is the time

I favorited a video from  HurricaneHorse (Hurricane Sandy)

I wish you would get taken away by the hurricane..#11:11

Seriously ppl. Don't Jose about this shot. Sandy is scaring the shit out of me.

On everything that I love, I hope God takes care of all those people out there #Sandy

God my sister is such a bitch! Possibly worse than #Sandy!!!

11:11 my wish is for Sandy to go away and never come back

Obama campaign sending out an email disguised to support Red Cross/#Sandy relief efforts. Bottom email is a donate to

Alright fuck you Sandy. You canceled HIMYM.

Why don't we take the United States and push it somewhere else #sandy

Ok this hurricane needs to go now.

What is going on in the world tonight, first Sandy, then the Carroll county bus crash, and now a crash in front of freezer fresh

Praying for all those being affected by Hurricane Sandy. #prayerworks

People are already dying because of this stupid hurricane #crazy

Maybe the pool will be closed because of Sandy..and we're cleaning

Ohhhh lawd if i am ever in a hurricane then i would be the 1st one to die. I CAN'T SWIM.

My guess would be that New York is pretty Sandy right now.

. omggg ; everybody just keep talking ab hurricane sandy , it's not even serious outside !

Workin in the hurricane. Fingers bout to fall off. Bout to get sucked out to sea.

I'm doin an upper decker before this hurricane is over.

Thanks for the news you give, for me your the best ! #bestreporter #sandy

y'all think Sandy is over, the hoe didn't even start.

Hurricane Sandy Live Tracker: Projected Path Latest Map (Live Video Updates, Photos)

I'm really getting sick of everyone joking about Sandy. This is serious, guys. People are dying and you're all being ignorant assholes.

Anyone  joking about sandy should shut the fuck up breezy and rockaway are being slammed. I can tell I've been sitting through it all night

#Sandy bogus stories guess we won't know till daylight. Sad we can't get good reporting from the area hit by Sandy.

Sandy heads west for DC. Will provide Nancy Pelosi w/perfect weather to try that new broom out!

#AfterAHurricaneComesARainbow RT guys and try to get this trending for the east coast/Hurricane Sandy victims!xx

So glad to hear my friends voice and that she is okay. Hurricane Sandy not playing any games.

The California National Guard is supporting the Sandy response.  Hooah!

Those who think they can do anything with money.. You damn try to stop this hurricane #Sandy with your money.

I think it's fucked up that people are joking about this hurricane

Sharks swimming in New Jersey streets! They're probably looking for #Snooki! #sandy

Infographic: Ways To Wait Out Hurricane Sandy (The onion): Share With Friends:  |  | Fun Stuff - Humor News, New

Bush couldn't cause hurricane. Obama couldn't cause hurricane. Only ppl I know nuts enough to think man caused hurricane are global warmists

well since I can't come over because of sandy your gonna have to put it in the freezer #thanks

Watch when this hurricane shit over the people that's texting my shit now won't be later on lol  sad.

Has Tebow parted the waters in New York yet? #sandy #hurricanesandy #thechosenone

holy shit I've eaten like 5000 calories today due to this hurricane.

My night just went to hell thank you #Sandy

Seeing the latest CNN reports from Atlantic City, one can only assume that Ali Velshi has now drowned. #sandy

Fire on 3rd floor of Coney Island Hospital, surrounded by floodwaters cannot access it. #Sandy

And sandy the parole officer like shit

you still survive ?  According to the radio Sandy is THE MOST BIGGEST hurricane in 100 years.

Hurricane Sandy please stop now! you're threatening many people on the East Coast

I'm bout to just go mudding tomorrow! Hurricane Sandy can't keep me down!

#Hurricane #Sandy or #earthquake? Free #Android app lets U text others with it, no active service needed.

Mom: You're not scared of the hurricane Mara?Me: Nigga do you not know where I'm from? Mom: Oh true.#FloridaProbs

Someone tweeted they TV wires caught on fire bc the hurricane lmaoo Bitch then stop tweeting and run foo! (0___0)

i vote skip straight to cuddling ;) in between screaming of terror from the hurricane that is

Great side-by-side comparison of this year's #Sandy versus last year's #Irene:  via

Renew/Cancel News: More Neighbors and Scandal, No Farm, Up All Night Goes Multi, Hurricane Sandy Interrupts Orig

Sandy just needs a hug or something. Give her a hug while you're flying over here.

Power out and bored outta my mind! #Sandy

Thanks for the well wishes! Howling wind out my window. Plenty of snacks and good company inside. #Sandy

SSF News: SSF supports Hurricane Sandy response in NYC: The Sahana Software Foundation is assisting the   #sahana

Special Hurricane Hurricane Sandy: Storm surge floods NYC tunnels, cuts power to city - Christian Science   Sandy

Had a nice walk outside during the storm. #sandy

i might get #WWE13 Tomorrow i really don't want to go out in this hurricane

let's not forget that Sandy from spongebob was brutal looked calm but she was a beast.

Hurricane sandy killed 70 people isnt that so funny guys?! not really so shut the fuck up about it its not really a laughing matter

I'm doing good jaz!! Miss you too just dealing with this hurricane out here pretty bad

Ayaya!!!  Watch out for Hurricane Tonki ko Limpopo.

R.I.P. Victims of Hurricane Sandy over in Manhattan. Prayers go out to all the familes

Hurricane Sandy if you can wipe out the 106Park studio I'll gladly appreciate it my nig!

Watching for Sandy damage, reports of crane down in Manhattan

sandy cab fuck right off #holyfuck

Live video: New York Mayor Bloomberg briefs the public on Sandy -

God help all Sandy victims!  Amen.

I am so fuckin over Sandy right now -_-

what a perfect time to listen to the song hurricane by :)

Neil Frank on KHOU. Expect him to  not rule out that Sandy could come to Houston. #DoctorStormHype

I kinda feel like I'm making a MESS of the east coast.   #sandy

Want to know what it is like to throw a football like Tim Tebow? Just go throw one during Hurricane Sandy

Prayers for all on East Coast!  What a mess and a tragedy with lives lost.  #Sandy

Prayin 4 every1 - the path of superstorm Sandy in the North East . Lord Jesus protect people let this blow over quickl

Man,  Sandy is killing me right now! No power, can't watch MNF, Floods, Trees Falling.:(#BITCHMAD)

#Sandy's out side blowin n I'm inside #BLOWIN!!! Keep em commin #WYD  voice)

Sandy trying to wipe NYC off the map

all tv shows are postponing new episodes till next week cause of the hurricane #lame

Thoughts and prayers out to everyone in Sandy's path. Wow.

Explosion at #ConEd power plant leaves half of #Manhattan in the dark. #Sandy

Sandy has potential to be worst than Katrina. Yes katrina was horrible but it was thousands that were involved. NY/NJ/Maryland = millions

I live in Alabama.  I am just passing along some of the best images and info. from #Sandy

How to troll your mom with Hurricane Sandy.

no I can't sandy won't let me sleep

Fuck you #sandy go away ain't nobody got time for this!!!!!!

Thanks for all the birthday love! Blessed to have all 425 Twitter followers/2K FB friends in my life. We're safe in the Heights! xo #Sandy

The Mormon entertaining herself with her new computer. An hour earlier we ran up  down the hall like monsters. #sandy

Sandy coming back for revenge on 'y'all goes !!

St Vincent's was a level 1 trauma center. NYU is not. Evacuating in hurricane

Wow, watch the MASSIVE ConEd plant explosion in NYC from Hurricane Sandy:  (start at 2:59) This is shocking and sad!

Yo man odrd this hurricane is not allowing me to sleep #freakingcoldandscared

Please let this hurricane be bad until tommorow #noschool

Listen here SANDY.. better come home unharmed or we will have some serious problems.

Why is Sandy being such a bitch? She always seemed pretty chill in Spongebob.

praying for anyone in the path of sandy. we pray for no school, and they pray to make it through the night. I couldn'

My prayers are with everyone on the East Coast who is being affected by Sandy!! Stay safe!! xoxo

One thing that helps:  old fashioned paper books: don't need power source to read, and can absorb water if needed.good luck readers #sandy

Obama is encouraging donations to red cross because of Sandy. would be good timing for R.C to get $5 mill..its simple prez

Unleashing the kraken and riding out this storm #hurricane #sandy storm

Watching the tropical storm Sandy footage live, it's crazy seeing New York flooded!

FredCoMD: Special Weather Statement issued October 29 at 11:32PM EDT by NWS: SANDY LOCAL STATEMENT .  #mdwx

Don't worry #NYC if it's a #Legitimate hurricane, the city will have a way of shutting the whole thing down without suffering any problems.

Look #Sandy , I'm trying to dance on connect and the damn power keeps going on and off. You're messing me up!

there's been a lot of fake hurricane pics goin around.. I think that's one of them

Now I understand why #gentrification in #harlem has been happening. They knew this was coming and didn't wanna lose power. Lol #sandy

There was a 32.5 foot wave in Brooklyn Harbor. Beat the previous record by 26 feet. #sandy

Trish don't care about some sandy hurricane whatever it is.

The weather man said #sandy was going to blow me.. Not quite what i thought #disapoint

This is unreal.. Protecting the tomb of the unknown soldier in the middle of hurricane sandy #respect #USA

Stay safe, all of you in #Sandy's pathway

Here's hoping all my friends, family and everyone in New York is safe. #Sandy is a right bitch!

People who don't heed warnings  evacuate shouldn't be rescued. Leaving them on their own is a way of clearing gene pool of defects. #Sandy

WHY THE FUCK WOULD YOU WANNA RIDE OUT SANDY? Y'ALL DUMB AS FUCK! IM GOING BUCK GOD DAMN!

It seems #Sandy took down  can't check my fantasy football or anything. Damn this weather

I'm pretty sure Sandy swept me up and brought me to Heaven..

aww yall got a hurricane na yu feel my pain

Sending up prayers for those affected by Hurricane Sandy. Hurricanes on the east coast, somebody needs to be praying! BELIEVE

Holla we want FEMA, we want FEMA yeah It's somethin that u need to have cuz when Sandy leave yo ass she gone leave with half.

FLASH: Sandy Strikes New JerseyAtlantic City under Curfew via

I'm beginning to suspect that SuperStorm Sandy is an example of Intelligent Design. It can't be climate change.

#NYC mayor says power out at NYU hospital, patients being evacuated.  #Sandy

im in the middle of hurricane sandy, wish me luck!?! :)

this hurricane is starting to get on my nerves , its taking to long !

This hurricane sandy looks and sounds so bad,  to think a few weeks ago we was all there having the time of a life's :( #hurricanesandy

The dnb team are safe and weathering the storm!  #sandy

RT Praying for all of you who are  seeing/feeling/hearing #sandy right now. Thanks Olivia pope

How is sandy already be starting to fuck up the electricity in montreal! Damnn I'm charging my laptop aint no way imma risk missing the NBA!

I think it is bc zombies and hurricane sandy and ritt momney and what not but oh whale right :3

Woah. It's like a hurricane outside.

Romney, Ryan use hurricane for campaign event while NYC drowns  via /They have no respect for anything!

Finally lost power here in Carroll county Maryland #Sandy

Not much flooding in Upper West Side. Mostly homeless in shelter. One said subway was more comfortable #sandy

#Sandy is just a big hoe. She's super wet and blowin the whole east coast. Smh

All this hurricane wind and shit really makes me want a beer #alcoholicprobs

This is terrible. #Sandy  Fire in apartment building in Rockaway Park

Hope all my friends  family in New York are safe. #Sandy

Love how this big hurricane is coming and its not headed for Florida.. #yousaywhataboutflorida??

News reports are saying 10 are dead and 3 million are without power. Hurricane Sandy has left NYC dark.

Neelam cyclone in India Sandy hurricane in US    brace yourself for a watery slippery week #neelam #sandy

Literally, all I head are things flying around, sirens, and glass shattering. #sandy #hurricane

Praying that everyone affected by the hurricane stays safe, especially my little sister. I don't know what I'd do without her.

At this rate a majority of the black people on the east coast will be dead considering most of them can't swim. #hurricane

Sandy need to close Hudson valley tomorrow

By the sounds of it there are 3 hospitals either being evacuated or on generators in #NYC at present. Wow. #sandy

Of course the hurricane would be a woman name. A female can cause more destruction than a hurricane though.

Fuck this rain and wind, hurricane sandy is a pussy bitch WE OUT HERE

I wish Kanye was here to interrupt hurricane sandy lmao.

How American Apparel having a Hurricane Sandy sale? Smh

WHACHU WANT A SHOUT OUT FOR FOLLOWING YOU OR SOME SHIT? #Sandy

cozy during the hurricane and power outage

Hurricane Sandy is like . She ain't afraid of anyone! Especially her haters! #KeepTalking!!

you'll find out at 4:30 am when the hurricane dies down

Praying that sandy does some damage tonight #please #noschool

how about a drabble about Lea worrying about her parents and family during the current storm/hurricane that's happening??

Doing well! Just DM'd you. You've my new email now! In disbelief that FL evaded #Sandy  northeast is a pool

Pray for the victims of hurricane  Sandy n pray for this country. God has all this in control. Yeah its happening at a strange time.

I actually held a Gaddock Teeg up to the window, but it didn't stop the Hurricane. #mtg #sandy

A little ironic, but my friend Sandy who usually posts a ton on FB is no where to be found. #irony

NYC Goes Dark: 10 Eerie Photos of the Hurricane Blackout:        Via Alana NewhouseClick here to  via

This Sandy storm is probably just the start of the world ending #ItsASign ;)

So 2012 scenario starts with America ? # sandy

Don't think Letterman's writers made it to the studio today, the one person in the audience isn't making much noise #Sandy

Hoping all my east coasties r staying dry ! #Sandy scary shit

sandy hush I'm trying to watch tv you can't be disturbing me like this

Pretty sure the worst of the storm is gone! Yay! More vodka to celebrate? Yes! #Sandy

OF ALL THE [BOYS] TOSSING ROCKS AT YOUR WINDOW, I'LL BE THE ONE WAITING THERE EVEN WHEN [THERE'S A HURRICANE] (but not a boy)

Hurricane Sandy left to PA? Is this serious?

Hurricane Sandy Live: 10 dead, US markets shut for 2nd day

The images coming from the East Coast just sink my stomach. Stay safe all. Prayers for you! #Sandy

Two bright flashes in the sky followed by Two loud 'booms'. Either transformers are exploding or someone wants me to shit my pants. #Sandy

better be able to get out of DC on Friday to come visit me or im gonna lose it! #Sandy

Bout to sleep, stay safe if u in the path of the hurricane. #GN

Eating a grilled chicken salad while playing mw3 and waitin for sandy to go away already #ps3#callofduty#sandy

This storm is going to fuck up snooki's hair.#sandy

Twitter Over Capacity Cause Hurricane SANDY Fucking Up Peoples Mood  Shit  Shut The Fuck Up. We Know Yall Flooded Out. We Dont Care!!

power out on maiden lane in greece big green flash n power gonzo #sandy

This hurricane something serious, at least I'm outta school.

Honestly though, thank god for They're my best/ONLY source for storm Sandy info.

to all the deaths in NY, and NJ from sandy. RIP

only at VCU would someone get robbed during a hurricane. HOW? WHY?

My TL consists of hurricane sandy, Justin bieber, porn and food. Lovely.

Thankful my mother-in-law  our cousins are so far safe in Manhattan during #Sandy! Not a lot of water on the Upper East Sidejust windy!!

Next up on my #Sandy Netflix watch list is Freaks and Geeks

I wanna go to Denny's. IF ONLY IT WASNT A FUCKING HURRICANE OUT

Everyone on Twitter is going on and on about the hurricane. Meanwhile I'm just sittin over here in the Midwest freezing my ass off.

i hope you animal friends and people friends are snuggly safe from the bad storm! mommy calls the storm #sandy!

Manhattan in a black out. Not a view we see ever! .#Sandy leaves parts of New York in the dark.

The hurricane is here! (Pauly D voice)

ground zero cant catch a break damnit sandy

Sandy has caused at least 11 U.S. deaths and nearly 3 million people are without electricity.

alright now Sandy wanna come smh !!

had to go get my trash can out of the street from the snownado! #sandy #snow #snownado

Sandy is a sneaky ninja, sandy knows ka-ra-tae. Sandy ain't no bitch! Cunt ass storm tho

Haha mine does too, thats dumb though, my power is going out during a little storm, but can withstand a hurricane ? lol wow .-.

you haven't tweeted in a while! Are you still alive? :( #sandy #nooo

Being from Fla.  I never ever thought I would be affected by a hurricane living in Ohio this is insane.  Everyone be safe!  #Sandy

Storms getting reckless right now. Class better be cancelled tomorrow #sandy

Forecasters say the center of former Hurricane #Sandy made landfall along the New Jersey coast near Atlantic City:

Deadly Storm Hits The United States nicknamed Hurricane Sandy: At least 50 million people are

I uploaded a video  How to Survive a Hurricane

That wind from Sandy ain't no joke!

omg the winds are crazy. Sandy kickin butt tonight on the coast if its this windy here. Prayers to the east coast

I probably live in one of the most climatic-stable countries in the world but the way pictures of #sandy are freaking me out. Bless you all.

YAY!!!! Lol I guess we can thank #sandy for that

Cyclone in Chennai? Sandy Aa Gaya.

The 2 scariest things about #Sandy --NY skyline without lights, and Romney saying he'd cut Fed Govt help for catastrophes

Sandy slams into New Jersey, swamps Lower Manhattan

My East coast peps!! Keep it safe and feet dry!! #Sandy

Ohio Task Force 1 headed to Akron where they'll await orders for #Sandy aid #OHSandy

tell Sandy to go away doe.

Then got the nerve to say the power out no the power out cuz ya ain't pay that fuckin bill sandy ain't have shit to do with that !

#FDNY heroes brave #Hurricane #Sandy #flood #waters on 14th Ave in #Manhattan #NYC to search for p NY

Stay safe from #sandy in the North East.

Incredible photo of darkened NYC : New York City (all of downtown power off) #SANDY

sandy can you come hit windsor already so i don't have to go to school tomorrow #thanks

I love you sandy For letting me have these days off ! NOW CAN YOU CALL FUTUR TO TURN ON THE DAMN LIGHTS ?

Panties soaked thanks to , , Not even Sandy got me this wet.

hurricane sandy in new york remind me of the movie the day after tomorow

This Just in the New York mets have decided to name themselves the hurricanes and the  players all took the last name Sandy

No new Gossip Girl? Waaaaaa. Thanks #Sandy

Spongebob should have fucked sandy #longTime

#WEWS is staffed and working overnight to bring you the latest on #Sandy's impacts to NEOH! Stay update at  #Early5

katrina irena and now SANDY -the surge seems inevitable and names too Horny

right! Sandy just happens to hit so close to December

Hurricane Sandy wrecking havoc in New York CityPray!

So the superstrom is causing all this bad weather here. It appears that Spongebob and Patrick decided to wake Sandy from hibernation again..

I say we should have no homework in honor of the hurricane

Hurricane Sandy Cable News Coverage Avoids Talk Of Climate Change - Huffington Post: The HinduHurrica  #tv #cable

Taking cover!  Stay safe, folks in the path of Hurricane #Sandy

Explosion and Flooding Knock Out Power in NY   #Sandy

Sandy finally calmed her hips down, Shucks all that dang on noise!

#Sandy #CT #University of CT and other schools across the state will be closed on Tuesday  #hmrd via

What up EYE OF SANDY?  I guess we get to meet, you fat bitch.

Friend and Fellow SigEp Steve Hofstetter finds out Sandy is not a fan.

Praying for all my friends. Heck, EVERYBODY affected by hurricane sandy. #sandy #hurricane #wakeupworld #lovetheearthdontkillit

#ooc Breaking 4,000 followers almost softens the blow that the hurricane has left in my roof.

I woke up to mad rain and super windy again. Sandy bipolar ..

Everywhere sandy has hit she did big Damage and made it hard for millions of people to live right now! Everything around u house is down

thanking God that my luh cousin is okay cause he is up there where sandy hit !

We do thug things like wonder around in a hurricane

Sandy is one destructive hurricane. Crazy, right?

Sandy kickn out dhaad gust!  I ain't Neva seen a female sooo upset

Nice try #Sandy, but I'm still dangling.

Helpful article - Sorting the Real Sandy Photos from the Fakes - Alexis C. Madrigal - The Atlantic

IMPRESIONANTE !!! Parking garage in financial district in NYC during #Sandy  -- chopsuey_1990

The lights just flickered twice  this hurricane is honestly just representing my mood right now #bye

[Conservative Blogs] Chris Matthews on Hurricane: How Long Before Trump Accuses Obama of Engineering This?  #tcot

#BADLUCKBRIAN Goes into space too avoid Hurricane Sandy.. Hurricane Sandy follows him into space.

Live Hurricane Sandy Coverage Very useful info. via

Is thankful to NASA, FEMA, NOAA, FDNY, NYPD, hospital workers and rescuers out risking their lives to help so many in need. #RALLYNYC #Sandy

This hurricane has been predicted in three big movies The perfect storm, Day after Tomorrow, 2012 that's crazy.

It's fascinating to watch the informative and very human tweets about Sandy combined with total bullshit. Plus, jokes. Kee

Approximately 2.5 million people have lost power because of Hurricane Sandy - what a b$tch!!!

Be safe East Coast .. Hurricane Sandy isn't looking good. Prayers up.

May Everyone in the Eastcoast stay SAFE  keep POSITIVE #Sandy

long island medium is what people watch when they're stuck inside thanks to Sandy.

I'm ready to put my pimp hand down on #Sandy lights on hoe

I Lived In Louisiana When Hurricane Rita Hit So I Have Experienced That FeelingSo Im Praying For All The Hurricane Victims

Transformer across the street, 861 Bay Ridge Ave, sparking. On hold with both 911 and Con Ed. No answer. #Hurricane

Pretty pissed that the power outage fucked up my Apple TV #Sandy

Everyone Take The Time Out Say A Prayer For Everyone #Sandy Is Affectting !!!

Oh no, there's a hurricane and now the worlds ending #no #shutup #yousoundstupid

Hopefully that hurricane won't be around much.longer

Heard about hurricane sandy Best wishes and luck to all. #thinkingofu

10 deaths are blamed on the Hurricane ~ will cost billions  over 5 million now without power

At least he tryna get those sales up tho lol if u in hurricane sandy download meek millz album n it will make u forget u in a hurricane lol

Nah yo. U ain't finna make it Lmao ya Lil gon be gone within 5 minutes i got sandy on my side #Bow #squuuad

Just realized tomorrow we have a Hurricane Day. in Ohio.

YOU SHOULDN'T OF WOKEN ME UP!! I WAS HIBERNATING BITCH!  #SANDY

I feel like the sandy parody accounts aren't really funny at all because people have lost their lives in this storm.

Me n #Sandy had a good run now she's just fukn with me. Power on, power off, power onI'm goin to bed! #nitebitches #SleepinWithFloatiesOn

I can report that the lights are still on. I do so via twitter, because I still have Brooklyn 'nets. #Sandy

Hope everyone is staying safe during hurricane :. Can't sleep. Work opens late tomorrow I guess? Might just take it off.

Been watching #TWC abt #Sandy  I'm still praying! Hope my fam is okay! Hadn't heard from them in a while! #goawaysandy :(

Praying that you are safe  secure as #Sandy pass through. Take care! XO

Cleveland's getting smacked by the hurricane though nobody has power and all the schools are closed

If you're trying to keep up to date on the hurricane follow

In surprised isn't chasing this Superstorm Sandy up the East Coast..

I think im just gunna stay up till sandy hits us cause why the fuck not!?!?

2.8 million people without power in the US due to hurricane Sandy

The real tragedy is the lack of funny Olivia Newton-John or Grease jokes. #sandy

you call this a hurricane? i call it a storm.. we had worse thunder storms then this!

#Sandy's hereshe took my power an hour ago

YO, If sandy really gone, We just racked up racked out on food for centuries.

With any luck, Sandy might do some campus cleanup and wipe out riverknoll #OnlyAtRIT

Even when there's a hurricane outside I still have unneccessary things on my mind

Lol everyone is making it sound like sandy is a human DKM

I just woke up,getting ready for work and drinking coffee while there is people facing a hurricane#DamnHurricaneSandy

Anybody here with friends or relatives in NY affected by Hurricane Sandy? I would like to interview them. Pls RT, tq!

fuck you sandy for not reaching all the way to illinois.

I see hurricane sandy floodin places! Got sharks in ppl neighborhoods

Gizmodo is down!! Fuck you, Sandy. Whore.

Snowmageddon vs. Hurricane Sandy in Meridian, lmao.boy will we have stories to tell our kids.

Waited 3 years for a new album. Excited to listen and a perfect way to end this hurricane. Thanks, guys! #NewHorizons

How long until talks about the econic benefits of Sandy like he did with 9/11? Broken Window Fallacy:

My prayers go out to the east coast. #staystrong #SANDY

#Sandy is an absolute nightmare. I'm wondering if they will be activating more National Guard troops to help with the aftermath

It is crazy out there, SANDY just took my neighbor's fence.##wannasleepinpeace##damnit

Sandy wasnt even serious at all

#Frankenstorm is quite modest. #Sandy is now a #Superstorm with more destruction to come. The wind keeps howling here

lololol he sleep if he need hot water he can always come over. Hope sandy dont pick him up doe.

My my Sandy, what a big storm you have.

Verizon is strong enough to outlast a hurricane #whatsandytaughtme

Praying for those facing Hurricane #Sandy and the hard-working first responders; gut-wrenching updates about the

Pls RT for NY and the first responders of #Sandy #NYPD #FDNY

The reporters in the hurricane seem crazy, but how about the camermen? They suffer most of the negatives, but no one even knows their name

My heart goes out to all katrina victims tonight. I cant even imagine what that was like after going through this hurricane.

like, #sandy 's wide awake but twitterless meg is knocked, hardcore. #betchwakeup, #moveover #stophoggingtheblankets

okay sandy, you can be quiet now. I need to sleep. #settledown

hurricane sandy why must you be so loud?

I hope all is well with the victims of Cyclone Sandy. Be safe  well. Peace. -Matt

Why are we looking up hurricane names #wtf #TheShitMeJennyDo

About to eat real good while sandy acts a fool outside lol #teamdominicano #dr #dominican #washheights

My knee seems to be really pissed about the hurricane coming #oldwomanproblems #sandy

InstaSnopes: Sorting the Real Sandy Photos from the Fake:  Great resource. (via

Time lapse animation of Hurricane Sandy (0:22)

made a Keymix while sandy going ham outside the stu that's #Motivation right there

Sandy dont wanna mess with Philly.

If I was president, at least our military would have baillonettes to fight that #sandy ! #RomneyStormTips

Bitches cant see me like i walkin through sandy

Blog entry: Sandy storm update#8230; we#8217;re all fine here now. How are you?:

Cuz, tell me about Sandy! How you doing? I'm worried. :S

So my team play tomorrow!!  Hope sandy don't fuck with my cable.  #HEATNATION

Why is it so windyy:'( this #sandy nigga best not be hittin bradford, or imma call up ma boys LOL

Cargo pants fight off hurricane winds when worn.

I promise hurricane sandy wont kill me

I truly did not realize the impact of Hurricane Sandy. Wow. Insane. Prayers are going up.

That Hurricane Sandy flooded sharks in the jersey shore you know she bad

Must see #video: #USCG rescue of the HMS Bounty during #Sandy:

#QUEENS U/D MULTIPLE HOUSES ON FLAMES. RQ BACKUP, THEY CANT REACH TO COMPLETE FIRE DUE TO FLOODING. HELP! #SANDY #911BUFF

Sandy just do you girl

These hurricane sandy tweets aren't funny at all considering I have family on the east coast. #growup

Lets stop inviting Sandy over for dinner

Looks like we survived #Sandy here in Philly and southern NJ. Now hoping my friends and family continue to be doing OK in northern NJ  NY.

BREAKING: KRUGMAN SPOTTED BREAKING WINDOWS IN LOWER MANHATTAN, CITING LACKLUSTER GDP GROWTH #Sandy

If We Had Visitation He Would Be Down Here , Fuck Sandy .

Sandy slams into New Jersey, swamps Lower Manhattan - Washington Post: Moneycontrol.comSandy   rt #unemployed_usa

sandy is a monster! Oh the pain! Oh the suffering we have suffered!

Cuddled up underneath my covers, #Sandy go away I want to sleep!

Well, sandy is about to knock down my house. I'll survive though. Goodnight all, maybe I can sleep this time.

Lady died in Toronto from hurricane sandy:(

Thought to end the night: The northeast will wake up to a horrific scene. Tens of billions of dollars likely in damage. Historic #Sandy

Mortgage Rates : Improving On Hurricane Sandy,  #MortgageMarketHeadlines #CorePCE #FHAmortgagerates #mortgagerates

5 fake hurricane #Sandy pictures floating around social media.. A MUST read.

right. Poor Mitt couldn't fly back. Cuz, you know, #Sandy just showed up w/o warning. Not like you could SEE THIS SHIT FROM SPACE!

lmfao tell everybody to twerk against sandy :O

It is not funny to joke about a hurricane! Lives have been lost!

make that hurricane your bitch lol

This is my only tweet about the hurricane which is mostly over.  It's cold out.  It got cold.  I knew it would fucking get cold.  Fuck

Tomorrow morning we see what Sandy has brought upon NYC and the rest of the East Coast.

lol tru I got you next hurricane

or is sandy blowing him? Pun intended.

In the last few hours CNN had gone from 300k without power, to 600k, to 2.8 million. Wow. #sandy

I would rather have a house  place to sleep at then not have school.So everybody who wants the hurricane to come stfu.

First tweeted about Sandy exactly 8 days and 1 hour ago. It's unbelievable how well the models, especially the European, nailed this.

Matt please tweet me if you are safe from Sandy

cuba thinks their hurricane has passed OH NO they don't kno what's about to hit them #4days

In 10 months there will be a baby boom of girls named #sandy

hope y'all are unaffected from Sandy!

Hurricane Sandy may be coming to the East Coast, but it's nothing a Ford Truck can't handle!

can this hurricane be over? like it breaks my heart seeing all the shores being washed away. like the shore I go to is gone. like wtf.

Talk to my Bro mikehe say dat hurricane is nothinq to play wid

Got home to find the trees bending in half, the garbage bins on the run. Did a quick yard cleanup. #Sandy is getting a little ugly, but OK

hurricane sandy? why y'all bitching about that? LOOOL! it aint coming to ur bitch ass

it's just a farewell party, you guys - at least pretend to have fun.  NY, i'll miss you. #Sandy

Winds are still relentless! Have NEVER seen anything like it. Ever. #Sandy

Some Niqqa In Maryland Talked Shit About Texas .. That's Why Sandy Is After Us !

Hurricane Sandy hits #travel, cargo; costs unclear - Edmonton Journal :

SUPERSTORM SANDY: Over 5 million people without power across 11 states! #Sandy #Outages

yeah well hurricane Sandy is a bully and I don't like bullies.

Hope all you guys in the North East are okay.  Stay inside, don't play, it's dangerous outside. lots of hurricane xperience, its dangerous.

10 years ago I'd never have imagined only one hurricane in a year to hit Virginia.

: pressure map indicates #Sandy center is just east of I-83 near the Mason-Dixon Line.

Shower Time Than I'm Hitting The Sheets! #Sandy betta b gone by time I wake up!!!!!

can't even bear these updates about this hurricane and not feel sad and worried sick ..

Sandy don't be so insensitive I'm trying to sleep.

LMAO Ms. Sandy got her scared

its actually really wierd to think that it took a hurricane to get grand island to cancel for just one day.

Amazing read about being a heroin addict during Hurricane Katrina  #heroin #HurricaneKatrina

Some point in my life i am gonna be danny and sandy from grease with someone. #itsgonnahappen

Wow 12 people dead from the hurricane already and it's only just begun. #PrayingForThem

Why all cyclones and hurricane have such funny names?

Lord Please Please be with all of our loved ones, please let #Sandy pass

Hurricanes prove how far microphone technology has come. I wish we'd have dinosaurs instead of clear mics tho #Sandy

Only people affected by Sandy can write snarky hurricane tweets. Everyone else should b soaked in fri

Hurricane Sandy can move along anytime now

watch ya mouth Bitch don't make your hurricane experience worse then it has to be

Been on Sandy stuff since 8am.. goin back at work at 8am. gonna hit the sack. Today is a day meteorologists dread. prayers 2 everyone

If I were a betting person, I'd bet my flight won't go in the morning. But I love being proven wrong. #crewlife #Toronto  #Sandy

Casting ShootMania was fun as usual! Sucks that a hurricane has to screw everything up though. One player had a tree go through his wall.

Medin will be closing down all operations at 2PM EDT today, Monday, October 29, 2012 due to Hurricane Sandy.

Watching the extraordinary footage from the US East Coast. Heart goes out to everyone affected. #StayStrong #Sandy

i also saw that, isnt it like hour away from usthat damn sandy

Crazy east coasters don't even know what to stock up on for a hurricane.  Everyone knows these are essential for

Would long-term inflation-linked longevity bonds help to pay for reconstruction after Hurricane #Sandy?

#sandy watching your show waiting for the storm in Ontario

Everyone that is making fun of hurrican sandy I'd like to inform you that half of my families homes are destroyed and und

In other news my dentists appt. is canceled 4tmrw 8am. Obviously that would've been an #awkward experience w/o power. #Sandy #Frankenstorm

Iblame the media for this shit,hype everything up  nothing happens.Hype it up,people dont listen,then catastrophe strikes. #Sandy

KIKE Live from NY: 10 ways of following Sandy

Sandy Wasnt Shit How The News People Made It To Be . They Forever Getting Nigga's Hope Up For NOTHING !

Toronto is closer to home for me, and there are widespread power outages and already 1 dead   #Sandy

yes and Sandy is not playing.  I though my windows were going to blow in. We're okay though.  Trees down and major flooding

Mary Jane is such a great friend! She's taking such good care of me during hurricane sandy #WhatAPal

Calling it a night, Grateful  Blessed with another day  my prayers go out to those and their families being affected by Hurricane Sandy

Sandip Patil's book: Sandy Storm. #Justremembered

To everyone working at NYU Hospital, you're all inspirational. #trueheroes #sandy

Dog rescued from hurricane #Sandy! Thank God for #firefighters! 3

If Americans start comparing Hurricane #Sandy to the September 11 tragedy that happened in New York then the weather must be a terrorist!

Sandy's back ground music * Make it rain Tr**K *

that is some serious shhhh going on with hurricane #sandy

it was ok, happy the hurricane did t really hit yet

BREAKING: Power outages from #superstorm #sandy reaches ~6 million -- 5,923,758 customers in the dar

Ball Machine | Sandy Springs Tennis Center

What a SICKENING display it was 2 see OBAMA delivering his statement on HURRICANE SANDY! Is that supposed to make up for

New York Power Outage is storm-related, watch the video of the ConEd explosion:  #Sandy

Keeping those affected by #Sandy in my thoughts and prayers tonight, could never imagine having to evacuate my home and

HURRICANE SANDY - NOT PERFECT STORM ! Runnemede NJ, a town that usually loses power sometimes in a si  #video #newjersey

I'm amazed, and very grateful, I haven't lost power and my trees along Lake Huron in Port Huron, MI. #Sandy is wreaking havoc this far away.

Images from Inside Hurricane Sandy  #art

#Sandy to Geithner: I'll show you what 'Wall Street needing a bailout' really looks like

Constant sirens in Toronto :( hope everyone's alright, getting scary #Sandy

Went from praying for the power to come back on, to sleeping on the couch. #snuggle #bug #boy #crazy #sandy

I know I've been watching the news knowing Hurricane Sandy was coming but still when it finally arrived I still took it as a surprise.

Sending love and support to all the people affected by #Sandy. Don't take risks. Stay safe. 3

sandy want a box plus taxbitch kept me from my Royal Tweeple

Water pours into streets, tunnels, bldgs in lower #Manhattan as #Superstorm #Sandy passes

I had to reply , he worried about trynna sell CDs than sandy

My thoughts and prayers to everyone in the path of #Sandy tonight ,so tragic

Wishing all our friends on the east coast a safe night. The images from Manhattan are incredible. #Sandy

Hurricane Sandy, please stop hurting people's lives. #notfunnyanymore #thankyouandhaveaniceblow

What better way to spend being suck in your house during #sandy then with your closest friends beer board games and pizza #isurvivedsandy

Just because my Nickname is Sandy! Don't Call Me #HurricaneSandy!

And much respect to all the emergency crews working to keep people safe. #sandy

Thanks for your courage to use #Sandy for political gain while East Coast drowns in darkness.

#hoboken #sandy thanks shae!! So much appreciated! Did she say why? Assume extreme flooding?

Now off the coast of Florida you have sharks Has anyone seen sharks during a hurricane?

ok sorry i wont rt the hurricane sandy account anymore lol im done peace out

Hurricane Sandy Tweets Are More Annoying Than The Ted Accounts.

All those impacted by #Sandy are in our thoughts tonight. If you need resources, or would like to help, visit

I'm really worried right now, praying my family in NJ are ok  praying  are ok. #Stressed #AnxietyAttack #Sandy

Sending safety  #peace to all my family  peeps along #sandy path! I think I've tried to reach most of you. xoxoxo

I Dont hear Sandy any more!

gee thanks.. Stuck in a hurricane over here #feelingthelove

Nuclear Plant in N.J. on Alert as Sandy Tests Industry: Rising waters from Hurricane Sandy put a nuclear powe  $$

The hurricane sandy account is getting annoying now!!! Please kys

Hurricane Sandy brings actual real life sharks to the streets of Staten Island, NYC:

An earthquake, a hurricane Not a good start to the week. So who all are thinking about that Mayan end of the world prediction.

Sky News keeps going on about super sandy. We ain't interested in the football guys we want to know about the hurricane in America

Fat Albert references in his interview w on an empty set is absolutely hilarious #Sandy #classicmoments

Hurricane bawbag would boot hurricane sandys bawbag

All the Sandy news makes me want to restock my earthquake bag :-/

My goodness!  One of the few good pics of flooding in the heart of New York City #sandy #hurricane

I always freak out about stray animals during a hurricane :(

Heartfelt thoughts  prayers go out to those on the East Coast in the midst of hurricane Sandy.

I hope it's  all ok there Ben..i see that sandy its very angry

Sandy in New York: Radcliffe Roye Takes Over Instagram  #photojournalism

Lol to the ppl saying that sandy was weak as shit and if that was itY'all dumb asses begging to have y'all roofs torn off.

bl gaming by candlelight bc fuck u hurricane

sandy. Now only if she could turn class off for me tomorrow

lol kidding i would happily get my ass to work even if its pouring down rain outside and Sandy is out there

thanks for keeping me up sandy, your such a bitch.

How's everyone affected by the Hurricane holding up?

Times like these are when I wish we had cable #sandy

hurricane drinking game: take a shot every time the power flickers

thx!   Frankenstorm = October Surprise: #Sandy, Katrina  the Specter of Climate Change

Hurricane Sandy forces sea water into the Ground Zero construction site tonight.Photo via Associated Press

I feel like Sandy isn't a mean enough name for this hurricane. Katrina? She sounds like a total bitch. Sandy? She's a squ

People whining about politics during hurricane: no, actually, this is exactly the time to point out climate change is re

You haven't been swepted away with the hurricane have you.

50 millions People - Evacuated Hurricane Sandy - Super storm 12:24 AM EDT: Sloan Kettering Hospital  #video #nyuhospital

This viral photo spreading throughout is NOT of hurricane Sandy but should still be honored and respected. #WWP

How can people be making jokes about a hurricane. I don't its funny that people's homes, families, and lives are being destroyed

Hurricane Sandy: 30-feet-tall waves claim famous US ship

Volunteers help Eastern Seaboard brace for Sandy  #ColumbusIN

Storm Watch: Alec Baldwin Braves Sandy by Taking Dogs on a Walk

Superstorm Sandy: 10 Dead, 5.3 Million People in the Dark

Hurricane Sandy is battering the connection to NDim currently. Hopefully the problem will be resolved soon.

Is this sandy bitch still here or what??

have a look at this pic. Water levels and a shark in the water. #sandy

I bet the Amish hate sandy more than most people #lanc

LMFAO my exact thought when I heard about the hurricane .

Yesss the hurricane is over thank God cause it could've been worstand I hope everyone I okii

May God bless and keep everyone safe who is going through hurricane sandy.. Amen

Just saw a transformer blow north of yonge  bloor. Crazy blue light. Power now out. #toronto #sandy

Pray for the people on the east coast thats in the hurricane

#sandy This is first disaster live coverage, its quite interesting. #twitter #Sandy

(22)Gaza ever since). Hurricane Sandy is expected 2 disrupt the campaign and voting in the 2012US Presidential Election,ESPECIALLY THE

Stay safe, city of my future residence! #prayfortheeastcoast #Sandy

#Live #forecast - At least 10 dead as massive storm Sandy slams U.S. eastern seaboard  via

Prayers going out for everyone effected by Sandy in any way.

Loud humming and then HUGE blue flash of light in s. park slope  looking south from 12th st and now sirens.  #sandy

I wonder why there's names for natural disasters like hurricanes. Hurricane Sandy.. Hurricane Julie, Tom and Dick.

Valid point and agreed!  Hope #Sandy does not divert momentum attention for voter turnout in unaffected areas

Hurricane Sandy. Power outages everywhere. Dad is working and is so busy.

BREAKING NEWS: At least 5.3 million people are without electricity across 10 states and the District of Columbia affected by Sandy. CNN

power lines casually catching fire outside my window #Sandy

Fill up your gas tank, prices will spike due to 6 refineries shut down due to Sandy Storm.

I obviously need to go on an unfollowing spree, because if you think hurricane sandy is funny, I sure in the hell don't want ur da on my TL!

I'm telling youif a hurricane like Sandy is to hit TrinidadI better not be at my place alone. Someone better be braving that with me!

Off to work in this hurricane superstorm whatever you wanna call it

#sandy 6 million now without power in the east  #congress Can election be extended so everyone can vote.

#hurricane this made me laugh so much

This hurricane is just making everything worse! #IShouldBeOverYouByNow #Goodnight

Sandy cock blocked odee. -- LMFAOOOOO . stfu

#worldnews Key effects possible as Hurricane Sandy heads toward Eastern Canada - Globe and Mail

To my family and friends living on the east coast, please be safe. #sandy

Who the hell piss SANDY off cause she damage everything

You would have thought people would have learned from Katrinaa hurricane is coming lets not be a dumb ass and stay in our houses

Woah.seeing water levels up to windshields up to 34th st #Sandy #Hurricane

Sandy's storm surge is currently only matched by the surge of alcohol new Yorkers have flooded their livers with in the last 24 hours

Sandy got mad cause we weren't taking seriously. RIP power ;(

At least five million people are without power across the eastern US as a result of storm #Sandy. LIVE

RT if youre wetter than Sandy

I should point out that I love the internet because it's like an advance warning signal for danger in situations like this. #sandy #hivemind

your not in new York.. Sandy ain't hit the D so calm your happy ass down nigga

prayers up for my family and all those affected by sandy

stay safe, thoughts  prayers to you  everyone in Sandy's path.

Hurricane Sandy - a true first world problem.

This Hurricane was soooo weak I knew it was all hype!

Cold wind blows so I had to blame Sandy

Superstorm Sandy Flooding New York Streets [PICS]: Sandy is flooding New York's streets, as the post-tropical  h

Why do they give such innocent names to the worst things? Hurricane Satan makes more sense than Hurricane Sandy.

A Message to you, Giant Weather Being. #Sandy

Wow at least 5.3 million people are w/o electricity across 10 states and DC affected by #Sandy #Hurricane #besafe #praying

Pics I took in Harlem as Sandy subsides.  Flooding 148th 3 station #NY1Sandy

Slept all day n now I can't sleepwtf got damn it sandy

how do you survive an hurricane? i want to life later in the U.S.A but i dont know how to survive natural disasters

AP: Lower Manhattan is dealing with massive outages and huge flood, said NY Mayor Michael Bloomberg.#Sandy

Gorgeous shot - Manhattan Enveloped In Darkness   #sandy

I must apologize.earlier today I posted what I thought was a real pic of #Sandy.Turns out the pic I posted was a fake.Sorry about that

New jersy takes direct hit from sandy

Now all I want to do is skate in a hurricane with

#NYC please stay safe when #Sandy drives the CHUDs to the surface

Hurricane little bear , or hurricane softy

Sandy continues to wallop the D.C. area well into the night; even worse elsewhere: Sandy is pummeling the area w

Obama's been on his rug thanking Allah all day today that Hurricane Sandy has taken the headlines off Benghazi and his disastrous economy.

We have to ensure multitasking during #sandy and keep the political machine running. PA, VA,  NC need phone calls and door knocking asap

Sitting in the dark and in need of music.damn sandy, robbing me of

Next hurricane im demanding a sleep over we all cant be bored in different places!!

Apparently by mandatory evacuation they mean optional evacuation #sandy

Hurricane Sandy moves into southern New Jersey

praying for all these families  myself and my family  friends.Too much goin on and the ppl in Sandy #besafe

Realized too late that I do have friends and family in Sandy's path, but I also really wanted to be sincere about it.

Sandy is pinching her out right now #cantgetenough

oh shut up about Alex Gaskarth insulting Ed Sheeran get over it. There's more important things to worry about like, oh HURRICANE SANDY!!

leave sandy alone dont be that guy who try be brave and go outside

I don't hear sandy any more

Sandy struck landfall on the eve of a full moon, when high tides are at their highest. Coincidence?

NEWSALERT. Uraganul Sandy A UCIS 13 americani | LIVE VIDEO

lmao yes cor..its the hurricane blowin up peoples noices ahha

Its a pity the US elections are so close. A debate on climate change is in order, #Superstorm #sandy #Frankenstorm

People tell me Hurricane Sandy isn't hitting here but if you ask me the wind is way stronger than usual it may just blow down my dorm.

This sandy storm better not kill me. I gotta see in a few weeks. #nyc.

Hurricane Sandy Creates Some Scary Moments Aboard The Disney Fantasy

Who up where niggas at I'm tryna dip out man #Sandy bout phony

chilling famjust sending my thoughts  prayers to you  yours during Sandy.

You know #Sandy is visiting when you see furniture blow across your front yard like a leaf in the wind.

Watching the footage from #Sandy on tv can't believe what I'm seeing hope all the east coast are safe

damn sandy didn't get ya

Ma Nigga Dillonin here changing the room around for Sandy

nooothing just Chillin in hurricane sandy lol you ?

Previously was hurricane bawbag, the next one will be hurricane fannybawz, u heard it here first

Where is Sandy Parents ?? Come get this Chick

Need some sex ,sandy fuckin up niggas plans Smh BITCH

Sure hope my bro is still doing well #Sandy

Wow I had no idea this hurricane was this big until I just watched the news #omg

It appears that the wind tore a billboard apart and severed the #TTC lines at Calendar and Queen West #Sandy #Toronto #Parkdale

Floods across New York as Sandy slams into eastern US - Reuters: The NationFloods across New York as Sa  #GoogleN

I'm protecting Kat from the hurricane lol! What are you listening to?

We are on the east coast and have a lot of orders to fill. Please hold tight while we recover from sandy. We have

Damn New York is getting raped by this #superstorm ! hope all my family and the people in afffected areas are ok! #sandy !

Hopefully the show on Wednesday nite is still on and hurricane sandy passes thru

Aerosmith all the way!!!!!!!! You made me forgot about hurricane sandy :)

Let's spare a thought for those people affected by Hurricane Sandy!so sad to see all those images!Much love to all of them!

Lord please protect all #sandy victims

Obama obviously faked the Hurricane because his numbers were dropping. Or Romney did. Or both?

Sandy a ho for messin' with my niggas on the east.

Hope the rest of my family in New jersey is safe! Glad my dad is safe, just mad he missed Monday Night Football due to power outage! #sandy

so much incredible video and frightening images taken of hurricane Sandy on our local news. Please be safe, everyone.

12 firefighters had to be rescued because they got stuck while rescuing people in Long Island.. #Sandy

warmer oceans cause more evaporation leading to more frequent powerful storms  #qcpolusa #sandy

7emdellah all my friends in the US are fine w mb yaynhm shay mn hl sandy storm

Post-tropical storm #Sandy is now located just south of Lancaster, Pennsylvania - via

you should make a track about #sandy

Love Hugs  Prayers to Hurricane Sandy Victims, Survivors  Families. God Bless!

Twitter did not exist in 2005, but I think it would be interesting if we could compare #sandy vs. #katrina updates.

I feel like I can't even tweet anything about my life because nothing compares to sandy anymore

Nine dead, floods across New York as Superstorm Sandy slams into eastern United States  via

Praying for all the #sandy victims. They are getting hit hard right now!!

Tropical Storm Sandy Forces Late-Night Cancellations, Reruns: Hurricane Sandy had already done plenty, and then it

Hope my family is ok Sandy doin Damage out there #WORRIEDSICK

Watch out for Hurricane Tonki ko Limpopo.

Sandy I'm disappointed we didn't meet #youmissedus #overexaggerated

More photos show flooding in New York City, including two subway stations | Liveblog:   #Sandy  via

Lmaooooo!! foooood? From where , you havent heard of hurricane Sandy? Or you living under a

Superstorm Sandy: Death toll at 13 - New Zealand Herald

Safely home, and tomorrow morning back to work to deal with all you angry people.. #ConEd #Sandy

Prayers for my countrymen in Sandy's path!

My heart goes to NYC. Do not worry, in the morning you will still be the best city in the world. #Sandy

Shatter every window till its all blown away  #Sandy

Wished I was nice  comfy in my room. Fuckin #Sandy.

Needs more photo shopped sharks! Haha What Times Square looks like right now #Sandy

Prayers out to those most affected by #Sandy. Be careful east coast.

Praying for everyone that are effected by the storm in the states Hope everyone will be safe.. #Sandy

Ha ha ha! #RomneyStormTips But seriously, hang in there East Coast I hope #Sandy dissipates quickly.

I been texting Sandy lil ass all day

how about a retweet for your east coast fans in the hurricane! #nothingbutlove

Espectacular: Overnight View of Hurricane Sandy [image]  #HurricaneSandy#fb

Sandy sweeps in some good news : Romney up 7 pts by Gallup  #lnyhbt #rush #nobama #RR12

lagta hai aap kay pass to sandy hurricane aya he nai as u r busy on twitter :)

#Sandy not 'here' yet and there are trees crashing on cars, wires down, fire on Queen St and debris slicing peeps?! #Toronto stay home!

Laying in bed in the basement and I can hear the howling wind and rain. Just outside Hanover, ON. #sandy

Am I the only one hoping Ottawa gets a little more than battered by this #Sandy lady? Guess so.

Sandy not as bad as Yasi in some ways - Ninemsn

Makes you wonder why All the hurricanes are named after womensandyKatrina

*waiting anxiously for someone to blame the hurricane sandy on #cabinetreshuffle*

If Sandy hurts my family, I am gonna karate chop her ass!

Shoutout to all of us for surviving Hurricane Sandy.

ada storm sandy es.. Ngeri yah.. Let's pray for them :)

The First #Hurricane #Sandy. Sandy has happened before, sort of. Source:

Our house also took a hit :( also in the Keele and St.clair area. Stay safe everyone and be careful! #Sandy

But telephone poles  trees still litter our streets could be a while before we get power back. Thanks for nothing #Sandy !

Battery Park boardwalk flooding as Hurricane Sandy storm surge arrives

One question about Sandy: nukes? Are we in danger of our own Fukushima?

This storm is freaking insane ! Praying for everyone affected #sandy

My thoughts and prayers are with those affected, and especially with those devastated, by the hybrid-hurricane monstrosity of Sandy.

LT-- also, how was hurricane driving?

Stay tuned to whats happening on Hurricane Sandy - live on YouTube

Twitter News Superstorm Sandy Flooding New York Streets [PICS]: Sandy is flooding New York's stree  scai school

#Sandy expected to bring 3 feet of snow to WV mountains, 2 feet to parts of Va. and up to 18 inches to Tenn.-N.C.border.

Did you plan a vacation only to have Hurricane Sandy hit? Michael Finney takes a close loo

So not only is Sandy giving them hell with wind/rain/flooding etc, she's spawning a blizzard! Tf?!!

Fact: There are 75,090 homes without power in Staten Island as of 1:30am #Sandy #ConEd #NYC #NY1

There's a hurricane in the back of her throatAnd I think they named it Sandy

I didn't take this hurricane seriously at first because of the name #sandy my mistake

My peds teacher can't fly back home because of hurricane sandy, hope that everything will be okay

I hope u and your fam is good. Sandy should have been named lil Wayne.shit is crazy bruh

Leaving #roc, it's a bit windy out. #Sandy

How's you Jill?? You safe over there?? #Sandy

So 13 deaths in the US and 67 in the Caribbeans Sandy is getting worst i see!!

what goes on right now holy shit sandy is poison

Where the hell was my invite to the Hurricane Sandy festivities? See, y'all don't really love me *teardrop*

I should b deep into #ac3 thanks #sandy

Just when ya thought sandy was a good girl she gern all about fckin everyone!

Listening to some #Necrofusion until #Sandy passes lol best music to listen to during a hurricane hahah!

This #Sandy storm had me reading books all day. #reading

Genuinely upset I couldn't go to GameStop to get Assassin's Creed 3 because we were getting some rain from Sandy.

Sorry about all those who couldn't enjoy it, but the Hunter's moon was a sight to behold tonight.  #Sandy #huntersmoon

Sorry to those that suffering from hurricane sandy,,,,! In africa we don't get hurricanes.

Well power is out! Does anyone know of College has power? #Sandy

Report: #Sandy Forecast to Hit #NewJersey #NuclearReactor With Same Design as #Fukushima No. 1

People on the north east coast!Just because the center of Sandy has passed over you,the damage will continue.Please B care

Morning tweeps just watching all the coverage from Ny #sandy

RT Still Without power here in lower manhattan. Winds have calmed but things far from over #sandy

Sandy better toughen up so school can get cancelled for the week #reallytho

How Hurricane Sandy impacts the US economy: | AP News

#Sandy looking bad but not as bad as some were projecting.

MTA chairman: NYC subway system is 108yrs old, but it has never faced a disaster as devastating as #Sandy  via

A view of New York tonight 2:02 am est. Hurricane Sandy: View From Above  Even w/ outages notice how

Prayers out to everyone in the east coast being affected by the hurricane. Stay safe everyone 3

The ambulance line at NYU a little while ago #HurricaneSandy #Sandy

I'm done for the night but and are still going!! Wow. Rockstars bringing you #Sandy latest!

Whatever problems I have now seem minute compared with the threat to life of millions affected by Sandy.

you came and you blew me oh Sandy  wait. That came out wrong.

Hit her wit the hurricane sandy tongue

lol I'm not that sleepy. I'm watching the news  seeing the damage the hurricane did today  talking to u guys lol

Yay! How I Met Your Mother was a repeat due to the hurricane.. : ) so happy

I hope everyone's well in the East Coast! Heard Sandy left the city incredibly damaged.

Hurricane Sandy isn't serious god the wind is beat boxing

U know ur bored when ur looking for shit to do  during a Hurricane

Oh our brotherssisters in USA our heart here in Kuwait with u May ALLAh save u ,Protect u and May Allah have mercy on you #sandy

Superstorm Sandy surges into NYC: A 13-foot surge of seawater slammed into New Yor  retweet

Remember to pray for all being affected by hurricane Sandy  the police officers/firefighters working to protect residents of these areas.

So there's Hurricane Sandy, and astronomical tides here in Malaysia causing daily thunderstorms, earthquakes in the states. End of the world

Rescue video: Sandy sinks tall ship HMS Bounty replica off NC; 14 saved, 2 missing (updated)

I cannot deal with this insomnia! Haven't smoked all day, fuck i need a jay! Fuck you sandy!

#Sandy could help Voters reward more than punish incumbents for quick action in face of severe weather.

Anyone know if Ewing, NJ got hit hard by #Sandy?  Have a friend that lives there.

I have a sneaky suspicion that V.I.K.I. created this storm to keep us all in our homes. #iRobot #Sandy

People going crazy with this sandy shit

Sandy Batters the Northeast: Live Updates on the Superstorm  via

Survival tips for Superstorm Sandy power outages: USC Head Football Coach Steve Spurrier could not provide a def

Now the power is going in and out. You're obnoxious #Sandy

The only Sandy I knew before this was Sandy Suzuki. ~Lenggang lenggang kangkung~. She was not as devastating as this one.

#sandy this made me laugh so hard right now. ?

#frankeinstorm #Sandy blamed for 13 deaths on the US eastcoast, live on

PAKIS LOVE KIDS: Papers cover Sandy devastation: Papers focus on 'super storm' Sandy as it h  #edl #bnp #bfp #mdl

PHOTOS: Superstorm Sandy Hits Tri-State  via

My thoughts go out to NY and everyone affected by hurricane SandyStay strong but more importantly, stay safe

If you're reading this, you still have internet connection. Relax. Stay safe. Think about this Sandy instead

Can't watch my #HIMYM!! screw you Sandy! :( Praying for people in the East Coast tho. Be safe out there everyone!  #HurricaneSandy

Hopefully the next hurricane is named after A-Rod so we don't have to worry about it hitting anything. Or Tony Romo, it won't touchdown

in d end #sandy may cause more devastation in new jersey than new york, which means more Patels being affected than americans

Its just painful seein pple loose deir houses n properties.God help cos is u only dat cn prevail.#hurricane sandy.

From the looks of it, if power does go out here it will be later tonight, when things are expected to get better, faster to restore #Sandy

#FLDolphinTours Obama cancels Orlando visit ahead of Sandy#39;s landfall

#lt tell sandy blow my juice this way Since she wanna do so much.

Sandy kills 12 people in US, Canada - At least 12 people were killed Monday in the United States and Canada as the m

I would just now hear about the hurricane popping off in NY. 3

NYU medical centre with no electricity. Evacuating 200 patients to other hospitals. #Sandy

Sandy get yo ass to cali, i wanna swim to school tomorrow like #oomf!!!!

New York Stock Exchange will remain closed tomorrow due to Hurricane #Sandy

My apartment is flooded and in shambles, but I can't complain. My sister made it through #Sandy and didn't have to evacuate her apt in CT

I hope all East Coast family made it through #Sandy safely! God Bless USA.

how is it?? Imma Miami during hurricane season now haha

Good morning from a battered and bruised New York City. Will have the latest on #Sandy live on and

More than 765,000 power outages so far due to Hurricane Sandy. Latest info on TV and our live blog:

Going to New York in less than 2 weeks. Don't know whether I should be excited or worried? #Sandy

Sandy I don't want no classes, but please watch out for everybody's valuables  don't harm anymore ppl. Capiche?

Decides to visit the north east, forgets about hurricane sandy.

Why hurricanes hit the U.S. East Coast and not the West via   #Sandy #Hurricane

People are talkin shit about Sandy when houses in your town have literally burnt to the ground  have entire trees

We talking hurricane, you talking #teamunited!!! People should start praying for others abeg!! East coast is down!!!!

The internet's gone eerily quiet. Don't know whether to chalk it up to, y'know, nighttime, or worry that half the US is underwater. #sandy

Dear Republicans. Climate change would like to buy a subway token. NOW.  #NYC #Sandy #p2

So, how many people in the path of Hurricane Sandy are watching the musical episode of Daria right now?

hellooooo lovesss!!! bad day with hurricaine Sandy my power was out for most of the day and night til now so

#Sandy,when all else fails..Gaurd ya family..the bitch ILL.Lights out,Shits Real!

#sandy - it's 6:30 here in the UK, how bad are the winds over there now guys ? What speeds are the gusts reaching?#hurricane

Sandy is trending at #1 in India and at #7 in Atlanta. *slow clap, very slow*

Superstorm Sandy slams into New Jersey coast: Loading Photo Galleries  NEW YORK - Superstorm Sandy   #lasvegas

Hurricane sandy has hit phi delt

Hurricane Sandy Washington, DC: All Flights Canceled At Dulles, Reagan Airports - Huffington Post:  #all

NYC: The #Sandy tide is coming back again to NYC at around 8AM and they expect more floodings in some areas. #sandy

this #sandy footage is nuts. keep cool over there ninja

Number game took over facebook, Instagram,  now twitter. Thanks alot sandy

Sky News - BREAKING NEWS - Superstorm Sandy Batters US  FUCK ME!!

Survived #sandy in #Arlington with full power.  a miracle really.  others not so lucky

OMG  Unlike Irene Sandy is one sassy bitch.

Eerie night listening to the wind that sounds like race cars with distant sirens in the background. #Sandy

Probably, there were network issues but outside our networks. Sandy may be causing trouble somewhere.

I hope no one in the city of buffalo actually thought that this hurricane was gonna hit us bad?

Maybe this hurricane is the beginning of the end of the world? #2012

If I had to experience hurricane sandy by my lonesome i would go into a deep depression

Lovely picture of as Dog being rescued from hurricane #Sandy! Firemen are not only saving the people!  v

I just left my own hurricane in the toilet

These US guys who r tweeting instagramming abt #Sandy, how come they have no lights but internet intact? Is it a scam?? o_o

Hurricane made me realize the news is all depressing this is why my news station is ESPN

Well this is starting to get preeeeetty bad in the northeast. Please hold on. #Sandy

What if gangam style is a actually a rain dance, and the result is hurricane sandy?!

Now That Sandy Calmed Her Bitchy Ass Down .. Dj's  Promoters Begin Their Job .. Announcing Upcoming Events lol

fire fighters doing such a stirling job #sandy

BREAKING NEWS ON CNN: At least 13 people dead in U.S. From Superstorm Sandy, Plus 1 in Canada. Storm Previously claimed 67 in the Caribbean.

stay safe my point park friends #sandy

Were the two crew members from #hmsbounty ever found ? Oh hear us when we cry to Thee for those in peril on the sea #Sandy

Lost power in hurricane power. From the looks of how many trees are downed, I might not get it back for awhile

Ok! I'm out again, Tweeps! Car is safe and I'm going to try to win this Scrabble game by candlelight. #HurricaneEntertainmentStruggle #Sandy

Finishing up a wild night of #Sandy programming at The All of YOUR tweets tonight were amazing! #thankyou

Waves crash against a previously damaged pier in Atlantic City, New Jersey, as Hurricane Sandy approaches landfall

New music like Sandy music Slap Weh make them know.

Judging from the pictures circulating on the net about #Sandy, it looks pretty intense. Don't forget to make du'a for everyone's safety.

How is everyone tweeting during #sandy ? I sneeze on my phone and it suffers water damage.

KXLY gets eyewitness accounts of Sandy's power

That's what I say Becky being safe in OR although we had a hurricane once 50 yrs ag Oct 12!!

Love having a huge surrounding tree two feet from my third story room/windows with 70 mph winds. Catch my drift? Stop knocking sandy

kudos 4 braving the storm 2 bring laughter in midst of the insanity. I'll take the Cali earthquakes anyday! #Sandy

Alex D News!!! SANDY ROMPIENDO

Next time there's a hurricane I'm gonna throw a D-Wade party lol

IS SITTING IN THE WHITE HOUSE WATCHING SANDY ON TV IS MOUNTING A RELIEF MISSION IN DAYTON OHIO TOMORROW ENOUGH SAID

Roanoke New York streets flooded as Sandy slams into eastern U.S

Can it be is down, because the hurricane #Sandy? YouTubedown

Hope everyone stays safe in New York! #sandy

Hurricane Sandy NYC Photography by Daniel A. Norman  via #sandy #hurricanesandy #nyc #brooklyn #manhattan

Beautiful is out 3 Thoughts to those in the path of  #HurricaneSandy #Sandy .. I need to reconnect wit

#BreakingNews: #Sandy Update; total number of people w/o power 6,535,896. Across 13 states and #WashingtonDC.  #Sandy #News #Weather

Sandy math: Reason there's no action on climate change? Congress in bed with the fossil fuel industry.

#IAOP extends Global Outsourcing 100 submission deadline to Monday, 5 November due to hurricane Sandy (new deadline: 11:59 PM EDT)

Hurricane Sandy should come on over to California and cancel school

Sandy waitin on sponge bob  Patrick .. Stupid bit

To all our friends on the east coast, nothing is more brutal then metal music in a hurricane.  Just be safe

2 week ago, i was in new york, i can't imagine.. #Sandy

Glad I don't live on the East coast! #westside #sandy

yes! Exactly what I was saying yesterday. It is like the hurricane started in new York. I have heard no mention of damage elsewhere

#DearGod, Watch over and protect my daddy during the hurricane please.

Only my building would have a fire drill this late in the night during a fucking hurricane !

11 people have been killed by Sandy? :S Look after yourselves, East Coasters! xx

True fact: Mitt #Romney's budget would require 34-53% cuts to FEMA's budget:   #Sandy

#Sandy didn't fuck around!! Much love to all the people affected in the states #muchlove

weird catch-line from AP - 'US Superstorm Sandy-Entertainment'

Sandy wallops New Jersey, kills 2 in Mendham  via

haha it's cause they're sending my boyfriend out to the east coast to work in the middle of a flippin hurricane!

Thoughts go out to those affected by the hurricane :-((

Hurricane Sandy claims famous tall ship off North Carolina coast: Elizabeth city: The final hours of the HMS Bou

Who else thinks that hurricane in America is a sign of the end of world is happening?

I forget my cousin lives in new york maybe I should text him and ask him how hurricane sandy is treating him

Stay inside safe from Sandy

I am. Luckily, I live in the one corner of the country that won't experience hurricane fallout.

you are the zenmaster. Sandy boutta run train thru New York. Cuse canceled class today, tomorrow, and maybe Wednesday. #yeahhhh

Fuck them goddamn lights, I got 12 candles I've been waitin to burn them bitches #sandy

Looks like Hurricane Sandy has been able 2 do what terrorists nvr cld: stop US in its tracks. Makes me think we're fighting the wrong enemy

Thoughts are with everyone having to deal with Sandy and her aftermath #staystrong xx

That's odd. Maybe something related to the hurricane?

Thia shows us that there is only One SUPER POWER .. Allah the only Mighty One .. #HurricaneSandy #Cybergeddon #Sandy #America #NYC

Hurricane Sandy: The Manufactured Crisis to Save Obama - Dan Bidondi reports from new york on hurricane

If Ed #Hochuli made love to #Sandy their child would be Hercules.

Hurricane shreds NYC high-rise condo crane: Editor's note: Inman News Publisher Brad Inman is in Manhattan, wait

Shocking, but amazing pictures from #NYC #Sandy. Most noticeable thing isn't the damage, it's the American positive attitude. Admirable.

I'm never up this late, I need Sandy to go away so my life can resume back to normal!

AY005/AY006 flights HEL-JFK-HEL tomorrow will be cancelled due to #Sandy . We'll keep you informed on how the situation dev

Damn Sandy destroyed NY,just water,thunder storms,wind,no power,dead ppl,injured ppl,house fires all in one#:-s hectic.let's pray for them

Then you find out they ran a test scenario of a super storm called hurricane Sandy in 1997 . #Odd

WTH! Interesting: No Hurricane or Tropical Storm Warnings Were Issued for Sandy  via

I couldn't sleep well because of the hurricane. I can't stop worrying.

i never see you on twitter this late Sandy keeping you up too? Lol

Where are all of the homeless people staying during Hurricane Sandy?

FAAAAK THE hurricane #SANDY - I beat the fuck out of her with my little finger!

Its no longer called Hurricane Sandy; they now call it Superstorm Sandy~ Americans

And in case we're a bit preoccupied with #Sandy a typhoon is smahing up Vietnam and has so far killed 30 people

What Hurricane ? Oh Yea I Forgot

Spare a thought for all the animals which have been caught up in this #sandy

Unprecedented records being set by #Sandy. Who says we have an issue with climate change? CmonWhere's the data? Prove it HELLO!!!

This is heights of copying the western stuff! Cyclone NiLam #Sandy

Thoughts are with all the people affected by hurricane Sandy.

Fuck this I'd rather dancing the hurricane rain.

So, Sandy has killed 13 people. #myvapidexceptionalismletmeshowyouit

As #Sandy causes #20bn+ destruction readers of Shock Doctrine know who will be creaming themselves at what comes next

i was really hoping that this hurricane would fuck shit up

TRANSMITIENDO EN VIVO POR  INFORMADO SOBRE ZAPALLAR Y LOS OVNIS ADEMAS TODO SOBRE SANDY !

Hurricane sandy is crazy! Stay safe NYC Homiessss! But seriously, I hope everyone on the east coast is ok! #nohurricaneisgonnabringusdown

Wild images from Hurricane Sandy: Shark in front yard

So all these #Sandy pics that tweeps tweeted from the USA are FAKE?!? Wow! Twitter kodwa. Post shit up, just for mentions

Listen guys we've all made our hurricane jokes but lets not forget about this like that oil spill thingy that I vaguely remember happening.

I hope this not wat they called a hurricane -____- cause that was a basic ass thunder storm to me..

please go swim in hurricane sandy ?!!

MTA says in108 years they've never faced any like #Sandy. 7 subways flooded underEastRiver

NEWS - We've spoken to who's originally from Eastham, about the conditions in New York overnight. #sandy

The media report: 13 people are dead, by hurricane Sandy. What the hell is going on with our clima?!? My thoughts are wit

Wow, Sandy is demolishing the east coast. My prayers to all affected by it.

I never liked #Sandy: stranded at the drive-in.

The Mutant Mouse Chronicles: Superstorm Sandy Damage Update - 3 AM October 30th

Stay safe everyone in new york x #Sandy

fuck it u said u hot so sandy will cool yo ass down lol

have em thinking is Sandy's bitchass

Better batten down the hatches along the East Coast, y'all. Keeping everyone in the path of Hurricane Sandy in my prayers.

Only in the Metro could they compare #Sandy to 'a wet day in Manchester'

this hurricane in america is just the beginning of this mayan shit, worlds definitely gonna end

Tidal flooding in Chesapeake Bay with storm surges 2' to 4' esp Tuesday afternoon  night - Ken Widelski, NWS  #Sandy

It is straight up snowing!! That's crazy. #sandy

They should have named #Sandy #Jets or #ARod. Then at least it wouldn't touchdown or hit anything.

Tonight is outta pocket . Alicia listening to scary rock music  Q tryn to off himself cus he hungry.Sandy what did you do.

Tree branch in yard devastated over night. #Sandy

I am concerned about the effect of sandy storm on Americans.. Then again, I knw dey will be fine. Wil d flood victims

sandy storm has killed 67 people so far in america,more than 100 nigerians will be killed by malaria,accidentsduring child birth

Upstream OnlineBrent slips as Sandy dampens US oil demandUpstream OnlineBrent crude slipped below $109 per barre http

Looks like sandy has come to setia alam as well.

Time to knock out some sit ups n push ups staying in the house all day from hurricane leads to eating more than normal

Got a text from megan saying the hurricane isnt effecting her area, aww yeaaaah

#Gossip #CelebrityNews Snooki, Lindsay Lohan and Kim Kardashian Tweet About Hurricane  #InstantFollowBack KKNews

Hurricane Sandy created havoc in NY, Nilam in waiting to hit Chennai

Also, out in the elements w great #sandy coverage on #nbc10

My heart and prayers go out to everyone in Hurricane Sandy's path. May you find courage and shelter in Him who is o

Sandy: Tom Lewis from Dinas Powys in Washington, Rhodri Evans from Rhyl in NYC and Ashley Weaver from Manhattan stranded in Port Talbot 0815

Rock you like a hurricane has new meaning to me now#instantcoffee

Mother nature is going as a hurricane for Halloween. Screw that bitch, she always has the best costume. #hurricanesandy

Just woke up and recreated a mixture of Cyclone Nilam and Superstorm Sandy in bathroom. Have flushed thrice but . no luck.

My thoughts and prayers are with everyone affected by hurricane sandy xx

More than 200 people and 5 pets are staying safely at a hurricane shelter on the Lower East Side tonight. Pets

Stormy Sips: 5 Hurricane-Themed Cocktails: 5 weather-related cocktails to sip on while Hurricane Sandy brews.Nor

be safe siswe pray no life is lost in this Hurricane Sandy

Real Estate news | Real Estate Recovery Challenged by Sandy: Mortgages: The U.S. real estate reco  | Read More

my apologies then to you. Thanks for clearing it up. x :-). Have you been affected by #Sandy? If so hope you are safe still..

Think they'll postpone the General Erection due to #Sandy ? #makessense

#frankenstorm #Sandy responsible for 13 deaths in the #US, plus two missing from the #Bounty..

I'm sure u r the only one whos enjoying #Sandy that much.. :)

Superstorm Sandy: Top videos on Twitter (NDTV News): Share With Friends:  |  | Top News - World News Stories, RS

we'll name the next hurricane Kitler so you don't get confused.

Look after each other NYC.. #Sandy

Guess I have to drink all my beer tonight?  Thanks #sandy

She has not d slightest idea which region sandy is hittin, talk bout millions of lives ll b lost that, is a rich man's hurricane

Hurricane SANDY, Dear LORD comfort all persons  nations affected. Amen

Hope you Americans are cool. Dont let Sandy blow you away.

Staying Sober Through Hurricane Sandy

Due to Hurricane #Sandy, all flights to/from NYC today  some early flights from EWR  JFK tomorrow, are now

Hope you're OK. Stay safe, friend. #Sandy

Hurricane sandy was like the sex I had last night, it took ages to come and left a soggy mess afterwards #donttellsally

Frankenstorm Mixology: How to Use What's in Your Liquor Cabinet if #Sandy Takes the Power Out:

Everyone in the path of Hurricane Sandy should head to their 2nd or 3rd homes for safety. #RomneyStormTips

Its 4 AM EST and I am not sleepy at all. I am mentally prepared to be playing #wwe13 all night but Sandy had other plans. 2morrow! lol

Still have power. Caught up on Walking Dead. Took a wine induced sleep. I think the worst is over. Unless Aaron has to work tomorrow. #sandy

same god who started the hurricane or a different oneThat's why the Romans had a number of Gods with different functions.

#Sandy Update: Approximately 1/4 of the population of New Jersey is now without electricity. (via

Watching live reports about hurricane Sandy is funny because the news reporter gets knocked to the floor by the wind and then the camera man

If you have not seen Hungarian RSOE EDIS website, tracking disasters globally you should it's a great resource:   #sandy

guess i should go to bed now that its 4 am #hurricaneprobz #sandy

#sandy #Brooklyn #new york.  3 alarm fire burning houses in Brooklyn's Rockaways. Transit chief: worst disaster in s

Looking forward to having our CEO back safe after he got stuck stateside due to the storm. Wishing all aboard a safe flight #sandy

We still up playing games vamping on sandy! #pow

I didn't see anyone I knew, just some random sandy-blonde girl :(

Nothing brings out the Jewish in a mother like a hurricane. #sandy

Morning all. Just read 11 ppl have died due to hurricane in US and 1 in Canada. So sad.

Instagram for Hurricane #Sandy shots from photographers in the field  via htt

NY officials say #Sandy is the worst disaster in the history of the city's public transit system.  Subways shut down

No effects from Sandy here yet, hope everyone is safe out East

The Hurricane on Jupiter will fit 3 Earths. Red spot. #Sandy I know no life on Jupiter. Just a perspective is all #Cosmology

#Sandy Cyclone Hits America . 14 Died Still Now :( Sad

Nothing like a huge hurricane to clean up all the std's on the jersey shore.

I reckon I done more damage to Glasgow city centre last night than Sandy did to New York. Gym membership renewed! #BadLesley

This nigga lift me up on a hurricane! Dreams and nightmates!

Images associated with Hurricane Sandy make me wonder if people realize the difference between photographed and photoshopped.

Hope everyones alright and safe stay strong hurricane sandy will be over soon

FTSE 100 futures are marginally higher, up 0.1% this morning, although trading volumes are likely to be light in the wake of Hurricane Sandy

God cannot suffer u beyond ur limit. D ones we have, we're unable to cope yet. Will He want to wipe us off. Imagine #Sandy in Naija

Obama  Mitt may have forgotten the loaded climate dice,but the dice rolls during election time to. #Sandy

The Tik Tok cover is the latest thing to make me love Hurricane Sandy. That bitch serves up gale force realness.

I thought Bella was gonna have a heart attack last night because of sandy

twitter has been utterly amazing for keeping people updated and connected during the hurricane. You SHOULD be p

Millions braced as superstorm slams coast - Superstorm Sandy slammed into the US coastline and hurled a record-break

Sandy is being a b*tch. Spinning on thursday?

Mona; the double agent, you released #Sandy and flees off, poor NY

Hoping all my American friends stay safe, fk off sandy nasty bitch .. X

I like that attitude #gogetta even when theres a #hurricane #dontsleep

Lots of reflective thinking during #Sandy .in between the naps, tweets,  snacks.

Day 2 of #Sandy coverage starting right now on #7News I'll see you in #Westport where E Beach Rd is flooded

after channel surfing for best coverage on storm sandy , msnbc rates number one in all areas of interest . WELL DONE !!!!

Sandy has made landfall and is impacting 60-million people. The latest on the storms track and devastation coming

I favorited a video  Hurricane Sandy Landfall Radar Loop - KOKX Upton, New York

hi been thinking about you all. bet you are having a great time. hope sandy missed you xx

looking at my timeline it seems like hurricane sandy took out the internet as a whole lol

gone back to #BBCNews; wrong country even, with other stories, but still more #sandy than #cnn.

#DCLimos Call us for any car needs.  #Sandy #Hurricane #limo #limos #carservice weekend get away.

waking up to no power, it being 4:30am, and having to pee  #awesome #sandy

Nite LuV'z Safe  Blezzingz Who'z goin through Mz Sandy..hope asap we'll get power bac!!! LIPA get on Ur JOB!!!!!

Statue of Liberty reopened yesterday after a $30M upgrade -- just in time to brave Sandy:

Hope everyone in the states will be safe from this Superstorm Sandy!

America its not that I don't care about ur hurricane. Its just u got all help u need + 99% of world media coverage. #Rohingya got nothing

#Nature can be dangerous, yet it can also perform wonders. Stay safe everyone in the #USA! (#Sandy)

#Sandy, you are now officially an unwanted house guest who has overstayed her welcome. Please get the hint, take the fruit cake  depart.

Hurricane Sandy forces New York Stock Exchange to shut on Monday - The Times of India

More Hurricane Sandy help: Google intros Public Alerts to provide crisis information via search and maps  via Jon Rus

Sandy leaves trail of dead as Ontario braces for superstorm's worst: People across Canada h  - NationalPost #News

(MI) .THE REMNANTS OF HURRICANE SANDY MOVING THROUGH THE NORTHEASTERN U.S. WILL CAUSE 50 TO 60 MPH NORTH WINDS ON

Waiting for the sun to rise in NYC to find out how my kid is weathering Sandy. Thinking of the other 50 million people affected, too

Hope sandy doesn't do too much damage, makes english weather seem fine! #sandysucks!

We'll be live in Pennsylvania at 11gmt getting the latest on Hurricane #Sandy - are you affected? Get in touch if it's safe. #whys

lmao tort so! Ah waiting to get up see the damage Sandy did over!

Okay now I'm worried, Sandy is no bueno. Praying for all ny friends and family back home.

Hurricane Sandy expected 2generate winds of 85 MPH or more, heavy rain/ flooding. Insurance companies could see $5 to $10 billion in losses.

side of apartment building gets blown off by Sandy!

It's all gone a bit apocalyptic #2012 #Sandy

So J Lo just tweeted about the hurricane app. Cool.

Definitely feeling the effects  of Sandy in MI. This wind won't let up!

and now with #sandy and the floods in NYC family are more important than ever. I hope they're all well and safe #thinkingofyou

Be safe please xx our thoughts are with you xx #sandy xx

We've got you covered!  All the latest #Sandy info at

There are going to be a lot of people on the east coast #USA fed up with #iPhone battery (lack of) life. #Sandy

lol what has that to do with sandy

Tired chops, big day watching sandy hit New York

have you been affected by #sandy dude? #staysafe

Dayna Carroll wrote to us just before Hurricane Sandy struck. Read about the success she had with Stain Solver

They should name hurricanes with black people names. I'd be terrified of hurricane Shanaynay!!! *L0L*

S. Sayville may be flooded but at least we didn't completely lose power all day/night! #Sandy

Hurricane #Sandy: major #fire in Queens engulfs 50 houses -  - #meansofescape

are you talking bout Gina?? Yes however, a pal told me she lives in basement apartment in NY where #Sandy hitwe pray she ok

#Sandy has blown one of the 'A's' off the USA Today building in VA. But don't worry: All part of our redes

Sat in bed thinking the weather is rubbish and then putting on the BBC News Channel #biggerpicture #Sandy

Hurricane Sandy That's the shit people won't like.

Just as we went out exploring we got this #sandy Village

Hurricane sandy stops filming and production of gossip girl in NYC because the upper east side got damaged and is without power

that's alright then. Any idea how long #Sandy is going to be over NY?

Sending much love to everyone in NY and the other parts where #Sandy is going through. Stay safe 3

A 90mil penthouse huh?? Damn NYC #Sandy and that crane are relentless

storms within storms seducing more storms within  #sandy

I see the USA is suffering from a hurricane.Karma makes no mistake!

Sandy won't stop family's N.C. trip

damn stress! Omg! Read the rweets about the hurricane sandy. Damn sad. ):

11 hours and still no power. Cmp, get your shit together #sandy

New York City Just Can't Seem To Catch A Break First Bin Laden Now Sandy

I have never seen something so amazing yet terrifying  #sandy

Yea no Internet at home. Gonna rub some sticks together to start on breakfast. #Sandy

RT Upon her NYC arrival, #Sandy has requested that we now refer to her as Saundra

Sandy Rosenthal: Sandy on Hurricane Sandy

Definitely hope it's not nuclear.. Hurricane Sandy: Video of Explosion at NYC Con Edison Plant

RT if you Died in Hurricane Sandy

Awks. Nvm. i forgot about the hurricane

Now US will need a Bottle Bulb #Sandy

Having a hard time comprehending the damage being wrought by #Sandy my thoughts  prayers are with those on the East Coast #NaturalDisaster

The MTA has never faced a disaster like Sandy? I see the C.H.U.D. cover-up continues to this very day.

hope your all ok with that hurricane and I am possibly will be over for my birthday feb :)

#Sandy left 65millions ppl without power so no lights sea water in the subways uprooted trees  buildings damaged it's like #DejaVu #Movies

Storm Sandy kills up to 16: Super-storm Sandy has engulfed the eastern United States, flooding much of New York

We prayers for everyone's safety in USA during this time of threat of hurricane Sandy.

Damn Haven't watch TV n a minute. Didn't realize it was the World Series( prolly cuz no didn't know bout hurricane til yesterday

how is everything over your way?hope all ok and safe from #sandy !it looks so scary watching on news!6wks till we arrive!

up at 5:14 this am, but i cheatednever went to sleep. Sandy coverage all day yet not tired. #norestforus

Get the latest on #Sandy - watch Today In Alabama w/  starting at 5am.

Been watching a loop of Hurricane Sandy for the past half and hour

Super Storm Sandy 2012 | Collapsed Homes, People stranded on Fire Island, House Fires

get your #sandy news and updates and learn how you can help at Follow for sandy tweets

trying to think of a serious headline. unfortunately can't get away from 'sandy takes the US by storm'

#weather Netweather. Sandy Wreaking Havoc, UK More Benign But Still Unsettled: The northeast of the USA is getti

I feel so bad to the people who faced Hurricane Sandy :(

Busy morning at One dead in a house fire in Lakeland. We're also following the latest on superstorm Sandy. Wake #UpWithABC

Knock Knock | Who's there? | #Sandy | Sandy who? | look closely, you are just holding the door, rest of your house is gone!

This man waits for way to travel out of manhattan #sandy making travel around the burrows almost impossible #sandy

Intuition is one of our greatest gifts - use it during this time of transition and reach out for help when you need it #Sandy #Sandyhelp

Hurricane #Sandy is in full force on the East Coast of the US; our hurricane survival guide might be of use.  #staysafe

Sandy came along to show that big problems of life are just too big for small governments; and to warn that even bigger problems are coming!

Our thoughts are with the people of #Manhattan. Stay safe and positive! 3 #Sandy

Power outage  snow all the way in Indiana.  #sandy

where did the Sandy live blog go?

While your inside because of #Sandy, look at these new #US #vacancies!

Hurricane sandy ain't shit da news be wellin

Thinking of everyone caught up in #Sandy, sending heartfelt thoughts and

TT Twitter Italia 10:30: 1.#PrayForUSA 2.#staystrongAmerica 3.#Sandy 4.#LittleThingsIsPerfect 5.#VIPcommestibili 6.Windows Phone 8 7.USA

I feel sorry for the people on the East Coast, good to see the brunt of it is over.. #Sandy

Well, can't take this way to work. Thanks #sandy

Hoping my godmother and family are ok xxx. #NYC #sandy

Just woke up from the sound of the strong wind  its been raining alot lately.. Yarab ma teeji sandy hurricane :(!

For all the latest Sandy updates, tune in to our live blog, we've been updating it through the night

Really though who names these hurricanes - Sandy wtf?! Shouldn't they be called something much less innocuous like Voldemort or Satan

Ouch! Subways are flooded. Good luck #friendsinnyc #sandy

My prayer goes out to patients in life threatening situations and their family members where sandy is creating so much

Hurricane Sandy safety tips before during and after the storm

Kudos to the #NYU nurses who evac'd babies down 9 flights of stairs. without power. in the dark. #sandy

Madness was only in New York a few weeks ago. Sandy was crazy

Dreamt sharks were swimming round NYC because of the hurricane and its actually true #psychic

thoughts and condolences / concerns to all those in hurricane sandy please try and stay as safe as possible xxxxxxxx

Wow the sky looks quite scary here at jurong east. We getting the tail-end of #Sandy or what?

Grease (9/10) Movie CLIP - Sandy (1978) HD Oh, Sandy.

(Please read the fine print for update on Hurricane Sandy)

UFO over Hurricane Sandy Viewed from Space Station, Oct 2012.

Glad to hear that reports of #Sandy aren't as catastrophic as predicted, but it's still raining and mega dark here #Swedishproblems

Hurricane Sandy update: We have power! That's all I know right now. I'll get up later and check the damage outside

I am watching this bitch sandy fuck up north America ( yea tht shit real

Relentless denialists explain that Hurricane Sandy in no way proves the reality of climate change because shut up, ju

I'm really getting annoyed with instagram hurricane pics. Take regular photos please folks

Brent oil price up over $109 as Hurricane Sandy threatens partial operation shutdown: The price of European Bren

Former CIA officer pleads guilty to hurricane status, the Jersey shore Monday due to revealing identity of contamination months before me

I just want this hurricane to go away and everyone to be ok though :-( #prayforamerica

Anyone with videos of #Sandy from their phone or camera please upload to  or use our free iPhone app

Hurricane Sandy gonna create some grease lightning tonight #worsttweetever

GM , it's not raining anymore, and i don't hear any high winds and my power is still on, so much for Sandy, bah!

[Video]: Major fire in Breezy Point, Queens. 15 homes destroyed, 170 firefighters on scene  #Sandy #NYC

Disaster capitalism as Naomi Klein so articulately laid out in 'The Shock Doctrine'. #Sandy

Sandy effect: Shopstyle is down, noooo! Seriously stay safe.

latest image of sand hurricane pee cee please take care.think about us when u take ur next step http

#sandy treft newyork wel erg hard :)

Slideshow: 13 Restaurants Ready For Hurricane Sandy  via National

Sandy did some damage last night

The History of Sandy.  Light rain and winds less than 10 mph in Alexandria.

Hurricane catcher beastie - for all my friends affected by hurricane #Sandy

(( Thinking of you all who are in NYC at the moment 3 3 3 ))#HurricaneSandy #Sandy

the hurricane is called sandy not Percy lol I'm such a drip !

how you all doin? Did Sandy hit Chicago too?

PHOTO: This is the flooded FDR, the main highway around the East Side of #NYC Photo by #sandy

Sandy's winds dying down. Latest forecast.  #hurricanesandy #forecast

Reuters: Reuters Today: Risk assets hold on despite Sandy threat

I survived #Sandy, she wasn't that bad here. Basically watched TV, ate, boozed, and snuggled with my baby. Good times

Hurricane Sandy Bears Down on Statue of Liberty:  via#FakePhoto

HOLY Hurricane Sandy 2012: Superstorm batters US coast, Manhattan goes dark, 6m without power, 16 dead  via

Hurricane Sandy has made me really homesick. (Yeah, I don't get why either)

We're looking for scousers caught up in Sandy - could we have a chat? DM us your details and we'll be in touch

If this bitch Sandy don't do one soon I'm gunna have to fly to NYC and sort it myself ffs

Not only have the people in New Jersey gotta deal with #Sandy now they gotta watch out for SHARKS! Fuckin SHARKS'

Why is it that HURRICANE is always named after WOMEN? Hurricane Katherina! Hurricane Sandy? Why?

My deepest sympathies go out to those who have lost their lives and families through hurricane Sandy.

I wake up to Sandy still on her period ..smh *goes back to sleep*

Indians talk about hurricane Sonia!

Hurricane Pet Preps: DogsLife carriers would keep them safe.

[video] Pirates of the Caribbean schip vergaat in storm Sandy

#sandy new video of trees getting blown over in #newyork state

Praying for everyone thats been hit by Sandy x

Being hit by a hurricane and snow storms is just unfair; bit like having acne  wrinkles at the same time.

I didn't even know NYC had a hurricane season.

Sandy's Speed Reduced Danger To Vermont  #VPR #VPRNews

its the tropical storm that's given a name, which turns into a hurricane. They are done from a list of different names

I can't help but notice the USA is being raped by Hurricane Sandy yet the news is playing jolly music over the top. h

Hope everyone in New York stays safe throughout Hurricane Sandy. #PrayForNYC

Shark on NewYork street! Maybe it's photoshop #Sandy

As #Sandy hits the US, UK activists occupy  gas fired plant with supplies for a week  #nodashforgas

Watch TODAY online Tuesday morning for latest Sandy coverage   via with LadiesHoodJournalReporting

Looks like we will continue to see rain today and some through early Wednesday morning as the remnants of Sandy

Reaching out to all my NY + East Coast peeps. Hoping the worst of #Sandy's assault is over. Keeping u in my thoughts  prayers. Stay safe.

Hurricane lamp came in handy for Sandy :) rd Rye NY

All ppl who r tlking abt Hurricane Sandy must visit Millan Subway in Mumbai during monsoons every year!

Over 4100 without power. 65 mph gusts, non stop. #RemindsMeOfOki #Sandy

I met a transvestite called #Sandy once. By all accounts she was Southport's No. 1 Dido tribute act. Doesn't say much really.

my 3G is spotty, but I can't hotspot from my iPhone anyway. This hurricane is dumb!

Gawker Drowned And Out In Hurricane Sandy Chaos   Not good to see 33 Whitehall Street offline

Im Praying Too Every person that live where Sandy is! And RIP to the people that have died

Thanks for the follow have done likewise.Hope you are safe with the hurricane being there

#Sandy. Forewarned is forearmed. Imagine what the 2004 tsunami must have been like. No warning. 240,000 dead.

so much for getting lots of sleep on my days off? goodnight sandy, or shall I say, good morning.

my pt is climate chg lovers r willing to point to Sandy as evidence, but a blizzard as evid of converse would be laughed at

the hurricane is getting closer to where u are???? :O are u okay? Is it safe?

Amin.. Please God protect my family in Martha's Vineyard from Hurricane Sandy.. :(

Hurricane Sandy: Report of 3 feet of flood water on the New York Stock Exchange floor following storm surge.

Praying for our friends and family in NY and NJ #sandy.  We have not been given a spirit of fear but a spirit of power, love and stability.

Cllr Ian Bond on ship in middle of Hurricane Sandy

Investment banking will fix hurricane damage, says Romney  via

Hurricane Sandy storms the internet | My compilation

I am watching form the Netherlands on TV about the storm Sandy. And you are doing a great job . Good reporting. Keep it up

Good Morning. How is everyone? You guys still hanging in there? #Sandy

Beautiful sunshine today. We are so lucky. Heart goes out to US affected by #Sandy

Sandy slams ashore, bringing chaos for millions  via

Gas prices rise as Hurricane Sandy hits East Coast

Sandy: To all those near enough, be careful, be safe don't play brave/stupid and if directly affected, I wish yo

Had a friend in college, called #Sandy. Wonder if he'd be proud (or not) on seeing #Sandy trend at #1!

Waking up to mayhem? Send us your #Sandy pics

OIL FUTURES: Crude Settles Up 23c at $86.28/Bbl; All Eyes on Sandy - Wall Street Journal

oh my god what if the hurricane is actually the first step to apocalypse omg cya

#Headline #Popular Sandy slams into Atlantic coast, sends surge of seawater against NYC  #MustFollow MPNews

NC has a hurricane at the beach and snow in the mountains at the same time! #crazyweather

Live update on Hurricane #Sandy! It's still raining!

Anyone in the path of #Sandy that can share updates that we can talk about on the air? Specific prayer requests?

Business| High winds, 25-foot waves forecast in Chicago as result of Sandy: The National Weather Service has iss

I think that Sandy uprooted my house and moved me to alaska. #freezinginmyhouse. thankfully this fireplace is about 15 degrees.

Dear Hurricane Sandy, The simplest way to put it. Piss off! Stay strong NYC. Lots of Love,New Zealand x

if i go outside I'm afraid i'll blow away :( why-yi-yi-yiiiii oh sandy #sandyto

VIDEO -- Hurricane #Sandy Take Down Face of NYC Building #LowerManhattan New York #queens #NYUHospital!!!  RT

School is cancelled and just when I was losing faith in hurricane Sandy #TearsOfJoy

Is Hurricane Sandy evidence of global climate change?

After a hurricane comes a rainbow. Stay safe East Coast and NYC

How are things in NY? Especially with this hurricane.

Just checked in on the updates to hurricane Sandy It looks to be even worse than expected. Really hope for the

Will Skudin training in NY during Sandy

I'm listening to Pat Kiernan  on and am strangely comforted. #Sandy

I'm pretty sure hurricane sandy is outside my window..

You want to help people sheltering from Sandy?  look no further

Stop thanking sandy for canceling school and start showing some respect for the people dying. Seriously. This shit is intense.

Ohdayum sandy didn't hit here #sohapppy

My heart goes out to those who have lost in Hurricane #Sandy

PHOTO This 4-story building in New York lost its facade once Sandy hit

Hope my family who live in america or not affected by this hurricane ! It sounds bad #SandySucks

Praying for all the people who are working in the #Sandy storm! Pleading The blood of Jesus for you!

These pictures of #Sandy's impact on #NYC are incredible. So thankful my friends  family here are safe #hunkerdown and #sendgoodvibes

not sure I saw images and video of the south side of funtown pier getting beat up just before #sandy made landfall

Glad I have power to get ready for school. #showeringinthedark#sandy #hurricanesandy

Can't believe the images of New York. Looks like something out of a film. #Sandy

plus side to basement sleeping, didn't hear a thing last night. #sandy #sleptlikeababy

What's with these old skool names for Hurricanes Irene and Sandy? wtf sounds like a little old lady n her dog.

Safety should be your #1 concern right now. Be very cautious around fallen trees and downed wires. Minimize driving. Stay safe. #Sandy

Hurricane Sandy knocks out NYC data centers: Websites, services down   Some CrappySec gonna take credit for this?

In the face of Sandy, Americans should do what they do best, yep, go out and buy another gun

hey baby, where r u? im worried because Sandy wanna destro the east coast.

i'm using rpm on srx210 at home to see how long my power/internet will be gone during the hurricane. #junos is great.

the fact that people are making jokes about a hurricane that is destroying people's lives disgusts me seriously it's awful

Super storm Sandy, who names these storms/hurricanes and how do they know which one is which??

Hurricane Sandy brings down the Huff

They say 83 people died in hurricane Sandy. My prayers are with them

Not even sandy can inspire starpoint to give us a fuckin break #fuckstarpoint

HBR blog: Morning Advantage: The High Cost of Hurricane Sandy

Bron Bron time. Fuck Sandy bro

Storm #sandy has hit Eastern USA with devastating results. Many killed, homes destroyed city's cut off. Nature at its most powerful!

Y'all weren't saying the world was going to end when hurricane Katrina hit?? What's the difference? Just because its 2012? #stupid

Watching the news about hurricane sandy and I can't believe people are on here creating parody accounts and joking about it. #getalife

they would have had me driving in sandy twice yesterday

a hurricane called sandy is tearing the place up

You know Phil. Not a Christie fan. But Floridians deal better with hurricane prep while other learn through trial and error.

Weird to think I have relatives in New York who are being effected by this hurricane. Hope they're ok :/

As #Sandy roars ashore, a silent Wall Street makes history:

Sandy Hurricane in East Coast US. Reminding us how small and weak we are as one of creature in universe while nature fight against us.

Its just school .. Ya ass would be going if sandy didnt come so whats the difference now ?

:( Expecting the Azelphur Server's dedicated server to go down within a few hours due to the hurricane  flooding in America.

In Hurricane Sandy's Wake: 2 Dead in CT, 600,000 without Power - Newtown, CT Patch

I hope sandy turns around and comes back our way

HURRICANE IS OVER FOLKS YOU CAN GO OUTSIDE! *PEOPLE RUSH OUT TO THE STREET AND NOTICE A HOUSE FLOATING BY*

I wanna know what #sandy did outside  cuz I don't see nothing

So many candles lite, the neighbor asked to borrow some power, with his extension cord in hand. HA. A funnier side to #Sandy .

2001 WP won the Currie Cup then 9/11 happened. This year they win again, then #Hurricane #Sandy happened. Thanks WP for destroying the world

If sandy didn't make carter cancel school idk what will

Instead of trying to extort the president maybe should just give the $5 million he has spare to NYC? Just a thought #Sandy

Now you're getting the idea. Why no Sue Perkins, or that other Sue we like from News Quizor Sandy!

Wind Adv. lakeside thru this evening.  Winds will increase this morning with gust to 40-45mph by this afternoon. #Sandy #wiwx

Like if there's any type of strong wind I fall over but this is a hurricane HELP

Sandy is sure to have lasting int'l effects. From travel to food and water. NYC is now a 3rd world country and needs a major rescue effort.

Philippines don't need another catastrophe. HAHAHA. Got that, Super Storm Sandy?

Sandy tearin' up the Jersey Shore=proof that God exists.

Seriously hope that hurricane hasn't gone any where near my grandads!!

hard to think that we're going to New York in 3 months as all if this is happening :((( #sandy

Hoping the good people of New York stay safe during hurricane #Sandy

#NSW  Our thoughts are with those affected by Hurricane Sandy in the US and with: #NSW  Our thoughts are with

hahah! sandy is attracting sharks now. i laughed so much at the weave pic #bitchesgonbemad

On balance too early to finalise but #sandy has been survived: Toll in NE US ~ 10 deaths, 5.2m w/o power, 1,000 each homes/cars damaged

Cool photo: Georgetown rush hour yesterday:  #washingtondc #eerie #sandy #superstorm

If the storm's bad enough to knock out my internet, it's bad enough for me to stay home, eat cereal  drink tea all day. #sandy

What's with storm and hurricane and crazy weathers anddd female names?

get it together Cierra! :) just because Sandy is a mess doesn't mean you can be one too ;)

not being affected by sandy and still not going to school who's mad

80 dead as sandy hits U.S coasts.

MT Predictions before the storm were for power outages up to 10M customers. We're getting very close to that number. #Sandy

Fail: Obama campaign ask people in hurricane path to man campaign phone bank last night. WTH????? #CFSA

I would like to be the first one to thank hurricane sandy for finally putting an end to Jersey shore.

Sandy why you lying to me like every other girl #fuckSandy

UPDATE Hurricane Sandy 6-Alarm Fire Rages In Historic Section Of Queens No Filmin Tuesday In NYC Boroughs AM Shows Expectd 2 Go On Lowr M

Superstorm Sandy batters US infrastructure:  Transportation ground to a halt along the US northeast coast on Mon

I always knew I hated you sandy

Hurricane #Sandy is like something off The Day After Tomorrow :/  thinking of all those affected by it, stay safe x

Dang Sandy is at our necks. Need to call all my people in NJ.

NYC after Sandy: water, fire and darkness

We iz thinking of all our furpals across the Pond who are suffering from Sandy. Sending #healingpurrs.

We continue our coverage of #Hurricane #Sandy with reporter Kejan Haynes who's in NY, next on #TV6ME.

Everyone making Jokes about this Sandy storm but it's an entire town under water/and fire has whipped thru 3 states!

All I keep saying is aight Sandy, I am trying to get paid come Friday don't fuvk that up for a young man

Hurricane Sandy Barrels Region, Leaving Battered Path: The storm battered the mid-Atlantic region, its powerful  htt

People are dying on the East Coast, so I think others should stop making jokes about Hurricane Sandy. Seriously, have a heart.

#JerseyCity: President Obama called Mayor Healy at 12:30 am to assure him federal help is on the way. #sandy

I liked a video from  Be Safe Pack #Sandy

So since school isnt cancelled and people are getting hurt and their houses getting ruined sandy officially #sucks #anduseless

Talk about outstanding #customerservice as sent a touchbase email knowing I lived on the East Coast. #Sandy #hurricane

Prayers for all those on the East Coast tonight. #Sandy

Cuba's Santiago without power, water after Hurricane Sandy via -

it's only a hurricane.. Happens in America every year

Sandy's rude you know, somebody needs too put that hurricane in check.

Obama can dohis job/o doubt!! #vote #sandy #Forward

We hope everyone is safe in the aftermath of hurricane Sandy.

Reflections on Sandy: I ended yesterday's post with this:Hurricane Sandy looks to   #vc #startup

happy birthdayyyyy darlinggg (;  what are the odds of you havng a hurricane on you're birthday tht causes us no school?! Lol

I received three calls from OEM during the night, one at 2:30 AM, one at 2:45 AM and one at 6 AM.  #unnecessary #Sandy

Hoping all is well with the folks who were in sandy's path praying that as you rise today will be a better day than yesterday minimum damage

Watching the devastating images of my beloved NY I'm so sad. Praying for all my family and friends. What a disaster. #Sandy

AT LEAST 20 DEAD IN NYC AREA, 7.5M WITHOUT POWER. What Hurricane #Sandy 's Destruction Looks Like  #Photos

Wat da fuck happen to sandy

Beautiful moving wind maps of the USA created as an art project #Sandy

I picture sandy from Spongebob..

CBS NEWS: Waves breaking 27 feet in Lake Michigan!!! #SANDY #CHICAGO

In non-hurricane related news, a falling out ended a 16-year friendship. A :-) and a relief in my heart.

RT why is my bra bra up smh blame sandy got my chick on ot!

Baby, it's cold outside! Loving the windslept with the windows open..#sandy

FUCK HURRICANE SANDY!! I WANT #ACIII :'(

I was really counting on sandy to cancel school today so that I'd have time to work on my history project but oh well

Momma robin had spoken. You bitches enjoy school during the hurricane!

Seeing a lot of reports showing damage and aftermath of #Sandy. Remember, stay away from downed wires, water, and debris. #SafetyFirst

#Harvard #Business Morning Advantage: The High Cost of Hurricane Sandy  ( #HBR News )

I told that there was a shark in Manhattan. I thought I was hearing things #Sandy

Cramer's Mad Money - Why You Can't Game A Hurricane (10/29/12)  $PCLN $EXPE $ED $MSFT $HD $EXC $LOW $CLH $DG

you are all over d news in america Sandy!!!! :p

What kind of dismally retarded fuckwit would blame Hurricane Sandy on gay marriage?

SCOTUS hears oral arguments in Kirtsaeng v. Wiley, hurricane or no. My report from the Court.

omg 16 people died from hurricane sandy 3 of them kids that is soo sad :(

I'm alive!!! Thank you Jesus!! #jesus #sandy #faith

man sandy one rude Bitch done knocked my damn trash cans down..ugh trash everywhere

EVO Hurricane Sandy Barrels Region, Leaving Battered Path - The Red Hook section of Brooklyn was flooded on Monday.

Just about every second fucker over 40 in an Edinburgh pub is called Sandy.

listen major news organizations, I understand this hurricane and new york being shut down are a big deal but there's other stuff happening

Good morning everyone, thanking Jesus for another day and bringing me and my family through hurricane sandy have a wonderful day!

some good can still come out of the hurricane sweeping the east coast the deaths of the jersey shore cast  piers morgan would be a start

Woke up wondering if your House made it ok? Watching coverage #Sandy looks bad in places :-( #AndersonLiveSandy

Yep,that's Sandy.I'm sitting just out of NYC,no electricity.Heavy winds knocked out the power lines yesterday evening

Never thought I'd be sitting ontop of a mountain in the snow doing post hurricane liveshots. I guess there's a first for everything.

Oh hurricane. Why so serious?

I don't think there is anything worse then walking to a 3 hour chemistry lab at 7 am in freezing hurricane effect winds #HELP

Prayers up to everyone effected by the madness that was #sandy

Superstorm Sandy please stop terrorizing my Banzo in New York!

#Sandy all gone away. So much more fortunate than so many others.

me  tee be wakin up outta nowherehows sandy treatin yall?.its bullshit here

I think Sandy's bitch ass left

Today started with a delay, and now no school. Slow down, Sandy. You're making me nervous.

I'm too scared to face the wrath of Sandy.

Think this might be fake. Hurricane Sandy.

It's mother trucking snowing and raining ad sleeting. And my ass got to go to school withy his hurricane getting closer. #nofair

hi there, hope you all ok and far from sandy storm. Prayer and support for those affected by the disaster xx

Morning everyone, we made it thru the storm without any flooding. No power and some minor damage from what we could see. #Sandy

Couldn't sleep last night. Up early and getting on the trainer. Need a distraction from #Sandy news updates.

Hurricane Sandy: How You Can Help: Hold on for one week. Mark your calendars to check in and donate on Election

I want the next big hurricane to be named may may do I feel like a hard ass

CBS Radio Station in New York Continues Hurricane Sandy Coverage Despite  - Hollywood Reporter  #newyork #news

So thankful that my little world is relatively unscathed from Sandy (a few large branches down and we will be

This bitch thinks the hurricane was a joke. Like millions of people aint lose power  trees aint in the street. My car isn't going anywhere.

Frostburg sure is beautiful when covered in snow. Thanks Sandy.

Yesterday I drove through the torrential downpour that was #sandy and today I sit watching Key Lodge

It's really eerily quiet here in #NYC The silence was broken by the sound of a coast guard chopper flying overhead.. #sandy #pray4NYC

It's 33 degrees and sleeting in Canton, MI right nowman it's going to be a long hour drive to work this morning! #sandy

Obama Declares Disaster In New York Amid Sandy's Wrath: National Weather Service predicts 'historic and life-thr

God bless all those affected by Sandy. The destruction is overwhelming this morning. Out thoughts are with all of you.

sandy you're a piece of shit wtf gurl I thought we were good

Hurricane Sandy: How You Can Help  via

Power just flickered at the house.  These winds are serious and we are nowhere near the hurricane.

IF Grains: Sandy has Effect on Volume: Grains are higher as traders prepare for damage results from northeast US

'OK kids, time to hunker down' Kids, before #Sandy: 'Is that punishment?' After: '10-4, Pop!' One (tiny) upside to storm. #KidsLearnStuff ;

finally some off-his-rocker extremist preacher blames gays for Hurricane Sandy. No, it isn't the usual suspect.  #fb

2003, Hurricane Isabel had me out of school for two weeks. No power for two weeks. Gas was scarce. No food in stores. Flooding.

It could take up to four days to get water out of seven NY subway tunnels flooded by #Sandy

Superstorm Sandy is so sad. Mm :(

Gentle reminder to our brothers in Islam living in USA Re/ Sandy Hurricane:Please remember what Allah (SWT) said

Dont have school from hurricane

Sandy destroyed our front  backyard. Got damn yo everything that was in the back yard is now gone. Wind took the grill  launched it.

Omg places and people being affected by hurricane sandy take are of yourselves D: praying real hard for you guys 3

Just got back to my house, only casualty so far is the neighbors fence. Now I have a pool HAHAHA! #hurricane

Here we r on long island-no power heat or food,but at least i know what Obama has on his ipod! Seriously??? #Sandy

i wasnt knicked cuz i was in the hospital i wasnt worried bout sandy

Now stop acting like Rhode Island could have taken a hurricane head on. We would have all died.

PHOTOS: Hurricane #Sandy in Montgomery County - #GermantownMD Patch

You're one of the heroes out there, keep up the good work :) We're thinking of you all from Britain #hurricane #sandy

God we all know you love this land in all your heart, shelter our people on the coast from Sandy.

All these crows are trying to fly headlong into #Sandy's winds. I'm starting to think they're doing it for fun.

Eat it bitches, thanks sandy ur a babe

Amal how you doing with Sandy thing?? Stay safe, put on your life jacket and tie rocks to your legs lol..

Coco Austin turn Superstorm Sandy into a wet T-shirt competition as she brings  - Daily Mail (blog)

Transit 'disaster' in NYC: Hurricane Sandy's knockout blow left New York City with a massive clean-up and r  #srq

Huh, really? They didn't settle on just that Sandy hashtag?

Damm! Sandy Hurricane Sandy is clearly bout that life.. ( ._.)

Thank you Sandy for moving out of TO.  With 3 more rehearsals before dress, looking forward to tonight's practise!

We have power!  Thoughts and prayers to millions impacted by Sandy!  Waiting for daylight to survey the scene #goodbyeSandy

Getting there: Winds, leaves and debris remain as Sandy departs: The worst of Sandy's assault on Northeast Penns

Obama camp strategy.Near perfect hand gestures/photos during SANDY take voters mind off the brewing storm of Benghazi

Hurricane Chris's career ended faster than Ca$h Out's career #lol

A Big Storm Requires Big Government: That means #FEMA Do you hear that #MittRomney? #Sandy #Obama

Looks like the hurricane in Ohio wiped out the political signs!

Still don't understand why someone would make a twitter account for the hurricane.

I think it's stupid how the hurricane hit no where near us and we get the rain and wind. #stupidmothernature

I'm still going to school even though there's a hurricane..

Hurricane Sandy flooding over the boardwalk in Ocean City, Maryland  #City #flooding #Hurricane

Hurricane #sandy  will make you crazy!Crazy horseguy in #NYC

Remnants of Hurricane Sandy causes worry: Millions of people still without power as Hurricane Sandy wipe  #elpaso

Sandy also uprooted this tree to far right. My neighbors are not gonna be happy when they get back.

Most people owning condos in 90 story building w/ dangling crane are Russian oligarchs, MITT WAS RIGHT ON THREAT LEVEL. #sandy

OK, all you countries USA has helped out after disasters over the years, step right up.  Hello?  Hello? (echo) #sandy

150,000 Ontarians without power due to #Sandy. Small outages reported across eastern Ontario.

It's surprising republicans haven't accused Obama of politicizing #Sandy I guess they don't want fact that Mitt wants 2 eliminate FEMA known

Sitting in royal tire and all that's on TV is talk about Sandy; scares the shit out of me

Boris Jonhson has praised the #NewYork authorities for having prepared for hurricane #Sandy 'extremely well' via #uk #nyc

The politicians have shut up for a moment. Thank you #sandy.

This tree totally taken down, crews already working Plst Cem, #sandy #Toronto

this hurricane fucked up so much

You better not ruin Halloween tomorrow sandy you little slut.

Spiritually ur a powerful channel on ur own, but w Sandy pls suspend skepticism re trad relig  PRAY  too

Is #Sandy a experiment before #Dec2012 or its natural disaster??? M confuse cz they also did experiment in #Tsunami1 ,,

Yep, we're having some technical difficulties due to #Sandy, but you can visit HuffPost's temp site for storm updates

Many prayers are being lifted up for those effected by the hurricane. Can't imagine how terrifying it must be. Just remember God is with U!

Mayor Nutter says SEPTA announcement will be made later today #Sandy

SANDY WAKE UP YOU LAZY BITCH

Yea yea yea this sandy shit crazy but I'm alive Life is Good

Celebs are already sending supportive tweets about #Sandy - stay safe NYC omg!-ers

This hurricane is a disaster. Queens is on fire. And half the east coast is under water. This is crazy.

We survived Sandy, the roses didn't fare so well.  Pasture

#Sandy: Car batteries, even those in flood water, may still contain an electrical charge  should be removed with insulated gloves

Sandy has left 17 dead: AP #breaking

Praying for everyone hit by the terrible storm. #Sandy

#sandy No less than this today most is sensible!

God sends natural disasters our way 2 get our attention..Humans are too busy with new tech  idolizing celebs too beleive in God..Smh #Sandy

Top East Coast refiner seen unharmed by Sandy as checks begin: NEW YORK (Reuters) - The biggest East Coast refin

updates every 10 mins on FB. Ha. It's been pretty brutal but no worse than a Tuesday morning in manchester. :) #sandy

No Katrina moment for Obama with Sandy. #politics #Sandy #hurricane  via

i know he just told me he us indoors and all that,but that has never stopped a hurricane,has it???

Our area has been getting off easily with #Sandy. Thinking of all the others who aren't so lucky, though. #onstorm

Get on your knees  pray for the people dealing with this hurricane

So Sandy wasn't too bad too us. Lost power very briefly. No damage that I have been able to see. Tons of branches in our yard. At work today

Sandy's weather here reminds me - All this weather here reminds me of the times I have traveled to Finland

Parts of #Pennsylvania are getting #snow right now.. some areas east of Pittsburgh. #Sandy on NBC NonStop 10.2 now.

There was a lot of over reacting in the Pittsburgh area when it comes to Sandy.

Home video - Hurricane #Sandy 3 Trees Fall And Fire

wow these pictures of new york are so frightening! #staysafenewyork #sandy

From now on, I'm going to assume any woman named Sandy is a massive bitch

Heard a sound bite from #Romney about those affected by #sandy kept waiting 4 him to add them 2 the unemployed numbers and blame the #POTUS

Don't you hate when you don't have power, outside you hear what you think are repair trucks, turns out to be people's generators #Sandy #CT

Me either and it ain't no hurricane round here.

How terrible of U 2pray4 the #Sandy people. Yes, well-deserved, if I were Prez I'd do #RestoringTrueFreedom parade 4U

Sandy washed a 700 ton tanker on shore. I'm done.

Its better to have rain and wind than a hurricane

TIME has live updates of Sandy as she batters her way across the Northeast  (via )

So sad to wake up to images of huge damage and loss Sandy left on its way. Wishing all luck with it!

hahaha hi!! I've been pretty busy with a play im in and i'm having a huge storm do to hurricane sandy, no school! How are you?

I'm at Hurricane Sandy Blackout (Glenside, PA)

Theory - Maybe Gangnam Style is actually just a giant rain dance and we brought this hurricane on ourselves.

I know that the NE is getting it pretty bad, but Sandy has been raging in Bikini Bottoms for over a decade #heartless

Flooding, transit problems and accidents all over where I am. Thanks a lot #Sandy. Making it very difficult for me to try and get to school.

sandy storm? ok tell me what's next

Guess who I'll be for Halloween? SandyNo, not the perfect storm(although some may beg to differ)~Sandy from Grease!~ Stayin AliveS..A.

I didn't get any sleep last night #hurricane

Thinking of all my friends and family in New York dealing with power outages and crazy flooding. #sandy

looks like you need to go Stan in the hurricane you fuck.

Watch there be a hurricane while I'm in florida..

Images from hurricane damage in NY.  #sandy h/t

the hurricane makes you depressed. then you remember being depressed is cool and that storms are cool.

Bad sandy!  Lol its just my neighbors house .. Not mine thank goodness

There's been a high death toll in the Caribbean due to Hurricane #Sandy but America is getting all of the media attention!

And citizens.  How journalists can avoid getting fooled by fake #Sandy photos:  Verifi

Our best wishes go out to all that have been affected by Hurricane Sandy. We hope you and/or your loved ones are all safe and unharmed.

Lmfao uhhh my rap career ended once Sandy left.. I got you next hurricane hahaha.

R.I.P. to all the people who lost their lives during sandy. #sandy

I can truly say i know what those hurricane victims are going through!

Thinking of all the people who have been affected by hurricane #Sandy - just seeing the pictures was horrible.

Would You Name Your Kid After a Hurricane?

One of many hoping there all out and fully insured! #sandy

Sandy's a fat bitch, comin in on our land like she owns the place. It's honyo'ohs all over again.

Remember the areas worst hit by #Sandy were Haiti  Cuba #Storm

I blame sandy for the #phillies finishing .500 this year and also for the #eagles this year and I guess while we are at it the #nhl lockout

Trees, Houses, People, CarsThat's that shit I don't like! Said Hurricane Sandy

sorry son - #sandy knocked out power to schools around us, but not your school time to get up!

Leonard kids praying a rosary this morning for hurricane victims. I'm sure more will be necessary. Lord have mercy!

Praying for all who have been touched by super storm Sandy.  May God's strength  fortitude be with you. #hurricanesandy

Wondering why all hurricane, storms have female names. Is it reflection of impact of female on the society ;) ?

th nmba of hurricanes tht sprout afta #sandy startd doin rounds is Crazy. From Malebogo, Ntombizodwa, to Semakaleng. We R in 4a tuf few days

They were gonna name this Hurricane Sandra instead of Sandy but they didn't want it confused with Sandra Fluke

Oh hey Sandy, thanks for using the back gate #ruined

Yup, fuck you #Sandy. You failed to destroy my school.

Thanks to Sandy I have a sweet 12 hr shift today at work #ohwell #moneymoneymoney #thankful

The post #Sandy sun is starting to peek out on 96 Street.

Watching the news. Queens is burning. There's a shark swimming around in Manhattan, Virginia and Maryland are buried in snow..why Sandy why

#Sandy #climate change. Perhaps now cynics and critics will look up and look around and SEE what is happening. One can hope

Just woke up. Sandy didn't leave any presents under the tree I must've been bad this year

Trench Menu: Sandy wins; courts closed throughout the state.

can the hurricane come back and get my schools power out so theres no school pls..

Those affected by #Sandy should not worry. #Romney is  getting on raising private funds to cover the estimated 15 billion in losses.

Seriously though, shit just got real / #sandy

Hurricane Sandy left her mark. Take a look at these startling photos of evacuated subway stations in NYC:

omg 17people have died in the hurricane! its mad how dangerous nature can be..

ABC Nightline - Superstorm Sandy Causes Havoc On the Jersey Shore: Historic storm brought devastating flooding a

#Sandy didn't do much damage in T.O. from what I see so far. Thank God! #prayforthoseaffected

sandy is stupid. Sorry about your head.

You have power supply over there? I heard Sandy is heading towards your area.

-- how are y'all managing? Hope Sandy isn't disrupting your day too much!

Catching up on televised #Sandy newsI'm confident in saying although it was a low category storm it packed a devastating punch.

Go Home Sandy!  (via 9gag)

Americans named the hurricanes after women,Kenyans would name em after the year..ati Hurricane 207(2007)

Despite all the hype about Sandy.. I still have to go to classes today! #whoo

For those affected by Hurricane Sandy: Please post on  if you have space for your friends or

No trees down that i can see. I think this area missed the worst of it. Gotta get more #sandysnacks this afternoon. #sandy

Heads-up:  has opened up its paywall to all visitors 2nd straight day due to #Sandy

Sandy came an did some shhhhhh in NYC

Footage just taken of Hurricane Sandy from the top deck of Moshulu!  More to come when high tide hits the

gettin real tired of your shit, #sandy

But also praying for all those that have been greatly affected by #Sandy

K  CPC, ACN, APGA and others will soon blame the PDP and Jonathan for Hurricane

Pray for my family and friends up North affected by Sandy. I know they weren't ready for something like this. But

Three trees on Millard St in #Fairfield fell over like twigs from #sandy winds.  h

Thx Edmonton 4 your concern! Via  (Former Edmontonian caught in hurricane | Edmonton | News | Edmonton Sun)

Who comes up with the natural disasters names Hurricane #Sandy?

Correction: that shark pic was from New Jersey not New York! #Sandy

Was so hoping to wake up to a class is canceled email. Guess it wasn't meant to be. Thanks #Sandy

Dis child doh care abt no damn sandy she jus want Halloween lol

hey #btv - remember how we didn't like it when people elsewhere made jokes about Irene being lame? don't make jokes about Sandy.

MT Tree caught fire in front of Batavia Middle School this morning. The entire city school system shut down for day. #sandy

mom has been stealing a lot of shit lately. I'll get it back for you. #Sandy

We are continuing our prayers for peace and safety for all those affected by Hurricane Sandy.

Stoopid Sandy broke my umbrella. I had to buy a lot of bathing suits for that umbrella #notimpressed

Sittin Watchin #CNN as SuperStorm Sandy doing Damage in Eastside of America

ah thanks love! Because of Hurricane Pud, our flight is cancelled until Thursday x

Hurricane sandy.. The end of the world is nye

I could go swimming in my backyard. Thanks Sandy. I always wanted a pool.

AUDIO: Latest NHC briefing on Superstorm Sandy -

A few rays of sunshine are breaking through the cloud over New York. No sense of irony. #Sandy

How to use Twitter when you have no Internet access #sandy #nopower #socialmedia

Dear #Sandy, Thank you for not spanking #VT. We had enough punishment with #irene and are happy to get off with a warning this time.

On my way, I saw trees fell down everywhere, blocking roads and train rails.. Cars definitely cannot go through. #Sandy

Happy bday s/o to lil cuzzo b safe out here fuckin wit Sandy son lls

If you can't boil water (no power), put 8 drops of bleach. Stir and wait 30 min. #Sandy #Gma

My heart goes out to all of those affected by #Sandy - devastating: BBC News - NY firefighter tells of Queens rescue

glad to hear your doing well with all this sandy. Hope you have a good and safe morning.

Vineland has weathered the storm! We have power and way too many baked goods. Our shore friends were not so lucky. #Sandy left her mark :(

Mom I love you, but I would rather be locked outside in this hurricane than watch Magic Mike with you.

Sorry to hear #Sandy has taken lives in New York.

I needed those two days to do my homework. It wasn't even about the hurricane. #confessions

Bless my dad he phoned me at 4 something in the morning to see if I was okay cos of the hurricane.. I'm no where near it haha

Inspired by the Excellence of  service delivery team under Sandy's assault.

Hurricane induced power outages are serious!

on some real fuckry, the hurricane ain't do shit!

Damn New York, sandy fucked your day up

Leaving the house I drove around the Lakefront. Lake Michigan is acting a fool here this morning. Hang in there East Coast. #Sandy #fb

Thank you Jesus that we weren't badly hit by Sandy!!!!

Rain  high winds have caused considerable damage along much of the coast.#HurricaneSandy#Sandy

That 'Got a Phone-Get His Back' Obama email takes creepy to a whole different level.  In the midst of #Sandy by the way.

i hope you're okay and i hope that sandy didnt damage your house or sth 3 stay safe, much love

thanks  please continue praying. 50 houses on fire now in Queens. So sad Sandy is bad :(

Hurricane Sandy: Massive Fire Destroys Dozens of Homes in Queens, New York - Fox News

The Kool Aid there may be watered thin this morning due Sandy!  ;-)

Good Green Morning! Are you a Sandy survivor? Share your story with us, we'd love to hear about it! #frankenstorm

Watching all of this #Sandy stuff is crazyNYC is a mess

Facade letters broken on Trump Taj Mahal but appear unchanged at other #AtlantiCity casinos. #sandy #acpress

News on Superstorm Sandy. Social media is being used extensively to disseminate information. Good thing we are already conne

Hurricane #Sandy: Woman Dies After Tall Ship HMS Bounty Rescue; disney cruise ship takes waves  (via

Due to Hurricane Sandy, NYCT  MTA Bus and Subway service has been suspended in order to protect our customers, em

Morning Niall! Pray for us in NY with the hurricane? Btw, love #LittleThings :) x

UPDATE:  Just personally confirmed with - 100% of #SpringfieldNJ customers have normal water service. #Sandy

Looks like #Sandy is enjoying life. :D

This weather is going to test every inch of my dedication in attending class #sandy

nialler this hurricane is scaring me. can you hold me? :S

The hurricane not over yet and people happy

Morning Niall! Pray for us in NY with the hurricane

The weather man should be a car salesman cause everything about the hurricane was bullshit

I feel like I'm fucking grounded ! Fuck You #Sandy

Another day of no work.Marry me, Sandy.

Don't Curse Me, I Have Been Pumped Full of Fossil-fuel Steroids #sandy #climate

the only reason people care so much about hurricane sandy is because it's in new york..

#SANDY BY THE NUMBERS: 16 U.S. deaths, 7.5M without power along East Coast, 13K flights disrupted worldwide over ht

It wasnt a hurricane technically downgraded before land fall

I don't get why everybody flipped out inland about the hurricane.nothing happens to my neighborhood. Its at the sho

Nobody is at school today Did they think the hurricane would hit our school

Superstorm Sandy..a true disaster for Cuba, Haiti, Giamaica and N.Y. areas :((( My heart goes out to victims and families, and all homeless.

Good morning New York, how is it in your neighborhood? In Brooklyn, large sections of Red Hook underwater:  #Sandy

Hurricane Sandy Aint Funny Why Everybody Making Jokes Out Of It  Shit Ignorant Fuckers !

Damn, I just saw footage from the hurricane. My prayers go out to all the people on the east coast. Stay safe.

#Sandy really hit us hard on #LongIsland.  We hope that everyone is safe today!

Hurricane May Affect US Jobs Report Release - Businessweek: PoliticoHurricane May Affect US Jobs Report ReleaseB

checking in on my north east coast friends- how are you holding up after last night? #sandy

So i'm guessing sandy is over???

glad that you are doing well and survived a night of #Sandy.

lmao yes we are sandy is gone

Can anyone tell me when will Hurricane Sandy get over?

Watch CNN International and I'm toally speechless! #Sandy

Hurricane #Sandy: How #technology has coped so far

Romney to hold event for #Sandy in #Ohio not on the East coast where it matters.. #Romney is just like #GoldmanSachs #Fake

How many lives saved bc computer models correctly forecast #Sandy's unprecedented sharp veer to west? Safe 2 assume clima

Sandy, the morning after, in ten numbers

Does anyone know if the bridges are still closed? #nyc #Sandy

Sandy take Romney with you, please? .. I asked nicely.

thankfully Sandy was mostly bluster but little bite here. hope everyone stayed safe.

My thoughts and prayers go out to everyone effected by hurricane sandy! Be safe! #sandy

As your country gets locked down even further after #Sandy this will only get worse  #WakeUp #America

Hurricane Sandy takes down HuffPo, Gawker websites

#Sandy to be major impact to insurance companies. Flood insurance question key to homeowners says

Obama already blaming hurricane Sandy for economy.

Praying that my grandpa is ok hurricane Sandy hit his state

Airlines Cancel More Than 15,500 Flights For Sandy - HuffPost

Hoping people are all okay after sandy.  I know some people out there Hoping that they are safe!! Xx

Quick drive around the neighborhood shows thankfully not much damage. Some big trees down, but away from houses. #sandy

Dock St. from last night. If in #DUMBO today, please use caution.  Be smart! #Sandy

Starting to think Gangnam Style is a giant rain dance and we might all be responsible for Hurricane Sandy!?!? #SorryNYC

Comrade Obama furious at Hurricane Sandy. It ruined his campaign trips  forced him to ACT like a REAL president for a change. Pity the fool

whenever the mayors speak about Sandy on tv, I always watch the lady doing sign language #enchanted

They haven't said anything yet Be safe!!! #nyc #Sandy

Who needs power with this bad boy? Looks like a day of homemade soup and tea ahead. #nopower #Sandy

but I wasn't tho. Cuz sandy don't fuck wit real niggas like me

Awakened to worshipeveryday all daywhether its sandy,  misty, snowy, rainy, or sunny..everyday God is worthy of worship  #sayitstephen

Watching live pictures of a eerily deserted Times Square - can't believe we were there this time last month! Stay safe all #Sandy

If our fed govt didn't have a #Debt of $16 TRILLION, how much better would the response be in natural distaster situations like #Sandy?

Is Hurricane Sandy the judgment of God?  via

making the rounds on cable. His 'Perfect Storm' was gripping, would be interested to hear that storm compared to #Sandy

Feel for all those people trapped in their house because of Sandy :-(

To our colleagues impacted by #Sandy, we hope you are doing OK. Please be safe as cleanup gets underway.

For everyone who got hit by #Sandy worse than me, Please know my thoughts are and were with you while I was being silly.

26 inches of SNOW fell in a town in Maryland.  #Sandy

Why Newyorks hurricane shit got to come all the way up here!

Last time I saw Sandy, she was so docile and pristine. #CycloneSandy

Y is everybody RTing Hurricane Sandy jokes. THIS IS NOT SOMETHING TO JOKE ABOUT LIKE R U SERIOUS? Try being in the middle of it  RTing them

Joining in,We don't need you right now Sandy.

The Battleship will be closed on Tuesday, Oct. 30 due to Tropical Storm Sandy. We hope to open for tours on Wed., Oct. 31.

my deepest thoughts to the #sandy victimshope everybody's fine. x(

Superstorm Sandy delays flights: Thousands of flights are canceled throughout the country. At McGhee Tyson airport,

Sandy's devastation in US could affect Jamaica's tourism - Jamaica Gleaner

Ok, roll call. How's it looking for everyone affected by #Sandy?

#Sandy came into #Belleville like a lamb we were without power for hours only started 2 fires and fought 3 #Sandy is going out like a #Lion

Thankfully, no damage to our home other than down branches, electricity/cable still preserved. Thoughts, prayers to the shore towns. #Sandy

Canada feelin the wrath of a hurricane, thats a first

Tuesday after the storm, it's cold and windy in Naptown Thoughts and prayers with those on the Eastcoast #Sandy

Anything above 63 km/h for sustained wind is tropical storm force so post-tropical #Sandy still as powerful as a tropica

The worst is over. Still raining and some wind.  #Sandy #SandyDC

Trade Room Up-Date; Hurricane Sandy disrupts power, markets closed

I love how sandy is getting all this attention but when katrina and ike hit the south, it wasn't as well known..

Glad that my Mum and others weren't too badly affected by Sandy but I can't help thinking how different the clean

They should've named the #hurricane Medusa or something, #Sandy is just too cute for what happened #NYC

looking at the Gap and American Apparel's shilling off the back of #Sandy, maybe a good time to compare to Uniqlo after the japan earthquake

Checked out the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy. Lots of downed trees. I removed these in the interest of public safety.

Power restored.  It was out 8 hours overnight.  Glad to have it back. Praying for all impacted by #Sandy.

60,000000 people could be affected by hurricane sandyworth some thought

I never heard sea foam so much until this Hurricane Sandy.I pray for everyone on the north east coast that the MONSTROUS Sandy has tormented

Sandy Hits NY Subway System Hard | ABC News Blogs  via

Video: Sandy's trail of destruction in New York  #c4news #Sandy

#thankful the hurricane didn't hit too bad here #sandy #hurricane #thankgoodness

Roots store at Queen  Peter in Toronto destroyed by fire.  #Sandy #fb

For everyone in Ohio: I'll trade you one hurricane for whatever amount of snow you are getting. #Sandy

GoogleNews: Sandy Hits Coast, Floods New York - Wall Street Journal: Wall Street JournalSandy Hits Coast, Floods

Oh LordBette Midler Blames #Sandy on #GlobalWarming  and media gives her credibility

this storm kept me up all night and didn't even get me another day off work?! FUCK YOU SANDY!

seriously. Twitter was invaluable during #sandy. Especially the well wishes and support from everyone d

#sandy If #Benghazi had happened on President Bush's watch, there would have been a totally different response by the mainstream media.

How is everyone faring through the storm on the east coast and other areas affected by Sandy? (Though most people

WEATHER: Ground Zero flooded, raising suspicions that Hurricane Sandy was created by an Islamic extremist with a doomsda

Well they OVERESTIMATED the shit out of Hurricane Sandy -_____-

r.i.p to those who lost they lives during this hurricane tho

Please note that the Montclair Art Museum will be closed Tuesday, Oct. 30, due to Hurricane Sandy. We wish everyone well!

Working from home again today.  Hoping all our #Camden partners made it through Sandy intact!

Crane collapsing on Christian de Portzamparc's Manhattan tower #sandy

suprised still at the extent of coverage in Indian media n news for Sandy compared to Nilam!!!

Utilities like PEPCO, BGE touting 'mutual assistance' efforts to respond to #sandy, or what #Romney would call 'soci

Sandy tripled the damages from Irene! #HurricaneSandy #treesdown #nopower

as if he's the only one working and people are up early the day after a hurricane by choice.what a dick

near miss w/ sofa, grill + small window catching gust. slept in fits. terrifying but daytime now. hows by u? #Sandy

OMG!! Sandy really a gwaan bad..my prayers to all who in her way Sorry guys

Is Hurricane Sandy Making the Federal Government Look Incompetent?

Make sure to tell Sandy not to mess around wichu cause latino guy in otown be tripping! Jajjaj be safe!

Prayers for all those affected by the storm in the northeast . #sandy

If any home care agencies have photos of their workers out in this hurricane delivering care despite the weather, ple

Prayers to all who are facing #Sandy, from Oklahoma.

Ford earnings call starts with expressions of hope and sympathy for Hurricane Sandy victims.

Sandy pushing me all the way to class. She for me fucked up, i know how to walk. #MichiganWeather

Why must New York pay for the crimes of Jimmy Savile? WHY? #Sandy

RT No one does better 'in photos' than - pics of Sandy effects are incredible

Brooklyn *Fatal Hurricane Sandy*  E-19 st  Ditmas ave. Tree Fell down on to People. Both are DOA on scene #HurricaneSandy

Apparently my super's reaction to the hurricane was to turn the heat on as high as possible.

Latest on #Sandy: 7.8 million without power  at least $20 billion worth of damage.

If they tell U 2 leave during a hurricane and UR healthy enough to leave and you stay and get flooded cause ur a tough guy then tuff shit

you was mad as hell. Sandy aint about to show no remorse either

For all of the dumbasses who think the hurricane was nothing, you are an idiot

Real shit it's a hurricane up here only the north gets shit twice as bad loool I'm seeing car alarms go off

I just took a piss. Did more damage to the toilet than Sandy did to upstate NY

Twitter's value soars in times like the last 24 hours. 90% of my info came from here.  Amazing. #sandy

Glad sandy's bitchass swerved on us!!  NY and dem fucked all up

Sandy is terrible. But. It's also, potentially, a great way to catch up on #gameofthrones

If ya gotta go out, keep calm and steady. Watch people in front and in back of you, they're as dangerous as the weather! Be safe! #Sandy

Dang. When a hurricane hits Florida, it hits Florida. When one hits up north, it hits, like, 18 states. Hope every one of you is safe.

It's amazing that all the way in Wisconsin we are seeing evidence of #Sandy's power. Hope everyone is doing alright!

Lake Erie brought to you by Sandy!

Sandy has you all fired-up!

OK NOW can we discuss climate change?! Most of us can't afford a rescue package from the lifeboat foundation.  #sandy

just act like yall aren't !! Its ok Sandy is an excuse

#BREAKING:The death toll from #Sandy has risen to 17 people in 7 states. Historic flooding in NE, a blizzard in WVA, 7-m

Snooki is a lot like Hurricane Sandy. They're both heading to The Jersey Shore with intentions to blow everyone wit

That sandy hurricane must be giving everyone a hard time considering no insurance company covers PMS.

made it thru #sandy with power, and with a TV signal thanks

This storm shouldve been called hurricane snookie bc its blowing everyone on the jersey shore

We have weathered Sandy here in MDhope all u other northeast  mid-Atlantic people are ok #survivingSandy

Praying for those impacted by #Sandy and feeling their pain oh too well Best thing is to Stay in doors and reserve cell phone battery!

how's everything that way because see of the hurricane? Is it affecting you at all?

Just in: now reporting that the Tappan Zee Bridge is open #Sandy

I would posting some videos and photos of the aftermath of Sandy on the Strand Kingston #Kingston #sandy

Damn New York got fucked up by sandy #hopeeveryoneisok

Hurricane Sandy ain't no ho. But my Dionn is okay and still has power so yay for that.

Good anshwer. Becaush shome of your tweetsh shound like Hurricane Shandy  shupershshowersh (pleashe don't take offensh)

Thank you for your service and coverage of Sandy. I have been watching you every morning.

Cold as bit thoi told yall Sandy was nasty

Due to Hurricane Sandy, the Auburn football team has been down graded to the second worst disaster of 2012

Syracuse basketball players concerned for families in Hurricane #Sandy's wake

Thanks sandy for making work so boring. U scared away my buisnesss!

Rocking some HP5 while doing the work of two departments thanks to #Sandy

Hurricane Sandy slams East Coast with damages

Sandy wasn't even categorized as a hurricane when she hitI can't imagine what a strong hurricane would do to the tri state

Sorry julis333 #sandy peeled the leaves off of all of the trees. Waaa Ashmont/Peabody Square Station

sandy hit my block bad whole streets cover in trees, one tree just missed by house

Do you think the hurricane hitting a largely Democratic part of the country could change the election result

I hope sandy is finished! I dnt even have my costume cause of her!

This hurricane got me nervous. Ready to drive to NJ to get and my nephew in NY. I guess it's the mother side of me.

Thoughts are with the many folks badly hit by #Sandy.  is a good source for local info.

Going to be a long, boring day at work i believe. Ppl are acting like this hurricane rain is any diff than regular rain lol

Apparently Sandy breaks glass so WE don't have too.

BikeRide HQ in Connecticut made it through #Sandy in one piece. One tree down on the property, but no power loss.

Watching all this #sandy footage is unreal. Stay safe east coasters!

I'm good folks! Power'd up with hot coffee and a fire going  God is good! #Sandy

Pray to all those affected by Hurricane Sandy!!!! #MyPrayersAreOnYou3

Hurricane Nicky Beach  Hurricane Sandy

I no longer care about Hurricane Sandy

say the word. Guess we can figure something out once things clear up from Sandy. Everything cool on your end?

sending thoughts and prayers to my LI friends and family #sandy

What a 100 yr old oak does when it lands on wires. #sandy. #westchester

Be careful of scams. Make sure you use a contractor that is bonded and not out on bond! #sandy

700-ton tanker washed onto Staten Island st.  #Sandy

sandy fucked up my money .

Unfortunately, #PwP has to reschedule bell ringing, remains closed due to #Sandy. Check here for new date/time.

I'm mad hurricane sandy is being a big bitchgo sit down sumwhere

Our thoughts and prayers go to everyone affected by Sandy. Hope everyone is safe and everything goes back to normal as soon as possible.

Hiering Avenue at the Jersey Shore. My home away from home is being destroyed :( #sandy #SandyTODAY

Quite positive that the top halves of all trees in my yard are now stuck at a 45 degree angle. #Sandy #thewoodsarecrooked

Navigate your way through Sandy and the aftermath with these Twitter lists and websites | MedCity News:

Seeing pictures of the super storm (sandy) and am like . Hmmmm the movie 2012 God please

MTA officials in NYC say the flooding from Hurricane Sandy was worse than their worst case scenario. Stay strong my friends! #weloveyouNYC!

Oh there's a hurricane going on? NO WAY! #Sandy

Good luckthe only hurricane that you are going to see is hurricane steve-o!!!

Wow No Sandy In Albany Ny ??? She Had Me Ready For Her..!!!

Here's What You Can Do to Help with Hurricane Sandy | Engaging Volunteers

Sandy deff fuckin up the BDay yeeks

looks a little beat up this morning but dog walkers are out and about #Harlem #sandy

Praying for everyone who's been affected by #Sandy Hurricane. Especially my brother and his wife.

At least 80 houses flooded in Superstorm Sandy were destroyed by fire in Queens overnight:

Ray Cilli and his dog Woubie are rescued from flood waters brought on by Hurricane Sandy in Little Ferry, New

God bless the hospital personnel who carried newborns from the NICU down 9 flights of stairs #Sandy #NYC

I doubt the pics of shark swimming down the street are real #sandy

Wishing I was home to ride out hurricane #Sandy with the family..

Water skiing in the East Village anyone? #sandy #climatechange #denial

TopNews: Sandy leaves unprecedented challenges for New York City subways

glad you all are fine, my thoughts and prayer's are with everyone affected by Sandy, and all the emergency worker's.

Biden to Campaing in Wisconsin Friday: VP Joe Biden plans a Wisconsin campaign stop Friday after Sandy response

Will be interesting to see how SCOTUS rules on Kirtsaeng v. John Wiley  Sons. Arguments heard in spite of #Sandy!

armanialexander's photo  more lower east side under water #sandy

Anybody from #Devon caught up in Hurricane #Sandy? Please get in touch if you're affected or you know people caught up in the storm

Turn on the lights, Sandy! via Pickles Pup |

A chicken in the driveway just hatched a egg in front o my house wtwhy is there a chicken in a hurricane?

So when was the last time New England was hit with an significant earthquake and hurricane in the same month?

- take it you didn't see the articles yesterday that blamed homosexuality for Sandy then

Stay Strong East Coast! Survive #Sandy

Obama returns to White House to monitor response to Hurricane #Sandy, right-wing media ridicule him for it

I pray everyone's safe from the storm cause Sandy did a whooole lot of damages!!

Solution Providers Hunker Down As Hurricane Sandy Pummels East Coast

Battery extremely low. Part of my fence down. Some neighboring trees down. #Sandy

Not making light of #sandy, but feels like Mother Nature turned her hose on USA with things way too hot b4 election. Reminds  what matters.

Prayers go out to all the kids who will be trick or treating in hurricane sandy #godspeed

So hold on.. We aint gettin hurricane no more right?

Sun and blue skies over #Worcester - sounds of wood chippers/cleanup can be heard #Sandy

Well, we came through Sandy unscathed.  A bit of cleanup to do in the yard, but otherwise all is well here.  Never

It feel so weird watching news about a hurricane.Normally I don't get to see all of this because I have no power..Thanking God !

My thoughts and prayers go out to all the true victims if sandy . #sosad

Stay safe east coast, get the fuck out #Sandy

Hurricane Sandy makes its way through Central Pa.  via

I hope everyone survived Sandy.  Here in Kansas,, we will rebuild!  LOL..

No sharks in Jersey, people. Fake Hurricane #Sandy photos spread false rumours online

'Superstorm' leaves 17 dead, millions in dark: (FOX NEWS) As Superstorm Sandy marched slowly inland, mil  #follow

We will be closed today for safety due to #Sandy. We are thinking about all of our families and hope that everyone is safe and sound!

sandy get your bitch ass back up here you call yourself a hurricane

As expected, the pic/video damage from Hurricane Sandy is stunning! This historic storm was accurately forecasted since last week Wednesday.

Hope all my students in Long Island, Staten Island and the remaining boroughs are safe and sound! #sandy

RAW VIDEO: Super Storm Sandy Batters US East Coast

took George Bush's hurricane machine and created Sandy to prove that government can do good things.

Instead of sayin F U sandy, how about thank you God!

Lol wtf the shores got trashed by the hurricane, just cause it didnt hit gloucester county like that doesnt mean it wasnt serious

hey, how goes it, did you guys get hit by the hurricane #hopeURsafe #missya

Need a good laugh after #Sandy? Hurricane Sandy By The Tweets  via #myWANA #Frankenstorm

Do you have power? Toronto Hydro's map shows scattered outages throughout the city    #DarkTO #Sandy

All good! The hurricane part is over, but it's still going to rain all day today.

yes everyone's fine! The hurricane is dying down right now.

excuse me, why would you do a news report in middle off a hurricane, r u a retard or smthing?

our country is in a storm of its own as bad as sandy and you are helping the man that did this.

Superstorm Sandy Leaves Death, Damp and Darkness in Wake  via Excellent Article

tells #Sandy exceeded worst expectation for Long Island

today prayers for family  friends throughout the northeast in the path of #Sandy.

y'all know that hurricane in New York.. It's just like the movie the day after tomorrow.it's flooding and new York is suppose to freeze o_O

When Florida has a hurricane, nobody gives a shit. But as soon as NY gets one it is the end of the world.

Photo: #chrismastree at the #cityhall blew over #sandy #toronto (at Nathan Phillips Square)

ONLINE TICKETS CURRENTLY UNAVAILABLEDue to Hurricane Sandy, SEA LIFE Minnesota's main server, located in New

a song from grease is on the radio in honor of sandy.

Superstorm Sandy Creates Disaster Zone, Leaving 5 Million Without Power -

Made it through #Sandy unscathed and with power. Anyone in #dc need a hand today?

The weather channel is to sandy what ESPN is to MNF.They've got all the stats of everything u missed because u fell asleep

All of us at DGS are wishing those who have been devastated by Hurricane Sandy a safe and speedy clean up  recovery.

Oh my look what sandy do?# brink sharks pan land!

The most notable and shocking scenes from #Sandy's landfall. PHOTOS:  via

Dear friends and family, I'm alright. Power still out on the West Village and I have zero ATT connectivity. #Sandy

There are probly some funny memes about this whole hurricane thing up north and cold weather down south #oppositeday

I wonder how many Americans are shitting themselves now about the 2012 prophecy #sandy

Sandy who? See yall were trippin.

President Obama declares major disaster for New York as superstorm #Sandy kills 15, causes major damage

A good morning here in Trinidad and Tobago while Hurricane Sandy has left its mark on the United States. Sixteen

Glad 2 see that you're safe frm #Sandy? Yes I hd a BLAST at the game sorry been busy n thankx again!

girl, bye! #sandy [you safe out there? thinking of you guys!!]

Lord, please help Sandy victims to feel Your presence as never before  to cling to You during this trial

I'm tempted to blame Luiz Suarez for hurricane Sandyseems kinda harsh tho.

Sandy's affects will felt as far west as Iowa.

I hope everyone stays safe if you're in the path of Hurricane Sandy - Monica

that Sandy sure is one hell of a bitch! #hurricaneblizzard

#Sandy brought snow to Central Ohio this morning, and snow means we can just about kiss the pollen count goodbye for the year.

Sandy bring water, fire and darkness to New York City

Interesting morning so far #Sandy you were a pretty perfect storm too I must say #fullmoon #water water everywhere

Goodmorning to all the black women who just made early morning hair appointments because of Sandy.

I HAVE NO ELECTRICITY RIGHT NOW #SANDY. MY FINGERS ARE FROZEN!

Can imagine how gloomy New York must look right now: Hurricane Sandy plus thousands of Jobs made redundant. Wow.

Are you kidding me? I don't get one snow day my whole senior year but gets a hurricane day in Ohio in October #What?

OMG!! Jst saw the new #SandY is such a Bitch thank God she chose America, namnaku #NEELAM podhum.

i dont trust the new i didnt know there was a hurricane till that tree almost took down this church over here then i went inside

West palm beach - SANDY - Pump house

Thoughts and prayers go out to all affected by Sandy.

GeeeeeeZ!!! Sandy didn't go easy on the subway stations !!!! #mta #hurricanesandy #storm #nyc #hurricane #ny

Well good morning twitter I survived Sandy!!

wow! #hurricane sandy threw us off our #bikes this morning. #windy #city #chicago

Hey would yall be terrified of hurricane shanaynay? I haven't seen that tweet yet #getnewmaterial

Walk around my section of the UWS confirms minimal damage. A few trees down, but otherwise in tact. #Sandy

Sandy ain't do shit but make a tree in the back fall , she pussy . ..

On instagram liking everyones pics of the aftermath of sandy.. Not sure if that makes me an asshole or not

I wonder if I'll still be able to keep my appts in NYC next week #Sandy aftermath

man hurricane sandy did massive damage in just over one night, everybody has to work together in the east, cause this is an emergency man

Brutal  Breezy Point, New York was absolutely devastated by #Sandy. (Credit: Frank Franklin II, AP)

Dover escaped the brunt of #Sandy ( for the most part) Mirror Lake swells in the rain as locals take pics #netDE

Hoping the sad fears of #Sandy fade so kids can enjoy the fun fear of Halloween. May be a silly wish - but it may bring small smiles back.

Pretty disappointed at the lack of zombies that I was hoping #Sandy would produce.

Got through #sandy just fine, didn't even lose power more than a flicker or two. #imnotdirtydan #orpinheadlarry

Dry ice distribution locations have been announced.  #sandy #pjstorm

We get hurricanes when its hot they got a hurricane when its cold.fuck that

MT  MNR service suspended at this time due to the effects of Hurricane Sandy. #transitstatus #hurricanesandy #MTA

aww m8 its shite up here, baw hair aff hurricane sandy

What if Gangnam Style was a giant pop-cultural fad and we brought nothing on ourselves except regret? #sandy

If that hurricane had been on our East coast, the Geordies would have slipped on a light summer shirt over the sleeveless vest. #sandy

In 2001 WP won the currie cup, 9/11 happened. This year they won the currie cup, Hurricane Sandy happens. Thanks WP fo

Makes me sick, ground zero due to the hurricane.

Soo did sandy do any damage in Fairfax?? I woke up with power and the maintenance guys are putting the pool chairs back outside!

Am fortunate to be able to say that #sandy affected us only emotionally. David, Izzy and I are doing great, staying safe inside.

So far Allegheny Township has faired well from the wrath of Sandy, no power outages and no flooding!

Photos: Superstorm Sandy spawns eerie images of flooded streets and crushed cars:

Ppl are dying in the US bcause of #Sandy and still talking about #benghazi  c'mon man!

Hurricane Sandy updates NYC - Los Angeles Local News, Weather, and Traffic

We hope that all who were in the way of #Sandy last night came out the other end safe and sound.

Maybe it's bc I was in different states for both storms but I remember Isabelle being much worse than sandy was.

I can only sympathize w those who were born w the name #Sandy unfortunately you're just a bitch! #FuckYouSandy

love 2 all of em,sandy u got to let go,pipo u'v got 2 hold on.

Good Morning to allpraying for all in the path of Storm Sandy.

everything you can think of this bitch sandy just a spoil me fun

Prayers go out to all those effected my hurricane #Sandy and the family of our own

Coffee line (Dunkin Donuts Glenside) #sandy #sandyinphilly

People make it seem like hurricane sandy was a joke..but the damage is insane..

Sending love and good wishes to everyone who is affected by Sandy!Luckily totally unscathed in this part of NY!xx

#PrayForUSA I can't imagine what it must be like for all of ya'll #sandy

Laugh  Check out My New Comedy Video up now!! Live With Hurricane Sandy - New York

Tomorrow Haloween and today SANDY :s

Get updated through two briefings today on Sandy at 11 a.m. ( or 4 p.m. EDT (

Glad everyone seems to be safe and sound this morning. Stay safe in the aftermath, you guys. Post-hurricane cleanup can be a bitch.

Katrina, Irene and Sandy have caused the MOST damge. All chicks LOL Hugo was pretty bad too. Need I continue #IThinkNot ;-)

goodmorning!!! :) the hurricane is gone and I think I am like the only house in Maryland with power! :D

Why is this hurricane not like all other hurricanes?

We get it. There's a hurricane and you are going to drink. Now please stop posting about it like you are unique.

In light of the recent #Sandy disaster (for Canada too!): How To Use The Internet When The Internet Is Gone  via

Cuban city, Santiago, hard hit by hurricane --will need help -  via

Check for fake #Sandy photos! InstaSnopes: Sorting the Real Sandy Photos From the Fakes

Washington-area #federal agencies remain closed Tuesday  #sandy

Yall on sandy dick, on what she did and what she didn't. well apparently no one cares, so shut yall asses up.

Don't feed the waterfowl. #pond #sandy #flood  House Pond

Good morning all our thoughts and prayers   go out to all affected by Sandy stay safe

SF Bay Area tip See the Devastating Aftermath of Superstorm Sandy [PICS]:        Via Dominic ButchelloClick her

RT At this point, I just assume any Sandy photo I see from New York is a fake.

I feel for the northeast. But honestly, if nobody had told Maryland that this was a hurricane, we would've just thought it was raining.

Ever time a hurricane comes , my city is rarely effected by it ! #ThankGod #CHESTER :)))

To all our friends in the path or wake of #Sandy, Be Safe. And remember, things are always better with

WE are open today! Prayers to all those who have suffered thru Hurrican Sandy.

Water damage leads to mold damage for Philadelphia homeowners scammed by disreputable contractors | PuroClean  #Sandy

Hope everyone had a safe night, and is okay on this Tuesday morning.#Sandy

They killin me wit these hurricane pictures on IG lol

RT my prayer goes to the people who got affected by the hurricane #prayforUSA and other area around.

Pre-sandy 8 longs, 9 shorts. Post-sandy 9 longs, 8 shorts.  #bullish

Again, keep generators outdoors! Even if kept in garage, CO poisoning can occur.  #Sandy #BeSafe

People fighting over spinning bikes Really? #uws #nyc #sandy

Please help victims of Hurricane Sandy by making a $10 donation Text: REDCROSS  to 90999.  Lets RT !!!

the garden is holding up ok in the weather. Hopefully the worst is over now. Thinking of all those affected by #Sandy.

Cape May Resort Blog: Hurricane Sandy Claims the HMS Bounty at Sea

Other angle of C-Class showing a Jeep covered by the branches.   #Sandy

John  Adams Streets. Mostly dry but messy. #sandy #dumbo

#Sandy why on earth do you bother humanity?!!!

Great before and after photo of the night lower manhattan went dark via #Sandy

Jet Aviation Teterboro confirms runways, taxiways -- and my truck -- under water. #Sandy

so if you are tweeting you must be ok.  Power??  How is #nyc  #Brooklyn? #Sandy

mr.Gorham,let me introduce you to Sandy

hurricane sandy is welcome to hit smith stadium right now

Mayor Bloomberg due to speak shortly on New York City's response to #Sandy

What Hurricane Sandy means for the economy - Washington Post  #economy

Sandy gone. Time to go to work :(

My heart goes out to all Sandy victims MT Levee breaks in NJ ; 50 homes burned down in Queens #Sandy

#PrayForUSA My heart goes out to everyone affected and endangered by Sandy!!

The hurricane flood knocked over my dads shed flooded yard and old part of house and flooded the garage At least they a

No Power, No Problem: #Sandy Command Center.  Whip in front of The Crib-o

So much fucking swag  Rainbow touches down in lower Manhattan #hurricane #sandy

#Sandy got you down? Still have some battery life in your laptop? Well, I am here to save you with my Week 9 #NFL Power Rankings!

I probably weigh 200 pounds after this hurricane #fatgirlproblems

Things are not getting better in NYC. First the rain now the fire. What is next? # Sandy

Lmfao niggas recovering from a hurricane and he eating a toe smh

Feeling for those on the east coast .. Ur a bitch hurricane sandy

Omg.Stay strong everyone where is sandy right now,keep safe xx #PrayForUSA

Know that I think of it I need the last few days to bring up grades sandy was wack

Feel so sorry for the people in New York / New Jersey etc !! #Sandy

Sandy clearly at that bad, she couldn't stop the 8 countsHAHA WE DANCE TODAY!!! Be blessed family! GOOD MORNING WARRIORS!!!!

RIP to all the people who died during the hurricane 3

Here is a state-by-state look at the East Coast #superstorm via the #Sandy #Frankenstorm

My roommate is still sleeping thank you hurricane sandy (:

Donald trump is ignorant as hellit's a hurricane going on and he still babbling about that dumb offer he made to Pres Obama.smh stfu

Storm damage in Niagara Falls, NY.. #Sandy

Thanks for coming by our Crystal City cafe in the wake of #Sandy!

Thinking of about all the hospitals during Hurricane Sandy!  Thank you for taking good care of all the babies!

Watch: Air Travel Remains Crippled By Hurricane Sandy

Dr. Al Mohler showing genuine concern  compassion for the people in path of Hurricane Sandy. Took time to pray for all of those dear folks.

It's been over 16 hours without power or heat at my place in Brooklyn. About 1K houses in my area also affected. #Sandy no bueno :(

our thoughts and prayers for all affected by the storm (sandy)

I heard hurricane Sandy was blowin harder than me #insecure

Damn I would hate to live on the East Coast! The damage that #Sandy is doing is just devastating! Sad to see! Praying for you all!

Thank you Sidney and Paul. Sending Love, Prayers and Blessings to all affected by Sandy.

Sandy can't cloud over #IP: reportedly working to approve patents despite gov't shutdown (h/t

did we have a hurricane ? Orr was it a boost ?

Sandy decided to pay a visit to my parents place last night

Hey New Yorkers -- did the crane ever come down last night? #sandy

Why don't u take #sandy as your aducation class that there are a power above everything yours

Our thoughts go out to the countless victims of Hurricane #Sandy and a heartfelt thanks to all those working

Gotta Ride Out To My Homie Jerzy Crib To Help Them Clean Up What Sandy Messed Up!

This sandy superstorm thing is fascinating me #SkyNews #FeelIntelligant

Joe Jonas 'sandy' tweet - (Insert super clever hurricane tweet here) -__________-'' super gelo to the max

All these #Sandy pictures are crazy! We didn't see the worst of it here, but our thoughts are with NYC and everyone affected elsewhere.

NJ Gov Chris Christie - Seaside Park Amusement Park nearly completely under water #Sandy

So awful waking up and seeing all the continued destruction from Sandy :( Continued prayers to everyone!

MT #Sandy is the largest storm-related outage in #ConEd history. Crews are working around the clock to restore power.

hello how are you? I thought of you when I saw on TV the hurricane sandy.

Go eat a dick  Hurricane is good luck for Obama again- he will buy the election by handing out bil

With the devastation in NJ, NYC + other areas from #Sandy and the election being a week from now. Wonder if they'll resched Election day?

My back hurts sleeping on the floor during a hurricane is a no no

Dodged another bullet, this is where  I normally park #sandy

This hurricane means one thing! Sock bun! #ThatHaliGirl

Died laughing when I saw new name Will this hurricane at least be warm?

Oh dear MT Because of the hurricane, I am extending my 5 million dollar offer until 12PM on Thursday.

Does this hurricane make me look fat?

Them northeners don't know how to handle a hurricane they not even lootin down here best buy would be gettin raided

Is that the problem? The original package didn't have a hurricane as a tail wind?

Anyone in Michigan affected by Hurricane Sandy? Have family, friends on the east coast? Get in touch with me for a story I'm working on!

Hurricane Gilbert was a really nasty one that many have since forgotten but I remember it well

When Sandy hit, Miranda was ready for anything with her personal flotation devices.

we are Sandy is turning into a snow storm.

RT I know people want to inspect their homes on the barrier islands, but at this point it is unsafe. Please be patient. #Sandy

thanks.  13 people died from the sandy storm in east coast, last I heard last night.

I propose the first act of Govt. after Sandy recovery is to deport Donald Trump. Just put him on a raft and push him out

Thank god dis bitch Sandy stopped!

go fuck yourself RT Cause of the hurricane, I'm extending my 5 million dollar offer for President O

Funny thing is, my mother, also named Sandy, has been telling me to dress appropriately for weather for 29 years now, and I haven't yet :)

Thanks to everyone for all the prayers  well wishes. Doing great today w/storm outta here and just some cleaning up to do today! :) #Sandy

it's generic hurricane weather heh

Wake up, the world doesn't revolve around what happens to you. some people died and their houses got ruined, stop saying sandy did nothing

#Sandy #safetytip Don't use your kitchen oven range to heat your home. It's a fire  #CO hazard!

Whys it all sunny outside?! Smh!!!! Damn Sandy

NEWS: Indian Point 3 Nuclear Power Plant Shut Down  #Sandy

My thoughts are with everyone affected by Sandy. Amherst is not one of those places. #itssunnyout

Police is enforcing the mandatory curfew till 6:00 pm in Hoboken #Sandy

Blaze destroys more than 50 homes in Queens #sandy

Shut up.  Hurricane is good luck for Obama again- he will buy the election by handing out billions of

Metro issued the following statement Tuesday morning following Hurricane Sandy:Metro wil

Couldn't take my road test today cus of sandy -_-

Worst Case Scenario: Hurricane Sandy Is The Biggest Storm Ever To Hit The Northeast -  FACEBOOK UNITY:HAROLD TAYLOR

Ain't nobody coming in this office today. Smh #sandy

Sandy is ever so gently tapping us on the chin.

Hurricane Sandy made landfall Monday night and is slowly winding down. Stay up to date and track Hurricane Sandy:

I personally can not waitpiss off #sandy, I've got shows to get too. #umphreys #Goldside #StasikStash

Why would they make a Hurricane Sandy page -____-

We are all hoping, here at  that all of our Gals were able to safely ride out Hurrican #Sandy

Thoughts and prayers go out to those in Sandy's path.

Praying with you for our friends and family on the east coast. #Sandy

Photo of train at Metro-North Railroad's Croton-Harmon station, in the aftermath of Hurricane #Sandy.

A fat man was walking in the hurricane last night like it was nothinglol..I was like wow!!!

It smells like pine tree outside #sandy

Well I mean. Obviously it's time to skate. #sandy #hurricanesandy #skater #sick

Looking for a way to help those in Sandy's path?  We're able to respond w/your help. Txt REDCROSS to 909

A meanspirited hurricane AND a new Kid Rock album? We shall not recover from this

Hurricane Sandy is now also Snowstorm Sandy. Stay safe NYC, WV.

Prayers going up to all suffering from hurricane Sandy!

William Rivers Pitt | The Eye of the Storm That Sees Us All  #Sandy #ClimateChange

yes .lets do it in the middle of Sandy !?

honestly sandy step your shit up I dont wanna see any fucking teacher tomorrow you lil pussy #GetOnIrenesLevel #Bitch

I took a napski, but has watched all 3 Indiana Jones movies. That's how you make a hurricane your bitch. #sandy

Our thoughts and prayers go out to those on the east coast and those affected by superstorm #Sandy! #StaySafe

I guess people did not realize that we were in a hurricane but the one mouse they saw was a bigger emergency

Our thoughts  prayers to all effected and to their loved ones by #Sandy

I hope and didnt drowned when Sandy hit. No tweets from any of them lately

If my mom continues to give me a news report on which places got fucked by sandy i'm gonna rage

My bruh said he was rolling up strong when that bitch Sandy came thru lol

Sandy didnt bother us! we r inland :)

*creates hurricane sandy account and tweets crude jokes about hurricane destruction using an unapologetic ghetto tone* am I cool yet

Harold Powell replied to Harold Powell's discussion Hurricane Sandy: Harold Powell replied to Harold

Stuck in NC because of #Sandy flight fiasco, hello Apex office!

Hurricane update: Sandy hit close to home. I now have no internet at my apartment. I'm sorry for all the jokes, Sandy. I didn't mean it.

To our loved ones on the East Coast - especially our NYC and NJ friends - please be safe in the wake of Sandy.

Sharks in the street bro? I pray for all the people in Hurricane Sandy

Seasidea lot of childhood memories here. #Sandy

BBC News - Websites knocked offline by super-storm #Sandy

Huge S/O to hurricane sandy for not doing any damage but still getting us out of school #yourock

HOLY SMOKES!!  Photos of Staten Island Railway's Clifton Shop in the aftermath of Hurricane #Sandy. h

Think this hurricane sucked? Look at the east coast.

Thinking of our NE customers  partners - hope everyone is safe. #Sandy ^OG

Washington, DC, Metro will restore limited bus and rail service at 2 pm. #Sandy #Storm #DC

I want them to cancel school ..tomorrow is gonna be the day after a big hurricane ..people aren't worried about school .

In honor of Sandy's victims I'm trying really hard to stay apolitical the rest of the day #praying

Been sick for a few days and away from twitter. Come back to the politicizing of the hurricane. May go back into hiding for a while.

Roads around DC amazingly quiet - like Christmas Day - as residents heed warnings to hunker down and stay at home because of Sandy.

People saying this hurricane was a disappointment is pissing me off, be fucking grateful nothing happened to your home or

American exceptionalism will be on full display as we unite to help our fellow Americans in need in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy!

Oh hey old tv antenna and window. #sandy #flood #myyard

Thank God the hurricane is over. But I still don't have power

This hurricane in New York got me on the scared side for real !!!

Thank you asking after me friends and lovers! I'm so safe and sound it's embarrassing. #sandy

damn, I'm kinda mad sandy didn't hit upstate harder.. now I HAVE to do this presentation

#Sandy has slowed but it's still dangerous. This map might help you find emergency shelters  other local resources

40 ft waves in the great lakes, the biggest in history.  Heavy sleet and wind today in MI, and we're about 500 miles from landfall. #sandy

Our thoughts/prayers are with those caught in #Sandy's aftermath. Glad our East Coast clients have their infrastructure

Still got some gusty windsI wonder how the crave dangling from a high-rise building it's doing.#sandy #ny

I didn't want to be the first one to mention this butcould the hurricane have been a terrorist attack? #sandy

Turns out that It's actually not that bad, #Sandy

Good to hear from you you have been in our thoughts  prayers from Hope power is back soon at home. #Sandy

Obama declared the hurricane as a major disaster'. Still can't believe this is actually happening! #SANDY

Hurricane sandy preventing me from doing math homework, I think so!

All my respect goes to the soldiers guarding the tomb of the unknown soldiers during hurricane sandy #honoring #amaze

Hurricane Sandy my arsemore like Scotland during anytime of the year. Man up.

Hurricane Sandy knocks out Gawker, Buzzfeed, and HuffPo sites  #tech #slashgear

#news #alt Sandy gives Vermont a pass | Anne Galloway: Early Tuesday morning, near Wesford, Vt. P  #current #indy

Hurricane Sandy--what can you do to help

Just checking out the damage in town from #Sandy #Yikes

Btw who named this Hurricane 'Sandy' ?

S/O to everybody who made it thru the storm bitch Sandy still lurkn!! Be safe!!!

Not much damage from #sandy in #crownheights  Heights, Brooklyn

Recently leaked footage of Sandy on the move:

Cyclone Sandy: Dramatic explosion at New York ConEd power plant

Sunderland man describes what it's like to experience Superstorm Sandy in New York.:

It's okay if you don't do your homework. If your teacher asks why just say Sandy blew it away.

Sandy gunna mess up the election smfh

Really shows the scale of damage R A submerged truck in the entrance to Battery Park tunnel in Manhattan  #Sandy

Was Hurricane Sandy supersized by climate change? Interesting article from the Guardian  via #sustainability

Wait so is the hurricane like done?

how are you? Any bad damage from sandy?

I hope every Romney supporter impacted by Sandy refuses help from FEMA, since he thinks it is unnecessary. Hope the st

The day I finally recive my Icecream Sandwich upgrade (4.04) for my Orange San Diego I find out all that's stopping 4.2's launch is #sandy

Just drove around my area for a bit. I'm honestly in shock of the devastation that this hurricane really did. Photos to come

in this boring ass spanish class -_- talking bout this hurricane

People are like #Sandy didn't do shit.. Yes she did she fucked shit up.. Just be happy it wasn't your neighborhood that was flooded or

OKAY WE GET PEOPLE ARE WRONG FOR WANTING A BAD HURRICANE YES WE LIKE OUR HOUSES YES WE LIKE NOT BEING FLOODED OKAY

R.i.p there e people losing their lives wit sandy.  Can't imagine wow new jerz is bad

Just thinking about how many pests/vermin (rodents) may have taken shelter in people's apartments #sandy

17 people dead and 7 million without power in the aftermath of #Sandy.

Thinking of all my east coast buds dealing w/ the aftermath of the hurricane. #Sandy

What Hurricane Sandy means for the economy: The devastation of Hurricane Sandy will likely create big distortion

Props to for the best #Sandy coverage on my TL.

just saw pics of #sandy and all i can sa is #OnlyYou

If you want to help your fellow Americans affected by #Sandy, text REDCROSS to 90999. Took 10 seconds to donate.

Aye, Sandy better not be playin with my cable when I'm watchin my husband play tonight ..

My heart is broken for the families and people that have been so effected by the hurricane. My prayers are going out to all of you

be careful driving today, friends! #sandy #michigan -- Numerous accidents and slide-offs reported on I-75 - WNEM TV 5

Where are my headphones!? Ughhh I need music while I take on sandy during my walk to work.

#punsr SANDY: State of many beachfront roads after the hurricane passes.

Do you think Sandy ruined Danny's life like this Sandy did to all New Yorkers?

Following == adding visual flair to the NYC Mayor's press confs during #Sandy

The only thing sandy did was blow all the leaves off the tree in the back yard.

If you want to help those coping with #Sandy-- text SANDY to 80888 to make a $10 donation to Hurricane Relief Fund

Omg there is a hurricane on the east coast bcuz of my typos #SorrtNotSorry #IllTry2TypeBetter

I favourited a video  LIVE Superstorm Sandy Coverage - The Weather Channel

Sandy passed us,but she was very furious lol,i was out and the hurricane almost blew the people walking away.New york and New Jersey,be safe

Now please make me a keep calm logo? Keep Calm Sandy Redman's in the house??? Lol

Clearly Hurricane/Frankenstorm Sandy is Gods way of saying that Jersey Shore needs to be off television.

Folks out here praying to the same god for help they say brought the Damn storm In the first place #Sandy #Logic

Here's How Hurricane Sandy Will Affect Your Life  via Adam Taylor and Joshua Berlinger

Know anyone stranded thanks to #Sandy? Or anyone from #Tampa or #StPete helping with recovery? Get at me: mlan

It looks like hat weather today!  Wishing all those in Sandy's path a safe day.

Because hurricane cannot stop President to lost d election,God is behind him on this Presidential election.We also support him

DC office remains closed due to #Sandy, but our great district staff is at the ready! Call 843-852-2222 if you need ass

Help us to redistribute #water in a fairer way. Decrease the #climatechange by drinking #tapwater from sustainable bottles! No more #Sandy!

I'm afraid that sandy will also come to you, be careful I love you and I do not want to lose you, from your fan manuel love

SANDY PHOTOS  (TIME Magazine) 's Instagram photos | Webstagram - the best Instagram viewer

Just Lookin At Stuff Clickin Links. Thumbin Through The Net. Hurrican Sandy Government Did It.

Idle musing: will Sandy's memory depress turnout for #TheImpossible? #LifeOfPi?

WATCH: A series of AP-verified amateur videos show the impact of Hurricane #Sandy from Virginia to Maine: http

glad i can get on twitter and fb, but none of the hurricane sights will load #ironic

All is well. Sandy was rough last night, so we had to drink ourselves to bed :)

Useful QA from for those whose #travel has been disrupted by Superstorm Sandy

URGENT #anipals Fraiser jumped out of yard  Woodcliff Lake NJ during #SANDY Jack Russel boy! Please help !! URGENT Plz RT

Of course I buy a red box before a hurricane and have no way of returning it now

The Captain has just informed us we are passing the Atlantic/Caribbean divide.   Getting some side rolls which he says are caused by Sandy

What if soon as we go back to school , Sandy come

GovChristie: The devastation on the Jersey Shore is some of the worst we've ever seen. #Sandy

Breaking News: Storm Sandy causes historic Wall Street closure

Power outage in #nyc last night. Spookiest #halloween ever! #sandy #sandyhurricane #hurricane

Hope all my east coast friends are ok from Sandy. It snowed in AK, shocking! #weatheriscrazy

Super Sandy is taking a toll on the east coast. Over 10 mill outages, people dying and no signs of it ending

do how was the experience of it ??, how big was #Sandy  ??

liam! The hurricane made my power go out #hurricaneproblems #HurricaneSassy

happy birthday no better way to spend it than being in a hurricane!

hey! How's everything over there with Sandy? Hope you are doing well.

Lest not forget Hurricane Pam and Tropical Storm Leslie :)

#Duxbury Town Hall still has no power and will be closed today. It's scheduled to reopen tomorrow, Oct. 31 #Sandy #BOSandy

PSA - Our support system is located in NY and down due to Sandy. For more info and other ways to contact us, read here:

These pictures of NYC from the hurricane are insane.

NYC Mayor Michael Bloomberg calls Hurricane Sandy perhaps the worst in the city's history.

OMFG imagine having a shark swimming in your yard. Sandy what are you doing? Stay safe!

I hope everyone affected by the hurricane is ok

so glad all of you are ok. Very concerned about you and all pal hi by Sandy! Xoxoox

Wish in I was knee deep in the water somewhere #Sandy

For Ct Sandy was a conspiracy to get people to go out  spend their money on bullshit like flashlights  batteries. Thirsty government. Smh.

Hurricane #Sandy is horrific, but we must never forget Hurricane #Bawbag

Google crisis response map to Sandy

Photos that shocked the whole world. Hurricane #Sandy    - #prayfornyc

Reliable and accurate reporting on #sandy from NYT, I'm following this blog:

Really am hoping everyone is okay. This Hurricane did major damage.

a 3.9M earthquake yesterday in Memphis, a huge hurricane+outages across the Northeast, and headlines an anti-boyscout story?

#Sandy and 100 years of hurricanes:  cool images via

A guy in Connecticut goes swimming in the ocean last night in the hurricane and today is reported missing  god I wo

The monstrosity of sandy is evident from the fact that all the pictures tagged #hurricanesandy on Instagram have been clicked indoors.

all is swell in Harlem. Hurricane who?

Praying for a prompt cleanup, emotional  physical healing, and repairs to damaged property. #Sandy

Our Hearts  Prayers go out to all impacted by Hurricane Sandy! Ppl need  help now  if u can please support #RedCross

New Jersey warehouse closed today #Sandy

thank God for that! Haha. But I gotta show my support :P is that bitch (Sandy) affecting you in anyway? 3

My bro just called from Denver asking if we were okay. Said he tried phoning last night but got bz signals. Strange. #Sandy

Hurricane Sandy Update - Waterlox Closed Today #constantcontact

LIVE Superstorm Sandy Coverage - The Weather Channel:  viaim so gay soz

All these #sandy tweets remind me a lot of Ondoy and the 'habagat' earlier this year. I feel you NYC.

View from the front door.  That's Hwy 194 across from the Elk River airport. #Sandy

Well that sandy sure fucked us up. #ohwait

Hope all of you are safe and warm after last night! Please continue to pray for the people affected by Hurricane Sandy.

BLOOMBERG: All major airports serving metro areas are closed today #NYC #Sandy

R.I.P Jersey Shore. You won't be missed. #sandy

The Inevitable Hurricane Sandy Memes of 2012.  via

Sandy's debt relief opportunity: I am of the view that there is definitely a case to be made for international d

Toni Braxton is bankrupt, Madonna gets boo'ed, and Hurricane Sandy postpones concerts - all these  more in the Dail

Woke up to sunlight. Sandy must have missed us

Cabs will be allowed to pick up more than one person for today. #Sandy #bloomberg

Tell that to NJ and NY.  I told y'all sandy wasn't about that life!

Sandy's Damage Estimates Top $20 Billion, Among The Worst U.S. Storms Of All Time - Forbes

The images of the nurses carrying swaddled babies from NICU at Langone just slay me. So glad the evac went well. #sandy

I don't want to be insensitive but when I heard the hurricane was headed through New Jersey, i couldn't help but be a little happy.

Mayor Bloomberg: 80 houses destroyed in Queens fire, New York; power may be out for 2-3 days in lots of areas. #NewYork #Sandy

Can't get over images of babies being evacuated from NYU hospital last night - serious props  thoughts for those patients. #Sandy

Thomson Reuters: Agricultural News: USDA says crop progress report, due Monday, delayed by Sandy The weekly U.S.

In Five: The Show Goes on for Letterman and Fallon, Netflix Traffic Goes Up in the Wake of Hurricane #Sandy  More:

Good Morning Friends, let's remember to keep those effected by hurricane Sandy in our hearts and prayers. And to

Me (looking out at the remnants of Hurricane Sandy blasting at us): I'm sure glad I finished mowing the lawn

How will #Sandy impact your supply chain? Coping tips: monitor inventories; shift production; offer suppliers relief: http

Sandy took the live of my dear trampoline #rip):

American Apparel Takes Advantage Of #Sandy, Twitter Is Not Happy: While a natural disaster can bring out the best in

Bloomberg: Schools will remain closed tomorrow. #Sandy

Sandy trynna mess up everything!!

I agree, that was like a four day #Sandy

bodhi-USA: Enormity of Sandy seen from space (0:45)  Oct. 29

Shout out to everyone trying to make a come up with Sandy.. Giving swimming lessons ad what not lol

Really wish I could get to OCNJ right now to check on my houses but the island is too flooded to even get on right now #Sandy

#Gop #Tcot, how can you vote for Romney? - While Firefighters Battle #Sandy, Romney Eyes Cuts to Firefighter Funding

Baltimore the day after #Sandy. Instagram from

Latest U.S. count: 18 deaths and 7.4 million without power  #Sandy

Said it beforeits DISGUSTING to politicize #Sandy and exploit the people she affected. #KARMAISABITCH

A selection of stormin' US front pages as Hurricane Sandy hits:

Fact Check: Mitt Romney Never Called FEMA Immoral: In the wake of Hurricane Sandy, the left is taking great pain h

Obama vs. Romney vs. Sandy

Awesome wind map of the USA today courtesy of #Sandy

I'm sure victims appreciate it. MT Because of hurricane, I'm extending $5M offer for Obama's fav char

so my moms missing in the hurricane

If this hurricane at a category 1 did all this damage, i cant even imagine how bad Katrina at a category 5 was.

Sandy fucked everything up.. smh

As we expected, Sandy has us dealing with sporadic cell phone service, electricity issues and debris cleanup.

Shout out to all East Coasters that made it through Sandy.

Like #Sandy does any #Indian #hurricane got a male name or in India only females are hurricane!  #Neelam #justasking

Living through Hurricane Sandy as she came ashore -- Scariest moments of my life as monster storm hit | Periscope Niall O'Dowd | IrishCentra

Omgsh , stfu about the hurricane. Everyone is entitled to their opinions. Fuvk? why u stressing whether someone agre

Want to know how to help? has these suggestions  #SandyVolunteer #SandyAid #Sandy

Dollar drops sharply on less severe than estimated damages for hurricane Sandy:

This picture from the #sandy hurricane definitely looks like apocalypse.

yeah but is no stronger than #Sandy but are few trees down

I say we cancel all classes here because of the hurricane. #flooded

First light snow covered my car. Still windy. Sandy is not as powerful inland, but she's still mean.

Mayor Bloomberg is just phenomenal at speaking the language of Spangelish, or Englisnol. #Bloomberg #Sandy

I thought it was a pussy ass hurricane dan

#Sandy Snow piles up on the deck of this West Virginia home near Davis, W.V

Nothing like a hurricane wrecking your shit to make you kiss the President's ass! #Christie

Waiting for this stupid hurricane to pass so I can get the amount of attention I deserve: all of everyone's. #Palestine

If a tree falls on you and you're dead, 911 can't help you. #Sandy #Bloomberg

Modell's 'porting' Goods near Barclays Center - the S on the sign fell off after #Sandy.

SANDY SANDY NEOBAKKEN ANBOYEO I'M LOVING YOU BABEEE

Our thoughts go out to friends and family affected by Sandy.If you had to evacuate, what Mary Kay products

POTUS cxling campaign stops planned for tomorrow in Ohio. Will stay in DC to monitor response to #Sandy

Alright tweeps I got work to finish and a gym to work tonite so go kick some hurricane #BeRelentless

, ima FLOOD my TL like im sandy about MALLY LOl !

We've been watching the Sandy devastation unfold,  we hope everyone out there is hunkering down, hanging on  riding it out! Think safety!

Great photos of the mayhem and damage around Passage Creek the morning after Sandy via

I'm totally bummed by Sandy, so idt its healthy to go to class in this state :/

While Sandy did terrible damage, I am happy to hear that my friends and family are ok. If anyone needs anything, please dont hesitate to ask

you are doing a great job dealing with Sandy.  You should be President!

I hope your family and friends are not affected by Sandy prayers go out to everyone involved

Artware will be closed today due to Hurricane Sandy. Hope all are safe and well. See you tomorrow 11-6!

today on the #blog: lamb, leek and potato hotpot. post #sandy, the perfect day for a slow-cooked dinner!

Romney takes a break from campaigning for a hurricane relief fundraiser in Ohio.

Ohio! It's snow from the hurricane :o lolol it's still snowing right now!

I hope everyone I know; and their families are ok up North. #Sandy

Now THAT is scary. Take care people. #Sandy

Weather: sandy, Bed: cozy, Motivation: inexistent, DVD collection: golden Chances of being productive? HA Chances of

Study: Costs Rise, But Americans Happier With Auto Insurance:  With initial damage estimates for Hurricane Sandy

Anyone have any fun hurricane stories?

To all those people making fun of the hurricane sandy, thousands of people have died and what if one of those people were

Has Armond White published a defence of Hurricane Sandy yet?

Steam on on India Ave. Hurricane Sandy. Greenpoint. Brooklyn.

#hurricane #sandy reminds us that we must have tactical plan for action  to adapt to extreme climate events and h

Blood donations are needed now more than ever in the aftermath of #Sandy, find out when/where you can donate locally

Can people stop retweeting the hurricane sandy thing? That got annoying really fast

another advantage of #ecommerce vs. brick and mortar, nearly always up and running, rarely affected by events like #sandy. Amazon model wins

#Sandy Day 2--power, cable, internet: CHECK. No work today, but starting to get cabin fever. Does anyone have good Netflix or movie recs?

Hope all my followers in the US are staying safe from Hurricane Sandy - seen the damage, looks bad.

not Carpe diem-just who wants to die a virgin - justification !! How many babies in 9mths called Sandy?

#Prayers to my Sirius fam in harms way of #Sandy,   the rest, be careful.

Where is the Statue of Liberty in New York?Sandy has passed.

BizInsider: Here's Where Everyone Lost Power Due To Hurricane Sandy

Insurance Talk: Law firm warns of Hurricane Sandy coverage gaps

BJ: Washington-area landlords were ready for Hurricane Sandy

Ivanka Trump's Daughter Watches Hurricane Sandy Hit NYC

Did Climate Change Cause Hurricane Sandy? [short answer: yes]

I have read numerous articles on how to keep your pets safe during #sandy but can not find one report on how the homeless of NY are faring

My thoughts and prayers go to Superstorm Sandy victims

My lit teacher is currently looking at tweets about hurricane sandy. Lol.

DigitalTorq 2012 Sandy could impact unsuspecting used-car buyers

Sandy wind is being felt here in SA now.

Great crowd coming together to listen to share ways they can help those affected by #sandy.

Text SANDY to 80888 to make $10 donation split w/

Sandy was good for business wasn't she? bet y'all got water + candles stock piled! There was a storm couple months back stronger then Sandy.

#sandy no fares charged on NYC buses this afternoon and tomorrow. NYers supporting NYers #NYC

Is Sandy over wit??? == Naw pt2 Tonight

Brooklyn battery tunnel and holland tunnel remain closed. JFK airport will prob open tomorrow. La Guardia, however, heavily damaged. #Sandy

i wonder what the hurricane sandy account will do when the storm is eventually over

Best comfort food during Sandy? Warm Sweet Corn Chowder. We have it, as well as Three Bean Chili. Come on over! #Vittles

SANDY moving Westward at 10mph while weakening across Southern PA. Max Winds, 45mph. Sandy turn into Western NY tonight  Canada by Wed.

#JFK will most likely be re-opened tomorrow. #nyc #sandy

Sandy floods Norfolk New York mayor Michael Bloomberg orders a mandatory evacuation of parts of   #video #mayorbloomberg

Gov. Cuomo: We are cautiously optimistic that Wall Street will come back online tomorrow. #Sandy

Alright, Sandy. Tumblr is intermittently down. It's personal now, bitch.

Myles is so distraught after hearing about all this Hurricane stuff. #cat

PHOTOS: Hurricane #Sandy:   Sending love to east coast tweeps weathering the #Frankenstorm

Oh Good! The National Un-Watering Swat Team is on it's way! Um,what? We have a team for that? How do you get a job on THAT team? #sandy

all the best to everybody effected by the hurricane Sandy. From SA!

I'm over this hurricane, let me go to the malllllll :-(

I'm so glad that I was so prepared for this hurricane.and that they cancelled classes.

So lucky right now that there is minimal to no damage in my whereabouts #Sandy

No, one the days of the week did not get washed away by #Sandy. It's Tuesday #Debate on storm's impact on US elex. #mybad

At least 16 big, fallen trees block us from getting out. Trees took down three power poles. #sandy #nj

HURRICANE UPDATE : Mitt Romney has advised everyone in the path of Hurricane Sandy to make their way to their 2nd or 3r

Gov. Cuomo on flooding: It was frightening, it was truly frightening. #Sandy #NYC

u r ignorant smh..I hope Sandy knocked over all ya DVDs!!!!

This Wind Map is amazing at mezmerizing. The wind in Chicago is feeding into #sandy. Amazing.  (h/t

This hurricane was perfect, nothing happened but it scared the school enough to close. #yahoo!!

happy birthdizzle to you! sandy cohen's making us bagels with shmear later, whoopie!

Viral Storm: Hurricane Sandy Blows Through YouTube: As Hurricane Sandy begins to ease off the East Coast, a vira

God Bless all the people affected by the hurricane. especially the ones who lost love ones.

hi piers - would you be free for an interview with the voice of russia about sandy?

Here the hurricane sandy has proper ransacked new jersey! There hardly nowt left

Now on TV: helpful food tips for those without power. Hmm.don'tcha need power to watch the TV?  #Sandy

15 people died because of  #Sandy #DeanaDearmond still think it's funny to make fun of the people of NY NJ? #IgnorantNoClass

To our readers, advertisers and partners out there impacted by the storm: Hoping you are safe and are back after Sandy better than ever!

Throwing out stuff from the refrigerator. Heartbreaking. #Sandy

Bush: New Orleans - Katrina, Obama: New York - Sandy: Compare and Contrast #Sandy #HurricaneSandy #President2012 #USA #VOTE #whocaresmore

God bless all the families out there terribly affected by Hurricane Sandy. Keep your head held high, you'll all get through this.

Thank god we got power back! :) #sandy still praying for everyone else though

Good news  The sun just came out in New York. #Sandy

yea yea that lol I don't get it the hurricane is over thou? Sucks Brahh

No work today again?! What!!! Thanks hurricane sandy. So glad I got to sleep in again.

Good morning universe breakfast time  It's damn sure sandy out here Lols

Wow! Adrenaline Junkies?  GOOD Lite: Surfing Sandy: Some People Welcome This Hurricane

Big up me artist sandy mash up the show dem. #that bitch.

Hi Sandy! We can take a look at your bill for you if you wish. Please follow and DM your number. Thanks!

There isn't a better excuse to scrub then a hurricane #sweatsandtiedye

Im so living to tell the tale #sandy

Our heartfelt sympathies to everyone up north suffering through Hurricane Sandy. You're in our thoughts, and we will help in any way we can.

So when is the hurricane coming through? #Sandy

#sandy aftermath. This corner of #brooklyn got off easy Park

howz everythin? I heard that the Sandy hurricane is on its way to NY :/

WTF! Jay Carney unsure if Obama has power to delay election over Hurricane Sandy  via

so how'd you guys do through #sandy hope everyone's OK

Say,  How about some non-local-to-New York feeds on the Hurricane Sandy info channel (349)?

A tree totaled my husbands car. Thanks a lot #sandy!

The victims of Hurricane Sandy are in our thoughts, we hope you all are okay too! Stay safe, stay metal!

Does anyone know a walmart in new jersey that's open after a hurricane

More snow. 1hr from #pittsburgh #sandy #hurricanesandy  And Rocks Everywhere

Also, glad to hear that you guys were okay after Sandy. Enjoy your movies!

Cuomo: I don't think anyone can sit back anymore and say 'I'm shocked at this weather pattern.' #sandy

its gon be somewhat an awkward week for any1 called Sandy

Special Hurricane Hurricane Sandy puts power grids to the test: Hurricane Sandy puts power grids to the test  Sandy

#instacollage baked eggs. Eating like queens with #sandy

I think Sandy is gone now! Bahaha!

Think they ever entertained the idea of calling it Hurricane Snooki?

Chicago is feeling the impact of hurricane Sandy today. The wind is bloooowiiing

When some idiot turns the lights off in the hallways and half the bitches in my school start screaming like hurricane Sandy comin their way

BB announced a concert in LA and Newark.. but since Sandy appeared I think it's dangerous for them.. I don't want them to be in danger T_T

Sandy ain't no jokesharks in the streets and shit..

Sandy prompts some colleges to push early-application deadlines (Washington Post): Thursday marks a key annual d

*Call to David-Leaves a message: Hey man! Crazy hurricane out therebe safe and we'll get things back on the ball w/ the club when things-

I remember when #Sandy was just a girl!

Only thing making Sandy clean up bearable is announcement today

i Don't like Hurricane's They fuck up every thing like a city  all the other shit in it's way .

Affected Individuals  Businesses in Hurticane Sandy's path elligble to apply for #FEMA assistance

American Red Cross asking for help following Sandy

16 killed as Sandy smashes into New York, New Jersey: Washington/New York, Oct 30 (IANS) Smashing ash

Thanks much for RTing me on  #Sandy. TYVM for your tweets on #Sandy.

The storm sandy brought with her floods,  furious winds  wintery conditions  fires wake up  Intercessors

My parent's place in CT weathered the worst of #Sandy at high tide last night with no flooding. The surrounding area was not so lucky.

#100ThingsAboutMe I tweeted my life away when Sandy came through

Saw some photos from Hurrican Sandy. My thoughts and prayers to the East coast. Please stay safe! 3 We love ya'll!

NY Gov Cuomo describes running into the East River on 34th St between 1st  2nd Avenues last night (!) #Sandy

I survived Ike for 3 1/2 weeks with no power. And you are complaining about no power for a couple of days? Get over it. #sandy #stfu

Gov. Cuomo - can not put electrical systems in basements or areas that are vulnerable to flooding - a new reality for NYC. #sandy

#Sandy : Aaj kuch toofani karte hai!P.S. it's not u :P

Psh. You may have experienced the hurricane from land, I get to try and fly into it.  woo. #TrueAchievements

Check out #ACI's latest blog for Hurricane #Sandy crisis support, tips and resources:  #BePrepared #HelpEachOtherOut

I had a pine tree causality at my house from #sandy

Once we get some assistance from the hurricane relief, I'm going to pick up  new projects.

Prayers go out to everyone on the east coast who experienced hurricane sandy

My prayers go out to New York, New Jersey and all back east affected by this storm ! Just saw some pictures on the news ! #Sandy

#Premier KIA and #Premier Subaru will be open on 10/31/2012 at 7am! Thank you for your understanding during the storm! #sandy

Hurricane Sandy video: Listen to a bunch of girls lose their minds.

yea cuz somebodys gonna buy Rita's I'm the middle of a hurricane right ahaha

Hope you're safe, warm and with power in NY! Great job on DFM coverage of #Sandy. I liked the microsite.

Sandy's economic impact: The impact of Hurricane Sandy on the lives of residents of the Northea  cc

Not really seeing any damage in/around Times Square.  Lots of shops still closed. #Sandy

con fotitos Assessing the Damage From Hurricane Sandy

That is the first time I have ever gone through a hurricane or any wind over 4mph and didn't lose power. #Massachusettsproblems

how are those minority projects goin for ya?  Hurricane is good luck for Obama again.

Come join SB Nation's NFL/hurricane Google Hangout, with trade deadline talk galore:

So I only find out now that Hurricane Sandy is a REAL hurricaneI just thought it was a girl who was really mean -__- haha

From While Firefighters Battle Sandy, Romney Eyes Cuts to Firefighter Funding:   #p2 #du1 #njp #p2b

#Sandy may be a hundred miles east, but Romney has still managed to find himself a storm relief event in a swing state: h

If you're talking shit saying that Hurricane Sandy was minor just bcus yu weren't personally affected you're fucking stupid .

MT Iconic Lucy the Elephant in Margate, New Jersey [reportedly] survived! #Sandy

AFTERMATH- 29 PEOPLE REPORTED DEAD AT THIS TIME AND EXPECTED TO RISE AS WE CLEAN UP THE MESS. #SANDY #911BUFF

This is what our President does - Hurricane Sandy: Obama Pivots From Candidate To Commander In Chief  via

The East Coast is a disaster area from Sandy.our hearts and prayers are with all those affected by this devastatin

Photos: Recovery begins in NYC: Photos: New York recovers from Sandy

#SANDY: all major #NY-area #airports remain closed today. #LGA #JFK #EWR

if only singapore has hurricane sandy, i can don't need to attend school. #howcoolisthat

Sandy is literally the Ragina George of hurricanes

Can Canadians donate to disaster relief efforts in the US (and Canada) via txt msg? I only see a link via ur website. #Sandy

Text 'RedCross' to 90999 to donate $10 to help those affected by superstorm #Sandy

why don't talk a long walk on the Atlantic city pier during hurricane Sandy

Incredible job once again by all first responders and other folks who battle the elements to keep us safe! WE THANK YOU! #hurricane #Sandy

#nationalgrid says don't worry, be happy in video. #sandy #entsandy

Car trapped by an uprooted fallen tree on Marlborough Road, Ditmas Park, Brooklyn. #sandy

Watching Repo Games. I am slowly devolving. #Sandy #stuckinthehouseforthreedays

Seeing a lot of websites down today. #Sandy taking a toll on the #Internet as well.

Sending prayers and best wishes to family, friends, and coworkers who were affected by Sandy.

Where Is Sandy Headed Now?:  Having hit land last night, devastating much of New York City, Sandy will w

we're grateful to phenomenal #NHV  Public Works  First Responders working hard here in Westville. We are one city #Sandy

Morning fog delays flights at LAX; more Sandy cancellations

And people thought Sandy wouldn't touch down in Trenton!!

I don't understand how people think this hurricane was weakI'm in blacksburg, FAR FROM THE COAST, and the wind was insane!

Education Week: Hurricane Sandy Shutters Thousands of Schools

My heart goes out to everyone affected by Hurricane Sandy, especially those with missing family or friends.

My thoughts and prayers are with all who have been affected by Hurricane #Sandy in NC  along the East Coast

Lemme find out Hurricane sandy got a twitter? Y'all lame as hell lmao

Travel chaos continues in US even as Sandy's winds weaken - Daily Nation  #travel

Pasadena when you think this morning is rough - It is a lot rougher trying to make it through the day with hurricane da

My thoughts and prayers for those family and friends of those who lost their lives in this horrible Hurricane/Super Storm #Sandy #GodBless

How much do field reporters make? Because ima need 6 figs if they sent me out in Sandy to report live footage

Spooky: Sandy/Sandra is short for the Gk name Cassandra, cursed prophetess from #myth whose warnings of disaster were

I like how Obama left Florida (where #Sandy isn't hitting) and went back to Washington D.C to show his support and conc

Sandy go away please! Stop it!

Dave says his NY data center is ok. Power not on since project is only 80% done. More interesting is how NY mops up. #Sandy

Check out our coverage on Hurricane Sandy at  Tweet us your thoughts about the storm as well as any photos you have.

#Sandy Update info: To be updated by RADIO: Turn to 98.7 KISS FM ALL DAY LIVE COVERAGE of what's going and Sandy's AFTERMATH!!!

SENDING #PRAYERS Mayor Michael Bloomberg says at least 10 dead in New York City during Hurricane Sandy VIA

PHOTOS: Hurricane #Sandy Sparks Fire That Destroys More Than 80 Homes in #NewYork

drove around downtown. no traffic lights. just a ton of people w luggage and bags trying to get cabs to take them out of the area. #sandy

We hope everyone was safe during yesterday's storm. Thoughts are w/ families affected by the hurricane. Extra love for emergency responders.

Hurricane Sandy diary: UK pupils barricaded in hotel

There just something abt Chris Christie isnt there? Wont agree w/ him on anything. But you cant deny it- Guys a leader. #sayfie #p2 #Sandy

New Yorkers rule! I was there for Irene which of course turned out to be pint sized compared to sandy. But you guys always tough it out.

Photo I took showing how high the water was. Water was in the car. #brooklyn #sandy #nyc

Post hurricane. Not too shabby. #hurricanesandy #newyork  West Side

I want a Chicken Box ' .  . . . Fuck you Sandy ! You won this Round .

If you are considering politicizing this hurricane, please note is doing just that. Do you really want to be like Trump?

R is matching Sandy Relief Fundraising up to $25K   per Go,

Most underwhelming hurricane ever. So long, Sandy, and thanks for all the canned food!

ctfu did they just say hurricane party wooooooow

Found another portal to hell left over from this fucking hurricane. Why must hurricane season leave these things on my lawn

RT Over 15,000 flights across the globe grounded due to Superstorm Sandy

Just thought I should share my amazement w - during #sandy not so much as a glitch!! #amazing #true #serious #probablywitchcraft

Sycamores offering free football tickets with donation to Hurricane victims:

big surrogate, heaps praise o during #Sandy

clearly I was more prepared for sandy than

Reeling from #Sandy? Hurricanes are only going to get worse as climate change does. Read an exclusive FREE virtual issue from Biotropica

Oh ALLAH Please help the people of #USA #US #USAID #USAIDPAK in USA 7600000 citizen of USA now #PAKISTANI due to sandy.

Even hurricane Sandy can't stop a player from playing. Happy 6th birthday Bud.

Don't get too excited about these Hurricane Sandy pics, they're all fake.  (via

Hello people complaining about coverage of storm sandy. Their govt cares about its people, makes a big deal about danger to citizens.

We Will Not Allow Privatization!!  Daily Kos: In Hurricane Sandy, a powerful reminder we need government  via

AMAZING PIC- anyone need a cab in NYC. #sandy

Latest death toll from #Sandy is 94 overall, including 26 in the U.S, Overall breakdown of fatalities from Sandy

International Solidarity with #Cuba after Hurricane #Sandy (Cuban Radio)

why are all hurricanes super soft names? like no one is afraid of someone named sandy

Yeah, it's coldbut so many ppl are losing all they have to a hurricane as we speak, so I won't complain #alwayssomethingtobethankfulfor

If any place needed a bath it was seaside #sandy

*sings* I can think clearly know that the hurricane is gone , lls

#LOL ----Hafiz Saeed with a $10 million US bounty on his head has offered aid to Americans hit by superstorm Sandy

The Taunton Green looks great post-Sandy! #TauntonTuesday

A shark was photographed swimming up the road in New Jersey #sandy pic #MB

It's times like these I do a little dance of joy cuz I live in northern Wisconsin. #keepsafe #Sandy

Pray for those who are facing the tragedy of hurricane Sandy Live-Blogging Sandy  via

Pray for all the Americans instead of making jokes on Hurricane Sandy.

I feel like this is almost like a modern day Sodom and Gomorrah.with NYC and these fires and hurricane.

OK disregard my last tweet about Hurricane Sandy. It hadn't touched down yet. Lower Manhattan got the business. Uptown hardly gets anything.

Based on what I see #Salisbury made out ok through #Sandy.

beginning the clean up Hurricane Sandy. Otherwise I'm good

In the face of Hurricane Sandy, the Tomb of the Unknowns was ok, but the pic was old, they were covered by an awning.

I hope everyone is safe and sound. My heart goes out to those who have been severely affected by Sandy

Donate blood + clothing  help find a temp home for their lobsters ::  #volunteer #hurricanesandy #sandy

Be safe in the storm tonight East Coast friends! Thoughts, prayers and all that! #Sandy

Mitt Romney On Hurricane Sandy: 'We Have Heavy Hearts'  if I were president, empty pockets.

#sandy hitting the coast---Rain Alarm Pro - 22:30 CET

Winds from Sandy hittin GB

People annoying the hell out of me today  superstorm Sandy.

oh yea, don't be mad at my Sandy jokes. cuz if my shit got huffed and puffed and blew da fuck down, I'd still be crackin' jokes!! lls..

Please be advised that I am safe from hurricane Sandy, but am now weathering the latest onslaught from #TOpoli

People can be so ignorant and say that Sandy did nothing to us but we didn't get hit as bad as New York did. Alot worse

UPDATE: Listen to Elmo comfort kids about Hurricane #Sandy --

you did what everyone else would've done! I hope you don't die from Aaron and Mrs. Sandy. Ill see you after your suspension!

Sadly true-so much #Sandy destruction

The hurricane is not as bad as the hype said it was going to be for the past week still very bad but not as bad ?

Another tree down in Forest Hills, NY. Happy to report everyone is safe. #sandy Credit: Vicki Zunitch

- This Bitch Sandy Came Around My Hood For Some Days .. Excuse The Blows She Gave ( Frank Ocean Voice )

Oldest U.S nuclear plant on alert after Sandy

PRETTY SURE IM STILL GONNA GO TRICK OR TREATING YEAH SCREW YOU SANDY

this hurricane fucked up my week!!!#pissed

Sandy has her own No Parking Zone: 20th and Ave B, Manhattan

#Sandy cast a shadow on the NBA's opening night but at least I will be able to watch something on TV other than seeing my area in ruins

fuck sandy. i prefer spongebob:-)

102 fever. in hospital. trapped by sandy. too sick to move. and you tell me i stood you up.#BITCH

Best thing about this hurricane is northeastern people should lose power soon and we won't have to read any more of thei

Founder of terrorist Lashkar-e-Taiba (Mumbai bombings killed 166) offers to send doctors/hurricane aid to US.  Keep it.

maybe worth a quick blog post while you're holed up for sandy?

10/30/2012 -- Severe Weather Overview -- Hurricane Sandy -- Possible Tornadoes  via

filmed pilot for remake of Mutiny on the Bounty on ship capsized in Sandy. Sorry to see that ship go and hear she lost some of her crew.

Heartbroken as I see the damage in NJ and NYC from #sandy So many prayers.

Apparently YouTubes experiencing so many problems because they've been hit by Hurricane Sandy.. Not sure if that's tr

Hurricane sandy coming to donegal as we speak :o #helpme

my sister just moved to Boston for law school this year, knowing she has to deal with a hurricane is the worst. #Sandy

Staten Island teen killed by Hurricane Sandy; dad missing and mom is hurt |

I think I was right about this weak ass hurricane.

Our thoughts go out to everyone affected by Hurricane Sandy- stay safe!

Sandy fuck my week up

Pour vaincre #Sandy appelons Dennis Quaid.

Its still a hurricane outside like a mofo!

Lol not for nothing this hurricane got me looking Ratchet lol

So uh, let me get off schoool tomorrow too Sandy..

But my thoughts and prayers are with all those affected by Superstorm Sandy. I think u guys should stop naming the disasters, they return!!

I knew sandy wasn't gonna do anything..

Superstorm #Sandy Claims Life of Former USC Song Girl

Photos of Sandy at the beach: She's developing nicely |

from where I stand  the aftermath of a hurricane

Is hurricane Sandy still on her period

Here is a link describing the hurricane that put out the fires in DC and descimated British forces.

#HuffPost News Weather Underground's 'Weather Weenies' Electrified By Hurricane Sandy

With your corny ass Sandy jokes !!!!

lol I really have to be prepared for the next hurricane.. like forreal i gotta do better lmao

East Harlem, what are you experiencing?? Any floodwater left? #Sandy

if only sandy had a reverse button so we wouldnt have school .

I don't like to use profanity on twitter but I must say that Sandy is a serious bitch!!! Be safe!

it's not political but comparing '89 earthquake to #Sandy is sort of reminiscent of being partisan with or without politics

yeah it was suppose to be today  the kids had to wear their costumes but idk with all this hype about sandy

Indeed. They ran plants at 100% until sandy took them out rather than the safer option of lower power output #nuclear

Photo: NY en aguas (via Hurricane Sandy: After Landfall - In Focus - The Atlantic)

Sincere Gratitude to #FDNY #NYPD, first responders, hospital staff, #USCG #NationalGuard  utility companies for their dedication #Sandy

Superstorm Sandy knocks out data centers, causes major website outages after flooding NYC

Due to #Sandy fucking shit up, we've extended the #CostumeContest deadline to November 1st at midnight. Enter away!

Kids in Park Slope climbing one of Sandy's tree victims. #hurricanesandy

Just how damaging will Superstorm Sandy be?

ok like really i get that my internet is crappy because of sandy but photoshop should still work jesus christ i'm gonna commit mass murder

Sandy's death toll climbs; millions without power: An eerily quiet NYC is all but closed off as the su  #thuggish

Hope everyone is staying safe in America. #Sandy

Let me get this straight.. you are in NY? And a yoga studio of all places is open? #sandy

We add our prayers to all those for the victims of #Sandy today.

No iPod, Headphones, Munchies, Computer or Phone Charger Last. Fuck The Hurricane, The Rain Almost Killed Me With The Fucking Boredom!!!

If #Sandy takes out #jerseyshore where all the guidos gonna migrate to now?! #GuidoExodus

LOL, WHAT HAPPENED TO THE HURRICANE B?

Seattle area traffic apparently thinks it was in hurricane sandy yesterday too.

TRENDING: Is Late Night still funny without laughter? Letterman and Fallon go on despite #Sandy.

'BrazilNeedsOneDirection Can you all please stop trending its. Half of America right now is in the middle of a hurricane. S

We hope our East Coast friends are staying safe! How have your furry family members been handling #Sandy?

NESARA- Restore America - Galactic News: July 2011 LORD Prophecy about Sandy Storm

The Daily Bell - Global Warming Meme Powers Hurricane Coverage  via

Everyone safe after #Sandy? I think the DMV is safe, but the damage lingers! Tips for surviving a storm

MT The big Fed Govt some say is needed for big problems like Sandy went home early in DC yesterday  is mo

Gonna go take a walk with my mom to see all the damage Sandy did )

Thoughts are with those affected by the hurricane Sandy. Stay safe and be strong.

okay so is this whole Sandy fakery over?

I'm grateful that I didn't lose power or water and got a good night's sleep. Some of my friends weren't as lucky :( #Sandy

Business as usual today. Sandy who?

yoooooo how are you? Is sandy still being a bitch?

Want to monitor Lake Michigan's waves? Check out this link  #Sandy #Storm #Wisconsin

Sandy at first I thought you were cool and now your going a little to far

Still powered up and running here. So glad #sandy didnt cause more damage. Good luck NYC

Honestly, we're lucky. Our gov't  utilities were prepared  Sandy was only Cat 1. Katrina was 4 when she hit NoLa.  we don't have levees.

Doing the only kind of thing I know how -- arranging a Sandy benefit literary reading. More soon. If you want to be involv

New Yorkers think they r so tough, but a storm comes and they all scatter like cockroaches #sandy

Anyone else on here hit badly by #Sandy ?

CNN: just reported five Hurricane #Sandy fatalities so far in NY City. is now being intervi

I didn't have to use any of my sandy supplies. Thank god.

My hair and a hurricane don't mix #sandy #shehatesme #curlyhairprobs

Nasdaq  NYSE to reopen for trading tomorrow, Wednesday. #Sandy

She is not Sandy, she is 'AURORA', my painting dedicated to all the victims. You will rise again. We feel for you

oh shit its after 12 -___- sandy took my alarm ;)

I was concerned by early reports that your combover had become untethered during Sandy. Turns out it was

#Video(s): David Letterman, Jimmy Fallon Do Shows Without Audiences   #sandy #nyc

So over the streets being flooded in South Beach!  Ugh!  #SouthBeach #FullMoon #HighTide #Hurricane #Sandy

Hurricane like winds from sandy have made it to uwm campus

Hope that everything goes five in New York and every other state where #sandy hits! Greeting from #finland! Best of luck everyone in #USA

The damage that Sandy has done is crazy and to think this was category 1 hurricane. NY could never handle anything more!

This drawls sandy didnt even get me off work today.

BBC:  In pictures: After Storm Sandy

My heart goes out to those people who lost their lives, homes and personal belongings due to hurricane Sandy.

Found out I won't be getting my paycheck until Thursday because of the fucking hurricane !

When your in bed, lose your phone in your covers and then it looks like hurricane sandy just hit#whereareuhiding

Its hard to believe that we had a hurricane yesterday

just because sandy didn't destroy Philly doesn't mean it was a joke. it's not funny that people's homes are underwater

Hurricane Sandy hitting southern and eastern Ontario on Wednesday. Put away anything that can be blown away. Survival kit a good idea!#sandy

Watching the news; the damage of Hurricane Sandy is unbelievable. My heart and prayers go out to the east coast. Stay strong guys.

Dr. Sears' video chat has been postponed due to technical difficulties related to Hurricane Sandy.  All our best to those on the East Coast.

Hurricane passed and now it's 64 degrees out #OhNewEngland

Hurricane wit  them horshoes rest in peace to her hair due

Dan Carcillo's Mustache hopes you all made it through Sandy safe and sound. Also, Dan Carcillo's Mustache misses hockey.

Katy perry promised me a rainbow after a hurricane..

Sandy bitch don't you dare get to Colorado.

Just saw what'a happening in NYC :o #sandy #staystrongnewyorkers

I pray my family in Virginia are doing Ok! #Praying #Sandy

Hurricane Sandy can't stop our Alumni Reception in Halifax on Friday!  Who's going to be there?

hey YOU were selected to be on panel I just figured as connected as you are you MUST have an inside edge ;-) gr8t pt abt #Sandy

LMAO HURRICANE PARTY BRUH BRUH!!!

Just a picture from my Dad of a house a few blocks away from my house #Sandy

I voted on Tuesday.  Wonderful election judges made everything super easy.  No Sandy here, No excuses not to vote Colorado.

I feel mean laughing at some of these hurricane sandy jokes but there just so funny,omg

is currently updating us on opening, closing, availability of all publishing outfits in New York. Follow them. #Sandy

Sandy kills 60 in the Caribbean  nobody gives a fuck; it hits NY  everyone goes nuts. Silly me, black people d

More than 16,000 flights canceled by super storm Sandy: Super storm Sandy continued its devastation on the natio

Now I know firsthand what citizens of #New #Orleans felt like during #Katrina! #WOW! #Sandy

We came through hurricane Sandy with very little damage, praise God. :) My neighborhood didn't even lose power! Praying for folks in NJ  NY

My favorite part of Sandy is seeing all the Romney/Ryan signs scattered all over the place #ThanksGirl

Nobody talked about climate change into debates but now everybody are talking about weather and storms #Sandy

Hey if you're closed for a day bc of a hurricane its cool but get rid of the fuckin' bread. This BLT is like chewin thru cinderblocks.

#FDNY at it's finest! #nyc #hurricane #hurricanesandy #destruction #tudorcity #nyc  City Park South

Dana Telsey on Post-hurricane, Lowe's  Home Depot usually get 60 to 100% jump in same-store sales.

so we're on the road to NYC now. Where do you think we'll hit the worst of #Sandy on our way there? #OHTF1

I survived Sandy, but I think this giant wasp in my room is a serious threat to my life.

Safe after Sandy. Borrowed power from neighbor in back. 1 extension cord is our lifeline.

Hope everyone back home in jersey is alright and was able to stay safe throughout the storm #Sandy

For the latest news from #ConEd, please visit  #Sandy #NYSandy

Hurricane Sandy: Shared Branching Working for Storm-Struck Members #hurricanesandy  (via

We hope all those amazing people and their families we met at NYCC are doing well this morning. #Sandy #Wushu

Totally captivated by coverage of #superstorm #Sandy.   Any #ChicoCA residents affected by the devastation?

How come last hurricane, we got power back in the next like hour but we have to wait a week for something that happened over night!?!?!

Here in PA no power, 1 bent patio canopy, and a truckload of trees to move but A-OK! Hope you all survived #Sandy too :)

Told ya sandy was slight work.

Sad but installation I wrote about in  didn't weather Sandy well. I will have to take it down shortly!

Finding out that sandy tore down the boardwalk in Seaside just makes me so thankful my bestfriend is ok up there

This sideways rain can suck my balls.. UGH.. YOU HEAR ME SANDY!? SUCK MY BALLS!?

Ahi les encargo 7 Fake Hurricane Sandy Photos You're Sharing on Social Media  via

I wonder what the #insurance companies come up with to wash their hands out of this one #Sandy #money #damage

Storm Shuts 3 Nuke Plants; 'Alert' Remains At Oyster Creek   #sandy #nuclearrisks

Were your #county facilities damaged in the wake of Hurricane #Sandy? Seeking help from neighboring #counties? Please, let know!

heart goes out to all the families of those who lost their lives and the others who have been affected by Sandy

Our hearts are with those impacted by Sandy. We are thankful midtown was not hit as hard. We will be OPEN today at 4pm

Everyone in the area safe and sound? RT if you and your family are doing well. Dial 311 for non emergencies. #Sandy

As we continue to see and feel the impact of Hurricane Sandy, many jurisdictions have transitioned from response

Wow Incredible shots from the effects of the hurricane in NYC.

Sending love and prayers to those affected by Sandy. #Sandy

Sandy really messed up my plans

My unlimited metrocard is wasting away #Sandy.

Handy guide to sort out fake pictures of Sandy. Not surprising, I've seen a lot more fake than real floating around.

Sending good vibes to those affected by #sandy. No power? Read a book! We have one in mind :)

Hurricane is good luck for Obama again- he will buy the election by handing out billions of dollars. do you c this guy

My thoughts and prayers are with those in Sandy's path and our brave first responders who have been and will be ht

You think it's a coincidence this hurricane happens when it's almost time to vote??? #Conspiracy or #FACT

Wondering how will the hurricane impact the upcoming #election2012

Thoughts go out to those in the east coast effected by hurricane sandy..stay strong

Our thoughts are with the first responders, police, and firemen now sorting through #Sandy's wake. Stay safe.

Sandy, you are one ratchet ass hoe.  I hate you.

I wonder if Hurricane Sandy caught Dirty Dan yet

Damn, why couldn't the hurricane knock down Heights High?

Spongbob n Patrick fukkin with Sandy while she hibernating

#News #TopStories Sandy buries West Virginia under snow  via

#AdityaRamadana Sandy buries West Virginia under snow

As the East Coast struggles to recover from Hurricane Sandy's wicked Halloween-week bludgeoning, the

Watching the aftermath of super storm Sandy.  New York looks like the set of a sci-fi movie.  Unbelievable!  #NewYork

Filming of biblical epic Noah postponed to protect the Ark from being destroyed by Hurricane Sandy

Hurricane Sandy has hit the home office in Newton, NJ pretty hard. Many trees down and no power. Work continues

Hey, we don't have power right now, but when we get it back, if you need to run from the hurricane and into the woods, let us know.

Our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in the Northeast affected by the horrific storm, #Sandy. Keep safe and warm!

When the hell is there going to be a Hurricane Kevin?

Amanda, thx for sharing our hurricane app! I hope you were safe during #Sandy.

When your giant metal sign was at a 90 degree angle, we knew #Sandy was real (photo by Dana Sauchelli)

On a serious note- please send good thoughts  prayers to the victims of #Sandy all over the east coast It's rea

no one got ur cd #kickrocks sandy

Actually scared about hurricane sandy.

Sandy wasn't playing yesterday.  She was not gonna be stood up or outshined by Irene!

Street turned into river by floodwater during storm #Sandy in NYC - PHOTO   via

Special prayers go out to the extended MMG Family recovering from a real SuperStorm Sandy!  #MMGStreetsLaFamilia

Eventually found a TV to watch the news: Sandy's toll, flooded NYC (only place in the U.S. I know). Goose bumps -- but not the happy ones.

#Sandy update: I'm safe and dry. No damage, no flooding; but no power. Phone will die soon. Stay safe and 3 to all.

The new Episode isnt showing to some people in their sub boxes due to Hurricane Sandy messing up Youtube. CHECK THE CHANNEL GUYZ!

Scott Pelley Evacuates Live Location Just Before Sandy Destroys It  (via #MSP1655

Hurricane Caster will spin much faster than Hurricane Sandy.#HurricaneSandy

Ambulances waiting for NYU hospital evacuation #sandy

I bet Gangnam Style is like a rain dance and it brought the hurricane to the east cost from those guys - MinecraftMon99

Both my apartment and studio were untouched by #sandy. #blessed. Thoughts and prayers with those who have lost so much.

This hurricane aint do to much but knock over trash cans

I think hurricane sandy is so bad because of her name! #brutal

AC offices still closedhoping to get back to work on wednesday for Halloween!No Candy for Sandy, though!!!

Funny to think I'd be in geometry right now if it wasn't for you, Sandy #mygirl

Yes, i did just see someone walking around with a sword #sandy #jerseycity

Sandy traveled over Gulf Stream, lots of heat content.  Started to make transition to extratropical north of NC but still.

that's a whole year away, hurricane season is over lol

if anyone wants a photo by photo account of NY after #Sandy a local photogrpaher is doing a damn fine job

OUC crews heading to New Jersey to help restore power after Sandy.

Tuesday specials! Come out and celebrate surviving Sandy!

As for HQwe have power, we're on the air.  But we have virtually no inbound phones. #Sandy #NYC

[Ed. Correction] Why couldn't #Bain Capital have bought #Sandy and sent it oversees? #Sensata #p2 #p21

Springsteen - 4th Of July, Asbury Park (#Sandy) sub ita:  via

So y'all are complaining about #sandy like this didn't happen? #oh ok

damn im mad as shyt i cnt perform today because of fuckn sandy yo ima have to get it poppn anther day then

Special shoutout to ME not making the barber shop this weekend!!! When Sandy slapped ME in the face, I took it like a man. #BeardSeason

maybe sandy was in on the cancelling of #jshore. just a thought lol

Barely slept last night. Nerves are shot. Thinking of all who are truly affected. We are so strong,  will get thru this!! #Sandy

really kind Mark - thank you! New Yorkers are a resilient bunch! #Sandy

any idea when cell service for calls/texts will be restored in CT? #sandy #wxedge

Take #climate #science seriously.  It is time to restructure north-east North America in order to prepare for yearly tropical storms. #Sandy

My heart goes out to the ppl on the east coast affected by #Sandy been watching #CNN all morning

Hydro back on in my place after 12 hours #Sandy #SandyTO

Video: Film start ship bounty claimed by Sandy

Hoping that citizens of NYC and the surrounding areas are safe #Sandy #NYC

Gary Rothfeld How it unfolded on Instagram: Superstorm Sandy smashed the East Coast on Monday night, triggering fl  Gary Rothfeld News

How are you guys holding up in New York!? Still giving us kpop news even though Sandy has been hell! THANK YOU 3 TAKE CARE!!!

The good news about the hurricane #sandy power outage is that I'm now a two-time raftery family monopoly champion

yeah, no disrespect. been keeping tabs+sending good thoughts to my fam in LI,NYC,MAR, as well as all others #Sandy

I thought Sandy was going to be worse

Craving some lobster? You may have to wait. Hurricane Sandy means less fresh fish on restaurant menus

Remember: DO NOT CALL 911 EXCEPT IN CASES OF LIFE OR DEATH EMERGENCY. Use 311 to report downed trees/power lines #Sandy

So bright and sunny here after the hurricane. And people were so paranoid we'd flood like Irene again.

I feel so sorry for anyone affected by Hurricane Sandy. My heart goes out to them and all the people who've passed.

Floodwaters from Sandy rushed into New York City late Monday, submerging cars up to their headlights on East 14th

I'm  calling it. Jets Super Bowl champsNext year, and they trade for Brees. #sandy #recoveryFund  #sources

Superstorm Sandy: flood, wind damage and travel chaos in New York City  remember the effected in your prayers.

People get too caught up on category, there is MUCH more damage to a hurricane than just what the top wind speed is.

Real pictures from the storm in NYC: Assessing the Damage From Hurricane Sandy

TN Exchange was unaffected by Hurricane Sandy. Brokers with local outages - hope you're safe, please contact us if you need any assistance!

Very fortunate that our area was mostly unscathed by Sandy. Wishing well for those who weren't so lucky. Be safe and hang in there! #Sandy

BE D FIRST 2 KNOW::: Five stories you missed during Sandy: Superstorm Sandy has dominated o  ::::::::::::::::#ACE

#FollowBackNow Look presidential during a disaster: With Hurricane Sandy slamming the East Coast  #NickulinhoFans

They made me take off for this B.S sandy storm crap #blowthewhistle

Show me on this globe where the bad hurricane touched you.

Sandy Drowns Jalopnik, Site Advocates Wife Swapping While Down: One of the many victims of Sandy: Jalopnik. Alon

Really  hating hurricane sandy. Still no power at my house.

Verizon Update of New York Enterprise Hurricane Damage: We received news from Verizon Wireless and its efforts t

Hard to gauge the public sentiment on #Sandy. Still a lot of cynical folks cracking jokes. 03 Hurricane Isabel we took it very seriously.

Wish hurricane sandy would come to Michigan! Nothing cool ever happens here #notevenaffraidofthatbitch

hurricane Sandusky is just raping the east coast. #imeansandy #oops

Sandy Squirrel got mad at Spongebob and Patrick messing with her stuff. That's why there's a hurricane.

Off work again today.. #Sandy go away!

The web video provider for is based in lower Manhattan and is offline bc of #Sandy. So and my story isn't online yet

My High School caught on fire during hurricane Sandy. Whoaaaaa..

PICTURES: Romney Helps in Aid Of Sandy Aftermath

#Sandy was scary enough for us. But if you want more, it's last 2 nights for haunted hay rides #rva

On a more serious note now My loveprayers go out to everyone over in the US East coast affected by #Sandy

RT RT Amazing something so tiny survived storm so huge. Sandy the kitten discovered this a.m

New rule, you tweet about Sandy and make it about politics, I unfollow you.

I honestly feel so bad for those being affected by Hurricane Sandy. It makes me sad knowing people are going through that and I can't help.

My sister said sandy is mad at spongebob lol

Thoughts with everyone affected by Superstorm Sandy, including who are stranded in Rhode Island.

Thx for all the RTs on Sandy! You're a big help.

im wet and socked thx to my basement flooding and im still not dry DAMN U HURRICANE

#CabriniCollege classes resume Wednesday, Oct 31; resident students can move back starting today at 3 PM. #sandy

Staten Island teen killed by Hurricane Sandy; dad missing and mom is hurt: A 13-year-old girl was found d  #bronx

first of all it's called hurricane sandy moron.

Over rated ass hurricane, I didn't lose power at all

Spent the morning calling friends and family to make sure they were safe. Hopefully the power will come back soon! #Sandy

400 crews; 48hrs is ETA for large amount of areas for power restoration #sandy

Just heard from my cousin that they were in the 20% that didn't lose power. Lucky them. #Sandy

All the good vibes in np pushed Sandy off to the side with ease.

SuperStorm Sandy 3.000 flights canceled in new York50.000 passenger effected #Sandy

#Sandy instagram photos#crazy! I'm glad my friends and family are safe! Hope everyone else is okay!!

This is not the time to speeding down streets. Hey stupid there might be trees down there was this hurricane maybe u heard of it

Good News: The Cove Restaurant in Cape May survived Hurricane Sandy.

Sean Price Reporting Live From Hurricane Sandy:  via Wow! Now that's guerrilla marketing!

Oh my fucking god, Sandy ravage seaside height :O

Check Your Power Status Millions without power as Sandy batters East Coast | Fox News  via

NEWS Alert: Cruise line islands damaged by Hurricane Sandy

I guess hurricane sandy knocked our cable off again.for the fourth time this year.

No more Jersey Shore.next show I'm guessing is gonna be Sandy Waters

80 year-old tree old knocked down by Hurricane Sandy. Bedstuy, Brooklyn.

As you've been to Toronto, here's a news item about Sandy's effect in Canada.

There should be some sort of hurricane diet forgiveness built into my food journal app.

@highlight

Hurricane Sandy lashes Bahamas with wind and rain.

@highlight

Hurricane Sandy is churning up the waves! Expect peak wind gusts in excess of 50 mph on shore.

@highlight

Airlines cancel 7000 flights, 50m Americans to be affected, and public transportation systems are stoped.

@highlight

Hurricane Sandy is some 485 miles south-southeast of New York City packing winds of 75 mph.

@highlight

At least five million people are without power across the eastern US as a result of storm.

@highlight

Latest U.S.: 18 people deaths and 7.4 million without power.