New Zealand Stocks Decline After Paris Terrorist Attacks - ABC News #ZOLW

Islam Terror 2 US thru MEX: Islamic Terror N Paris Could Spell Trouble 4 Mexico Syrian Ref Progrm  via

U.S. stock futures, euro skid after Paris attacks: TOKYO (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures were sharply lower and

U.S. stock futures, euro skid after Paris attacks: TOKYO (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures were sharply low  #news

PARIS ATTACK WAS A STAGED EVENT  via

Jewish institutional activities grind to halt in grieving Paris  via

I've never been to Paris but I'v played too much Twisted Metal when I was a kid. Close enough.

'from paris with love' tHIS SICKENS ME THIS IS SO SICK EVERYONE IS SO SICKENING

Doesn't surprise me See him laying flowers in Paris when he's playing there sickens me  ,a self publicist

Lionsgate cancels 'Hunger Games' L.A. premiere red carpet after Paris attacks   VIA

Jean Jullien's art once again brought us together after the terrorist attacks in Paris: Peace for Paris was sh

Are you praying Syria like Paris? #PrayForSyria

NFL Teams Honor Paris Victims With Touching Tributes: The NFL stood in solidarity with Pa  #TBDFest is #TooLoud

who said David Grohl died in the Paris terrorist attacks?we're over here chillin' poolside, at the crib:

Memorial Service in Paris for Victims  via nytvideo

Police: At Least 60 Dead in Paris Attacks; Hostages Taken -   least 60 people were killed

France should have dropped 10 Atomic bombs on ISIS. That would sort them out. Don't #prayforisis, pray for Paris.

NFL Teams Honor Paris Victims With Touching Tributes: The NFL stood in solidarity with Paris on Sun

The reason the shootings and bombings happened in Paris is because America, the U.K. And France once accused Iraq of having weapons

All prayers n best of wishes goes to Paris

Australian, New Zealand stocks fall after Paris attacks: The Australian and New Zealand stock markets b  (WAPO)

For Rob! Rob Lowe Takes Heat Paris Tweets Criticizing French Immigration Policy, President Hollande

So Paris have let airstrikes off in Syria.. Remember that saying, two wrongs don't make a right? Yeah well

After watching can't sleep. Horrific what has happened in Paris! #FeelingEmotional #ParisAttacks #EnoughIsEnough

The ISIS ???Refugee??? Journey to Terror in Paris: Greek presentation, European officials trace  by:

That grandstanding  poncing around Western leaders did post-Hebdo achieved so much they just HAVE to go walkabout in Paris again !

G20 summit: Obama, Putin find common ground on Syria after Paris attacks as leaders vow greater unity  via

We are keeping everyone impacted by the events in Paris in our thoughts. NASP issued a related statement  resources

Guy who asked how I'm black and support Paris asked what was behind the group of protestors in the picture I sent. It was the Eiffel Tower.

Attack Paris? You've really pissed off the world. Your days are numbered, REPENT! Before Uncle Sam creeps up  hell swollows you 4ever #Isis

Muslims as a whole are not to blame for what happened in Paris, but Islam as a religion has been put into sharp question by IS

Partying in Dublin like there's no tomorrow. And still looking forward to coming back to Paris where in belong. Thanks #ireland

Network Graph of ISIS's Claimed Attacks in Paris | Critical Threats

everyone who prayed for paris yesterday??? WYD?

Renewables NOW, no matter how many bombs in Paris to disrupt the climate talks. Cut off Saudi funding of ISIS NOW. Hypocrites.

It's very scary that a lot of people are recognizing what happened in Paris but not in Beruit, but even more

A really good article #paris #peace #nonviolence 8 Ways to Defend Against Terror Nonviolently  via

To the idiots blaming refugees for the attacks in Paris, do you not realize that these terrorists are the same

Respectful coverage of #Paris by - now time for people getting hit in the groin by things on Americas Funniest Home Videos

I wonder if the World will be praying for Palestine with the same zest  urgency its praying for Paris

Surely a wake up call for UK authorities. Detain all terror suspects now so that we don't have to wake up to what Paris just has!

ive just gone through the news and found out that paris is attacking syria for the attack on friday? im sorry but what in the world??

AJC: Short-term market drop likely following Paris terror

I liked a video  LAST NIGHT IN PARIS ~ Zeph Report

Dr. Robert #Jeffress Addresses #ParisAttacks (11/15/15)  via YouTube#jihad#Paris#islam

Wasn't gna bother about this whole Paris thing but the fact they've caused the same pain and suffering to other people is not right

C/O NEW BLOG POST Paris Terrror Attacks - Millions are praying for peace after the senseless, hauntingly grueso

And if there's anyone to trust in giving a fair, and balanced read of the situation in Paris, it's Vox Day. ;p

While one group is marching in solidarity for Paris, another group is marching in protest of a Minneapolis shooting. And the band played on.

A closer look at Paris after attacks November 15, 2015..

I hope everything is okay in Paris and that and everyone else is safe

Australian, New Zealand stocks fall after Paris attacks       {dailymail}

Not sure this guy understands what secularism is but interesting and relevant article from post-Hebdo attack.

With Paris, but also with Sinai/St Petersburg, and with Garissa in Kenya, and with Beirut, and with Ankara

What makes Paris a terror attack and Beirut just a bombing? #twip

I think he's in UK.  I don't think anyone knows if Paris show will happen. I think Paris is taking it one day at a time :(

Paris Attacks Show Vulnerability of Music Venues: Compared with big sporting events, music venues are difficul

Paris attacks to weigh on already-frail market sentiment

Lara Marlowe excellent as ever here Air strikes on Syria echo fatally back home in Paris  via

tech learned from past to get ppl in Paris in touch w loved ones via  Good things can come from #socmedia

sungairapat: As Paris investigation widens, France launches air strikes in Syria

Statement by the Local Coordination Committees in #Syria Regarding the Paris Attacks:  via

In post-Paris debate, Hillary Clinton gets religion via

Next time you see Dick Cheney, thank him and Halliburton for creating ISIS when they disbanded the Iraqi army #paris #iraq #syria #lebanon

I liked a video  ISIS Israel Netanyahu Paris False Flag Attack: A message to French Muslims

Let's see how Assad separate's his crew from the terrorists after Paris; this will be fun to watch play out.

+my uncle is in Paris and I still haven't heard of him so I defend the solidarity sometimes a bit too eagerly when it comes to this

hi I'm paris I'm 16 and never receive head

We need a strong leader that won't take any crap. Pray this madness  terror attacks

The fact that so many Muslims around the world were devastated by what happened in Paris, and were praying for everyone affected.

the world was praying for those hurt in Paris yet are condoning even more violence towards a country where only a small portion are ISIS

I'm not about to pray for Paris like it's the only place in the world with issues like this. Nah.

While investigations on the Paris attacks are ongoing, the death toll has risen to 132, according to French

#SyracuseU students and the community join together for a candle light #vigil for those in #Paris, #France

Ed and his wife Krista Keohane are OK and still stuck in Paris. They'll be coming home in Quincy soon. Keep them in your prayers. #QuincyMA

Madonna offers moment of silence for Paris terrorist attack

Paris slowly picking up the pieces

ppl responding to the Paris attacks by terrorizing innocent Muslims are no better than the ppl who did the original attacks. plain  simple.

I pray for every single city that has been attacked and has been portrayed as not as important as somewhere like Paris

University of Kentucky student reacts to recent attacks in Paris - WKYT

I woke up early thinking how many more Paris before it stops? The answer is clear. The ideology has to be fought ideologically  militarily

Florida Sexy Models 'Nightly Show' Staffers Talk Covering Paris Attacks, Story Behind Larry Wilmore's Anchor

Not a bright move after what happened in Paris.

After Paris, some pompous twats couldn't help announcing their moral superiority by portraying other people's righteous anger as bigotry.

#TV Paris Attacks: Sports Events Postponed, Euro 2016 Organizer Against Cancellation

In Washington, DC the flag atop the Capitol building flies at half staff in honor of the Paris terror attack victims. #News

#FF at a vigil for Southern California student killed in Paris attacks

ICYMI - Disneyland Paris Closed On November 14th

David Cameron to boost security spending after Paris attacks: An increase of 1,900 security and intelligence staff and more funding f

Portraits of Paris Attack Victims Begin to Emerge - Wall Street Journal

As a girl living near Paris thank you, a Lot.  But what about #Beyrouth ? Almost no one is speacking of the #ISISattack there!

SNL Paris Opening - SNL  How a comedy show addresses a tragedy :

The only reason why americans care about the paris attacks is because the dead were white. Attacks like that happen all the time #WakeUp

Pub Crawl stands by the people of France. #Paris

So what's your opinion on the Paris incident ?

Let's together pray for Paris Victims

After Paris, Pope Francis Tells #Christians to Be Ready for the End of the World  #587board -

I,m so sorry for Barbarously attack to hero Paris , I love Paris and Paris is abiding  forever .

Paris just pulled one of the worst moves to be honest .. #WW3HereWeCome

LRT: Paris is a fan? That's random lol. She looks good though, I'm glad she is doing better.

Paris attacks spark concern on Syrian immigration to Canada -

Terrorist Attack in Paris, World of HorrorsThe NEED FOR ANOTHER WAY

Sad that I probably won't remember the Paris attacks for the victims, but for the insanely dumb shit I saw on social media in the aftermath

U2 frontman Bono saddened that most of the fatalities of #Paris attacks were music fans:

Firecrackers and Fear Trigger Scenes of Panic in Paris: Firecrackers and exploding light bulbs and h  via

There are uniformed, legal terrorists walking around (police) America and they want us to pray for Paris. America is under attack right now.

The pentagon sneaks in the transfer of 5 Gitmo detainees to U.A.E. While the worlds eyes are on Paris terror attacks.

New Yorker Tells His Story Of A Ride With A Muslim Cab Driver Following Paris Attacks

Paris is attacked 36 hrs ago by TERRORISTS, so Obama releases FIVE MORE TERRORISTS from Gitmo today? #CantFixStupid

IAM STUDENTS: Wear black tomorrow in memory of the lives lost in Paris on Friday.

Justin Bieber broke down in tears on stage following Paris tragedy

Me 4 years ago (mw3 + Paris):    submitted by  Xnear  [link] [comment]

Okok Twitter, i need your help about smth, i'm about to release a video about the Paris Attacks and i need you to 'Preview' it and allow 1/2

Via Brandon High grad at Paris soccer match heard explosions outside stadium

how many people did u kill in Eastern Turkestan?  SHAME ON #China Ministry Links Antiterror Efforts to Paris Tragedy

Could Aggressive Interrogation Have Prevented the Paris Attacks?: (John Hinderaker) On November 5, nine days b

it's sad Paris one of my favorite city. Is now a dangerous place to visit.

Yeah, it's a sad coincidence that the attacjs in Paris happened at the same time we're reading this #luaw

When your school prays for paris #prayforparis #respect

i aint gone stunt.. this paris isis shirt got me scared af

Paris attacks: We still don't understand the enemy within

Paris terror attacks: Guard turned away one bomber at stadium

Awesome gig with and Great songs, great headbanging, great metal! Also minute silence for Paris.

Maybe so, but when such an attack occurs in a place like Paris, you must relalliate. They started it, its sad but it must happen

Heartbroken over Paris.. Disgusted that  empathy is only felt by americans when mass death happens to white ppl..

My parents are really trying to cancel my Paris trip this summer

I like how we now live in a world where not changing the color of your Facebook profile picture means you don't care about Paris

I added a video to a playlist  FRIDAY THE 13TH EXPOSED PARIS ILLUMINATI HIT(KNIGHTS OF TEMPLAR} N.W.O

He Pulled His Piano With His Bike Near The Paris Bataclan Theatre. Chills  by

The people of Paris haven't killed anybody, no more than the people of Syria have.

Attacks in Paris prompt China to boost security

PeopleEvent 'Hunger Games' Red Carpet Canceled In Wake Of Paris Attacks: The re -  #celebrities

What do we tell the children? Helping Children #Cope with the #Tragedy in #Paris. #socialwork #psych

[Billboard News] Brantley Gilbert Postpones European Tour Dates Following Paris Attacks: Brantley Gilbert has

We need new media that not scared to talk about situations like Paris and understand that this isn't there is no easy solution to shit.

a jump on this week's ArtSmartTravel Paris Question Tres Moderne  #paris

The Maroon is praying for Paris after the horrific terror attacks that took place on Friday. #Prayers4Paris

You seem more concerned with the people of ISIS than the people of Paris.

#breakingnews France strikes major ISIS targets in Syria in retaliation for Paris attacks: French warplanes st

Confirmed: 2nd Paris #Gunman Entered Europe Via Greece, Posing as #Refugee! DO NOT Import #Terrorists!

President has not let the terrorists deter his resolve to destroy the US energy infrastructure next week in Paris

Vigil held for American student killed in Paris attacks  via

can we hold the president responsible if we get attacked like France does.?

$USDJPY reversing 'Paris terror' bearish opening gap

Oil opens slightly up but stays near August lows after Paris attacks: SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Cr  via

Top Dem: ISIS has adapted, eyeing attacks against US  #ParisAttacks

but innocent people will be killed too,  just as in paris Kill syrians and muslims and thwy kill French and again French kills syrian

With blood on the streets of #Paris #Democrats #BernieSanders #HillaryClinton #OMalley2016 ALL REFUSE to call them #IslamicTerrorist

What happened in Paris was in deed a tragedy, I am not disagreeing with that.

NY Times Again Downplays Islamic Terror in Initial Coverage of Paris Massacres -

Over 200 gathered at #Paris synagogue to pray for victims of the attacks:

it's time for me to collect good night pray for paris and all countries that are going through it

After Paris attacks, fugitive slipped through police dragnet - Times of India: Times of IndiaAfter Paris attac

120+ dead in Paris prompts debate as to lack of outrage for 130 DAILY dead in Syria over past 1700 days!

i was expecting #goodluckcunt after 'live TV is a tricky old beast' but he made it about paris, a missed opportunity

RIP to your admin, friend and supporter who you lost on Friday evening to the barbaric events in Paris #tribute4frenchtoffees

Returning from Paris to London feels like leaving a wounded relative at a hospital to go out with a friend.

Your Solidarity with Paris is Misguided,All we need is white flag of peace or black one of protest against violence:

What do you know..a BLACK man..is it cool to Pray for Paris now all the people who assumed only white

#france #paris France launches massive strike against ISIL in Syria as manhunt intensifies - USA TODAY: New Yo

I liked a video  Mourning in Paris as authorities continue massive probe

Tweets About Paris Attacks TWO DAYS BEFORE They Occurred! EXTREMELY BIZARRE!

No, you  Paris can't but it's completely understandable!! I've never been to Paris but feel it's sadness  worry. Stay safe x

Yes, a repeat because we pre-empted this week for #Paris.

1/2 of course not everyone is evil but some of them yes, as u could see yesterday in Paris.

SOMEBODY POSTED A THROWBACK PICTURE OF HIM IN PARIS AND USED THE HASHTAG #PRAYFORPARIS WHAT THE FUCK NOW IS NOT THE TIME FOR THAT

As we sympathize with victims of senseless violence in Paris, so we should with victims in Syria, Lebanon, Iraq, Afghanistan and elsewhere.

Watching dateline interviews of people in Paris is so heart wrenching. Hard to fathom people can be so disconnected and capable of such evil

Trying to make sense of Paris attacks? Great reflection on what IS challenge to international order

Watching funny vines when a paris attack update happened in the background now i look mentally disturbed #badfirstimpressions #tanprobs

Oh yes he is! Go Pats! We have many French in Northern New England, so he won for Paris :)

We added 'Donate $1 to Paris' a new #community campaign!  #Los_Angeles

DTN India: Global markets brace for jolt after Paris attacks: Global stocks are set for a short-term selloff o

Yes to a World Kindness and No to a World of Terror! Paris, We Love You!

And so they spread like weeds through a neglected orchid The West is waning. #Paris #ParisAttack

NYPD Remains Vigilant In the Subways and the Streets of New York After Paris  - NY1  #PoliceNews

Ok, this is too much. #Trump implied that people died in Paris because they didn't have guns to protect themselves

WATCH woman hang from 2 story window in Paris to avoid being murdered by followers of the religion of pieces.  #tcot

Incredible footage of pure fear in Paris, the city will be on edge for sometime. big part of their evil plan #Paris

People want to sit here and bash others for showing their support and spreading their condolences to the tragedy that occurred in Paris.

#newsbusters NY Times Again Downplays Islamic Terror in Initial Coverage of Paris Massacres: The terrorist sho

I'm just finding out that my dad real dad lives in Paris :(

Just received a call from Paris.My family was in church when they received a terrorist threat.Being a military family this hurts

French Police May Have Stopped One of the Paris Terror Susp  |

Politico: Repubs Link Paris Massacre to Immigration - Breitbart  via Dems link it to Climate Change

LCC statement condemning the Paris attacks  Must-read

Broncos-Chiefs kickoff delayed for Paris tribute -

They pivoted and had a package on Paris too

Check this out - Paris attacks stunned the city  #business #finance #news

Photos: Washington Square Park Arch Goes Tricolore To Honor Paris Attack Victims: via

Global markets brace for short-lived jolt after Paris attacks: Global stocks are set for a short  #malaysianews

(And though the Beirut bombing happened the day before Paris, a lot of those people weren't talking about Beirut themselves until Paris.)

#Mizzou #CryBullies w/HurtFeelings Say F**k #Paris 4Stealing SpotLight!#Black #Student Ldr Worth $8M! #Democrats #GOP

Your Name tells me a lot too. Still doesn't explain how #BlackLivesMatter killed 120+ In Paris and Other Countries in the world

Paris attacks show escalation in terrorist tactics All the ISLAMIC TERRORIST ATTACK SKILL written in AL-QURAN ??

I'm sorry but Paris is bombing specific ISIS capitals not innocent people

yeeeeaaaaahhhh so the innocent lives that died in Paris were justifiable then? #myhatgoesofftoyou

The Latest: Official names 2 bombers in Paris attacks - Miami Herald: Daily TimesThe Latest: Official names 2

CNN RSS: Paris portraits: In their own words  via cnnbrk cnn Retweet

this isn't in Paris, you gonna correct your mistake?

So many countries were struck on Friday but u only hear about the Paris attack common mate

#Paris. Liberty. Equality. Fraternity. Graffiti. It works.

To the drunk idiots yelling during the moment of silence for Paris, shame on you. #SEAvsAZ

If anyone at school is unaware of the attack on Paris i may have to flame them up

Friday Paris was attacked. Today only thing on CNN right now is Anthony Bourdain

I've gotten teary eyed at every single moment of silence, every single picture or comment about Paris.

Kindess exists #PorteOuverte: Paris Opens Its Doors for People Stranded by Terrorist Attacks  via

WTF? == Paris Suspect Saleh Abdeslam Questioned and Released Hours After Attacks - Breitbart

Reminder!  Residents, please feel welcome to contact the RLC on duty should you need support following Friday's events in Paris  Beirut.

Turkish town of Gaziantep celebrate the attacks on Paris: Moderate Muslims in the Turkish town of Gaziantep ce

Paris Rosenberg ore. We pray mercies healings.

The bloody attacks in Paris are putting the Syrian refugee crisis at center stage in U.S. politics

2 days removed from the massacre in Paris and already the apologists are in full force, and the Muslim victim card is in play #PrayForSyria

New Video: Paris Attacks May Cause Short-Term Fear in Markets

After deadly Paris attacks, fugitive slipped through police dragnet - Macleans.ca

Pray for the people in Paris they have lost loved ones

French officials think as many as 20 plotters may be behind Paris attacks -  via

Paris bombed a terrorist training camp. Not innocents

saying prayers for Paris beautiful tribute

Entertainment News: CBS pulls 'Supergirl,' 'NCIS: LA' episodes that ring too similar to Paris attacks - Washing

Green Energy:  Green groups re-think massive Paris climate march after attacks  #APAC #Pacific #Solar

UPDATE: Samford students in Paris return to London; Alyssa Stockard shares her experience:

Pray for Paris - Our heartfelt Prayers go out to all the lost love ones  their families in Paris #Paris

PANDEMONIUM VIDEO: FEAR STAMPEDE at Paris Memorial as screaming people flee in  via

A #prayer for #Paris and all those reeling from violence

VVN Music: Eagles of Death Metal Merchandiser Killed in Paris Theater Attack: by Music-New  #VinylRecords #News

Not Just Paris: Why Is Beirut's Brutal Terrorist Attack Being Ignored?: Friday's devastating attack  #DhickNews

The beautiful city of #Paris and its courageous citizens are in our thoughts. The light shall prevail over darkness.

The Paris attacks make my heart sick. For the world is now a scarier place then ever. A normal Friday night of events  ppl murdered.

we pray for humanity, for Paris, at the Brazil mainly Minas Gerais

We in the Green Party of the United States express our sorrow and anger over the attacks in Beirut and Paris and

A little behind but my thoughts and prayers to the people who lost there lives in Paris!

World: It happened in Paris, but it shook the world: CBS Weekend News anchor Jeff Glor reflects on the impact

If confused about ISIS direction #ParisAttacks, after al Qaeda, spectrum of attacks - Directed, Networked  Inspired

Some folks unfortunately (and often tastelessly) rushed to play politics with the deaths of 129 innocents in Paris.

World: A Love letter to Beirut, Paris and Beyond from Sri Lanka from Sarah Jameel

Speaker Unruh leads the Senate in a moment of silence for those killed in Paris and around the world this past week.

Don't forget to wear blue, white, and red tomorrow to show solidarity for the events that happened in Paris this past weekend #PrayForParis

PiOU812:  .SkyViewAtlanta showing its support of #Paris after deadly attacks.

President Obama has ordered flags in the United States to half mast through sunset Thursday to honor the victims in Paris

Dollar Stronger in Asia as Markets Seek Safe Assets After Paris Attacks - Wall Street Journal

First this was Rita Ora, then it was SIA, now Paris Hilton??

CNN: Peace for Paris: Responding to terror with art

Israeli politicians compared a series of deadly attacks in Paris that left at least 129 civilians dead to

Monuments across the Arab world lit up in solidarity with Paris  #AbuDhabi

Facebook makes it easy to show Paris support with profile picture filter

One Love from Toronto to Paris.

Monday is International Tolerance Day, a timely reminder after this weeks events. #unitednations #un #paris

CBS Pushes Back Popular Shows That Had Scenes of Terrorism in Wake of Paris Attacks  via

Short profiles on some of the Muslims killed by ISIS in Paris.

Paris Tourists Saddened but Defiant in Wake of Attacks

16/11: France launches massive airstrike on Islamic State stronghold in Syria following Paris attacks/STAR

Out of respect for the victims in Paris we won't be doing a live show tonight. It's doesn't feel right.

I can't remember if this was in Palestine or Syria.. But it most def is not an image from Paris. Smh.

World leaders condemn Paris terror attacks, express condolences #ParisTerrorism #Paris Tragedy #ISIS #Terrorism

UPDATE 5-Paris attacks seen causing short-term global markets drop: * Initial shock may challeng  (By

Inquiry Finds Mounting Proof of Syria Link to Paris Attacks - New York Times: New York TimesInquiry Finds Moun

To let #SyrianRefugees come is the moral thing 2do, but all it takes is 1 bad seed to create this #nightmare. #Paris

The U.S. flag was ordered to be lowered at half-staff in remembrance of the Paris terrorist attack victims.

#US #USA US stock futures, euro skid after Paris attacks: TOKYO U.S. stock futures were sharply lower and the

Kylie trying to make me look like an idiot  She said Paris is a country.

To whom? ASU fans? Steve Kerr's father's life lost is no more  no less awful than anyone in Paris.

Eric, Pat Caddel, Doug Shoen said tonight for Trump to talk MORE about Paris to the People and have a strategy would win for him!

Paris attacks: At G20, Obama vows renewed effort to eliminate ISIS  via

A global outpouring for Paris attacks, but not so for Lebanon

At least 1 suicide bomber was reportedly barred from entering the Paris soccer stadium

Malaysia minister asks Muslims to condemn Paris attacks - Business Standard #muslims

Everywhere I look I keep seeing the 'support Paris' sentiments,  well I have one question.   Where are the

I wonder how many innocent people are gonna be bombed because of what happened in Paris.

maybe POTUS shouldn't have said ISIS was contained day before Paris? But we all know BO is an idiot so , you're correct.

Murders in #Paris and #Beirut: Mohamad Abdalla on why Muslims should not apologise

That was my point. How does debasing lives lost in Paris help Beirut victims?

Praying for all the innocent victims in the Paris terrorist attack

Securing our own countries at any cost is much more vital than trying to rid #Syria or the world of evil.  It's not possible. #Paris 2/2

Paris Terrorist Photoshop - Harmful News

What happened in Paris is been happening in Palestine EVERYDAY!!#ParisAttacks #savepalestine

viaThe Aftermath of the Paris Attacks Is a Time to Grieve, NOT to Fear Monger

honor victims of terrorist attack on Paris with moment of silence, but fan ruins it  -

#eNews #EndTimesNews Abbas condemns Paris attacks, but not Hebron shooting:   Via

MO Senator, Blunt Talks About Paris Attacks: JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (MissouriNet, Mike Lear) - The   #ParisAttacks

I can admit I don't like the Zieglers n that's cuss they don't speak on issues nothing what so ever. They didn't even send prayers to Paris

#FutureWorldNews Manhunt for Paris attacks suspects  Follow KevinFitts

NEWS UPDATE: PARIS MASSACRE.. FRANCE FIGHTER JETS BOMB ISIS

Asian markets drop in wake of Paris terror attacks: Markets in Asia are sliding in the aftermath   #Moneymatter

Pray for Paris? How about pray for my brother's and sisters that are gonna have to clean this bullshit up.

Hundreds escape in frenzy from dedication to Paris assaults

Safeco Field home of the honors the victims In #Paris on #ARZVSSEA #Prayers4Paris

DH: Asian stocks fall as Paris attacks sends economic worries

White House, Congress clash over Syrian refugees in wake of Paris attacks  via usatoday

One Paris attack will not be enough for America.  Too many useful idiots. #WakeUpAmerica #ParisAttacks

Morning All Day 2 - Yey - All Going according to Plan-  #Stay #Safe #Paris #News #Heroic #Tales #Incredible x x x

please wear black tomorrow to school to remember the lives lost from this horrible tragedy that occurred in Paris!

do your views change on letting 10,000 Syrian refugees in the country after knowing one of those refugees set off bombs in Paris yesterday?

Global Climate Change Conference Will Continue in Paris, Despite Wave of Attacks

Do you expect Paris terror attack to have a negative impact on influx of migrants into Europe?

#Paris - if you find the kids who thought it funny to light firecrackers there on Sunday, feel free to break their fucking arms. #Peace

I stand with you in support of Paris, of France  of freedom.

Cons media does ghoul dance ovr Paris atacks.Cons love 2 see body bags off loaded if they or kids don't have 2 fight

Our toughts are with all the people in Paris #PrayForParis

LIVE: Evening Mass at Notre-Dame Cathedral in remembrance of the victims  via #ParisAttacks #Paris

Pray not jst for Paris but also for humanity

Video: #SNL opens show with touching tribute to Paris

read Black Lives Mattr Activists #F*ckParis #Ferguson #FOH #GeneralMaddox #Hungary #ISIS #Missouri #PARIS #Syria

Latest: News, analysis on Paris attacks  #news #CNBC

Sorry Fags, I've been locked-up for awhile. Just heard about the Frogs getting blowed-up in Paris. OH WELL #ParisAttacks

For the same reason we are all so moved by #Paris

'We Are Lucky': A Bataclan Survivor Tells His Story: At first, Laurent Lafont-Bettesti thought the explosions Friday night at Paris'

Just put a song on the jukebox. . Throwing my arms around Paris by morrissey not a dry eye..

when paris have a disaster. people a lot of change their photos in social networking, then when Indonesia are in

* Sri Lankan leaders condemn Paris attacks, express solidarity with French people -  #GoogleAlerts

WORLD LANDMARKS LIGHT UP4 #PARIS #TERRORIST MASSACRE -NOTHING FROM AMERICA!  SCUM   #tcot #ccot #tgdn #pjnet

Is Maria going to Paris for the G20? U r up late working.

News: Officials name two more suicide bombers in Paris attacks - News3LV  #TrutherBot #Bot

#ModiMinistry France hits back, striking Islamic State in Syria after Paris carnage

great news paul giannamore of POTOMAC PEST IN DC IS, SAFEOK HE LIVES IN THE US. IN PARIS! I HEARD FROM  HIM, TODAYHEFAMILY ARE ALL WELL.

You're right. It's all sour grapes. Nothing to do with his lack of class in the wake of the Paris slaughter.

Syria talks in Vienna go forward, overshadowed by Paris attacks  via

Your comments on Paris, you really are a idiot!! Clearly your gun laws are working in the Big US of A!

We are in so much trouble when France leads OUR way-France launches air strikes in Syria; Paris investigation widens

Tributes continue pouring in at #Paris as the city mourns #ParisAttacks victims

#wsj Asian Markets Slide After Paris Attacks: The majority of economists polled by The Wall Street Journal exp

Sane World Mourns #Pariskillings. India's insane congress Party justifies IS Attack

Compare And Contrast: Reactions To Paris Attacks

what sad?so paris wasnt?france had to fightback,so they are expected to just take itdo nothing are they?

Maybe they want to rent lambos in Paris

The World Unites For Paris (International Business Times)

The Inconvenient Truth About the Paris Attacks  via #CCOT Not even Syrian Refugees.

vicenews: Here's a timeline of the events that led to the Paris attacks:

NewsOK - After Paris attacks, fugitive slipped through police dragnet

Eagles of Death MetalIn the aftermath of the devastating terror attacks in Paris on Friday, the

If a Paris attack happens here Obuma  Kerry ought to be arrested

Let's all head to #Paris in the  next 12 mos in show of solidarity

ParisAs the death toll climbed in the aftermath of the attacks in Paris, details of the attacks

it's not just about paris now, it's about the whole world #PrayForPeace #PrayForTheWorld

Guillermo Del Toro Shares Harrowing Kidnapping Tale In Wake Of #paris #france

Ralph  Russo Backstage | Paris Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2015/16 | FashionTV -

Powerful interfaith prayer vigil for peace and solidarity #Beirut #Syria #Baghdad #Paris

killing innocents in Paris.because I couldn't take it?.

If this quote is accurate, it's pretty despicable. Paris was not attacked because of Israel. cc:

dey r mourning 4 dose who died in paris wc achieved something in life, Lets also mour to the future of the children died in Siria

Robin Cook wrote this article after th 7 July 2005 London attacksEqually relevant to Paris attacks

Knicks pay tribute to victims of Paris terrorist attacks - Sports World Pauses After Paris Attacks

France's climate ambassador brings 'tough love' to Paris talks

X Factor reject Monica Michael makes 'bang bang' gesture after Paris terror attacks: Monica Michael has   (DMO)

Came to school to pay my respect to that student who was involved in that Paris Tragedy.

#Gift #FairTrade #US The Paris attacks suggest that the U.S. and its allies overestimated successes against Is

I added a video to a playlist  Paris Attacks Put Anti-IS Effort at Top of G-20 Agenda

So many indignations (myself included), so many twitterations - so many righteous arguments - so many, so many. Love you Paris

To all those using pray for paris to disturb me instead of using pray for Nigeria or pray for Borno GERRA RA HERE MENNNNN SHIT

DTN Philippines: Australian, New Zealand stocks fall after Paris attacks: The Australian and New Zealand stock

#Mizzou protestors angry dead in Paris stealing spotlight, R advocating US Police shootings! Proves their claims always were illegitimate.

Shocking news bout paris.r.i.p to all those who lost there lives x

French Hunt 'Dangerous' Suspect; New Raid in Belgium  #Paris

Iraqi intelligence warned of ISIS attack one day before #Paris |

The Meck Report: GOP field takes new shape after Paris attacks - PO

It will take attacks in America that make it clear Paris was a dress rehearsal. They are staging here now. #WakeUpAmerica

George Brandis says the worst thing we can do after Paris is alienate Islam.I disagree. The worst thing we can

#News Parisians honor terror victims: In the wake of deadly terror attacks in Paris, folks gathe  #TodoSobreTec

Great article on a Christian Response to the tragic events in Paris #PrayForParis

GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares, currencies slide after Paris attacks, data: * Crude oil futures edge up after wor

Paris attacks an 'act of war' | The London Free Press

Senior Iraqi intelligence officials issued warning before Paris attack: report

This takes a look at the evil that descended upon Paris.  #ISIS #Prayers4Paris #PrayForPeace

Alert issued 5 days before Paris attacks!

The use of the Paris attacks to rail against gun control is disgusting, to say the least

2. How does changing to flag color help the dead?3. Why did they post about Paris before the other places?4. Who is behind it?

Paris Is Just The Latest In A Horrific Series Of ISIS Atrocities: The day before Parisi

Paris Terror Attacks Should Be a Wake-Up Call for the U.S. -

Mkt Activity: Paris attacks seen causing short-term global markets drop   #finserv

Thanks We have the latest developments on APEC and Paris attacks.

Paris suicide bombers Bilal Hadfi and Brahim Abdeslam named after massacre

ever seen the pic of the same girl at every tragic event sandy hook,Boston and the latest Paris? The gov is behind it all

Azam Khan says #ParisAttacks were reaction of an action. What was he saying? Are these attacks justified?

Excellent analysis on terrorism/Paris with Judge Pirro.Thank you

oh I'm sorry, the 911 bombing, Dos Palmas,USS Cole,U.S. Embassy bombing, Kobar Towers,Paris Metro bombings all before Iraq

'I wish they could love us.' A refugee's plea as the attacks he fled followed him to Paris:

how is this known???  paris was taken by surprise

Trying to figure out who got hit harder, Paris or Rousey

How do you like Paris/France now wew

Facebook Repurposes Safety Check for Paris Attack: More than 4 million Facebook users sent a safety check noti

Here are some tweets from the fine students of MU regarding Paris, i.e. white people problems

Even celebs pray for paris, why can't we pray for syria too? Becuase they don't have a fucking Eiffel tower?

OUR COMMANDER IN WEAKNESS.Breaking: Obama Responds To Paris Attacks With Five Predictable Words

hey bro, I know your not in Paris but how is the family  friends ? Hope all is well.

at least most of us arent a islamophobic and blame islam for everything that happened in paris.

Official memorial service at Notre Dame: As the international manhunt for possible conspirators in the Paris m

Did he remember to use the f***paris hashtag?

Vigil honors California student slain in Paris attacks: More than 1,000 people overflowed a ballroom at Califo

Iraqi intelligence warned of ISIS assault before Paris attack file November 15, 2015, 11:23 PM (IDT)

Two employees were killed in the Paris attack --- #Prayers4Paris #PrayForPeace #ParisAttacks #UMG

Knicks News NY Knicks' Seraphin pays tribute to Paris with stellar performance (AFP): New York   Knicks Tickets

ChardGel RealJourneyBegin#ShowtimeCongratsXBGensan Let us Pray for the world not just Paris.

Straightforward video to educate everyone about why there are terrorist attacks on Paris friday the 13th.

#ParisAttacks I wrote this, about the other Paris massacre in 1961, and France's difficult past and present.

Via Paris Attacks Cloud Conversation At Summit Of World Powers

Here's Why Facebook's Support Of Paris Offended Black People  via

Life as a Syrian refugee in Paris, Newsday - BBC World Service

Terror attacks on Paris - Letters - Irish Times -- 01:12

shows how much Paris cares about the innocent Muslims that are dying.

Hahaha that perfect fits to all those who are showing their sympathy to Paris by changing dp.

#France strikes major ISIS targets in Syria in retaliation for Paris attacks #jobs #500K #: #PARIS: French war

Eagles Of Death Metal merch seller the first Briton confirmed dead in Paris  43

If what happened in Paris on 14/11 serves better to bring humanity together thn wht will happen on 29/11, hate hs registered a win ovr love.

well said sir. Can't we all just get along? Pouring out love to Paris as well.

ISIL audio claiming responsibility for Paris attacks sounds like it could be Canadian, experts say - 24News.ca

DAY BEFORE ISIS BOMBING PARIS THE NIGGER HUSSEIN SAID ISIS WAS CONTAINED--- THAT'S NIGGER INTELLIGENCE FOR YOU--- CONTAINED IN DEAD CONCERT!

Markets News: Finance news you need to know: UNITED States airlines are operating flights to Paris, but the te

Hey tell ur group that Paris is more important then ur little protest. PPL died and u guys are just pissed off. #growup

Pray For Paris - Paris Attacks - Nopember 2015:  via

How an Egyptian visiting Paris was mistakenly IDed as a suspect in terror attacks.

al mubarak news France carries out 'massive' bombing in ISIS city following Paris Attacks

I liked a video from  Christian Addresses ISIS / Islam after Terrorist Attacks in Paris,

Saturday Night Live Honors Paris In Touching Moment Before Show  via

WHAT HAPPENED IN PARIS YESTERDAY, HAPPENS IN PALESTINE EVERY DAY !!!

moments of silence + tributes to the victims of Paris team decision or decision? How do they decide which victims get honored? #Beirut

Paris attacks: Time to put a stop to misinterpretation of the holy text  by GChintamani

attack act of war?-of course it was-stop agonizing-we're at war!

Reports of ongoing anti-terror raids in Toulouse, Grenoble, Calais, Paris. Latest here  #ParisAttacks

Aaron Rodgers attacks 'prejudicial' comments during NFL's Paris tribute  VIA

I dunno if they COULD attack paris again, so soon after friday happened. Security is so high. But that's beside the point.

A fucking AK-47 used at the #Paris shootings?Makarov wouldve veen proud af

UConn investigates racial message left after Paris attacks #Connecticut

#RESPECT - Irish band U2 pay homage to attacks' victims near the #Bataclan concert hall. #PrayForParis #1blog4u

This is for you Paris!! Praying for you guys :(  Till The Storm Passes By

coming from Notre Dame at 10 last night. #Paris

Australian dollar lower after Paris attacks  #Sydney #News #Aus

Fok Paris We Praying for Orlando Pirates

Airline stocks hit after Paris attacks: Airline stocks across Asia-Pacific markets sell-o  -Business Spectator

Sensex falls over 100 points, Nifty slips below 7,750 tracking global markets selloff following Paris attacks

Americans pay respects to Paris terror victims: Marine Gazan came to the USA from the South of France to be a

A poem in honor of those affected by the Paris attacks of Nov 13

See if niggaz had been strapped,  dat Paris shyt wulda went way different

Dollar weakens in mid-122 yen range in Tokyo on Paris attacks

Teachers in Paris prepare to discuss the attacks with students

But pray for Paris though. Twenty bombs20..how many innocent lives were taken in this? I forgot,CNN will

How do you make a difference in the world where things like this don't happen. Not only in Paris but in Kenya, Nigeria, the Middle East etc.

Real estate news Vigil honors California student slain in Paris attacks: More than 1,000 people overflowed a b

(Wall Street) Paris Attacks Show U.S., Allies Misjudged Islamic State: The Paris attacks suggest that the U.S.

Baracka Hussein Obama praises Allah for attacks in Paris by releasing 5 GITMO terrorists. ARM YOURSELF. WE ARE ON OUR OWN #tcot

World News-France launches 'massive' airstrikes in wake of Paris attacks!

Britain to Boost Spy Agencies After Paris Attacks: Reports  via

London would be the next target for isis and people should stay indoors if you stay in London , Paris , New York or Washington

Authorities clear Paris' Republique plaza, which was filled with mourners, no reason given - AP

Muslims are muslims, terrorist is absolutely terrorist. Islam has nothing to do w/ ISIS nor with the attack in Paris. So stop blaming islam.

Please set alarm  join #Texas tomorrow at High Noon in prayer for #Paris. #ThinkBIGSundayWithMarsha Viva la France!

It would be too easy for ISIS to do as much damage as they did in Paris if they attacked on Black Friday due to crowds.

a Syrian Refugee slaughters people in Paris. Nuff said. How many Christians and Jews among those refugees? 0

Ideologically,  I are, let's say, not precisely aligned. That said, read his thoughtful piece re: Paris

If only the Paris-Syria warmongerers has seen the two Zygon chapters I hope the british government does, at least

So that Paris attack only mattered to the majority of Twitter when it was expected for everyone to feel bad? I see

Retweeted President Paul Biya Following terrorist attacks in Paris, I have declared my firm

New article: GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares, currencies slide after Paris attacks, data read more at here

ISBPL: #NEWS Gold rises on safe-haven bids after Paris attacks: Gold jumped 1 percent on Monday as investors s

ETH Gold rises on safe-haven bids after Paris attacks: Gold jumped 1 percent on Monday as investors sought saf

Paris attacks spark Asian stocks sell-off: Asian stocks were hit by a sell-off on Monday, with sentime  #stocks

FIRST CLASS NY TO PARIS = MY DREAM

i have such fucking admiration for everyone participating in nano in paris this monthgoodnight

Dear colleagues, In the run-up to the UNFCCC COP-21 at Paris, Bruce Bueno de Mesquita and myself have

E. F. Insurance Services is #hiring Outside Sales Representative - Insurance in Paris, TX  #jobs #Paris

Dear #Beirut: I don't know why or how I hadn't heard about your suffering as well. My thoughts are with you as much as with #Paris.

Obama brings Syrian refugees to US amid reports 1 Paris attacker came thru Europe's system  concerns of holes in US screen process

yeah this whole Paris thing is like so lame you know

Paris and all this and our #congress is silent as Obama brings in Syrian refugees.

Partially true, these guys/girls were home grown with dual citizenships. They knew Paris very very well.

Why Syrian refugee passport found attack scene must be treated w caution

#Paris problem is I am sorry it is not my business.

Ronda Rousey.Paris Bombings.Other bombings.  Bombs bombs bombs

Islamic scholars in Germany fear consequences from Paris | Germany |  | 16.11.2015 #ZOLW

The amount of people that died in Paris is nothing compared to the amount that die in Syria and Palestine daily why dont you pray for them?

You left off Parisians massacred by terrorists taking MSM attention away from #BlackLivesMatter matters #F***Paris

Let me be real with you. I'm a muslim, I dont want to revenge kill anyone. It is apalling  that people died in paris

#Agatha Paris starring #ParkShinHye cr: Teo Artist Agency

that ain't from Paris I saw that last year . Still sad tho

I didn't ask anyone to pray I also said all the places that were attacked not just Paris.

Sorry Paris, from Gaza Palestine, but this happen every day in Gaza Palestine, also in Syria. Human rights is dead? #Paris #Terorrism

In depth overview of our strategy vs Daesh  how Paris changed things. Coalition on the way?

Paris Has Echoes of Coordinated Attacks on Mumbai: Experts: In the land of soft targets, we live shadowe  #News

peaceful streets in Paris,English country Gardens,German Oktoberfest,Swedish midsummer.everyones heritage,don't bomb

On air now dissecting Paris attack, Syrian refugees and more. If you can handle

ISIS Claims Responsibility for 'Onslaught In Paris' Here is their possible statement JV TEAM?  via

Paris attackers can't speak for Muslims: Indian group  via

#France's Consul General to Hong Kong and Macau talks about #ParisAttacts #Paris  via

22-Year-Old Isobel Bowdery Offers Most Vivid Account Yet of Surviving Paris Massacre Worth reading !!!

Given the facts at this point in time what do u make of the Paris attacks?

what really is going on here I wonder?Why would he do that now after the massacre in Paris?

it's a film school in Paris, like 110k+ a year

I support Palestine. However no Jew, no Muslim or Christian etc. Should be ignored because they are not Paris. All lives mattr

Asian stocks fall as Paris attacks send economic worries  :Auto pickup by wikyou

So angry it's taken this long to attack #ISIS . USA  allies in EU  Mideast deserve so much blame for weakness.

PlayStation 4 implicated as comms tool in Paris terror attacks  via

My old roommate was found in hospital!!!  Been waiting since the Paris attacks to hear of her safety and I'm so happy!!!

Just as innocent - comparing Beirut and Paris link via

Live: #Sensex, #Nifty open lower as Asian stocks fall after Paris attacks

Bruh I didn't know Eagles of Death Metal was the group in concert during the Paris attacks..

Gold Rises on Safe-Haven Bids After Paris Attacks - NDTV

Sorry for the cruddy photo. The Paris of the Plains (KC) shows solidarity with the one in Europe.

So who was the biggest terrorist here,??   Who gave france the right to invade syria,?I really don't care if Paris was torn apart #JINGOISM

My sincere condolences to all who loss their loved once in paris attack, my friend sending you all prayers..

Listen to Bill Maher: On Paris, religion and race, Maher walks a fascinating and tricky line

French news anchor slams GOP politicians for using Paris attacks to demonize refugees -  via

Our night shift continues. Our posts are standing strong. We stand with Paris. #Paris #ParisAttacks #1000ManMarch

FREEMALAYSIATODAY: Time to look beyond the cause of the Paris attacks, says Art: Lawyer asks why it is so wron

Time to look beyond the cause of the Paris attacks, says Art: Lawyer asks why it is so wrong to ask the world

Britons Hid In Cellar To Escape Paris Massacre - Yahoo News UK  via

Bend it over for Paris makes more sense than #PrayforParis just saying

In honor of the Paris attacks, we will not be posting our video tomorrow. NEXT VIDEO: 11/23! #SnowDayBattle #PrayForParis

Inquiry Finds Mounting Proof of Syria Link to Paris Attacks. NYT

These days do nothingbut only do pray for paris#ParisAttacks

With #GarrissaAttack it was #Hotbedofterror with #ParisAttacks it's attack to humanity, why the discrimination I ask

Paris massacre is Bush's fault.Muslims were once just skittle-eating peaceniks.

John Oliver curses off Paris attackers: 'F*ck these assholes'

Psalm 35:9And my soul shall be #joyful in the Lord: it shall #rejoice in his #salvation #PrayForPeace#Beirut #Paris

Paris attacks: On the day after, less 'joie de vivre'

Facebook sets up safety check for #paris friends #news #market #business

yare In debate after Paris attack, Hillary Clinton earns the advantage on foreign  - Los Angeles Times  yare

In the event of Paris attack the world must realize the perpetrators of Mumbai attack are heroes of Pak army #ParisAttack #MumbaiAttacks

Might just revert to listening to cricket on the radio. As awful as the attacks in Paris were. It is getting to a point of being overkill

-this is what I thought when I heard about Paris:( the real thing that's happening

paris acting like a total isis rn by bombing syria, people need to wake up and see what is happening in the world  fucking help syria rn!!

I wonder how many innocent civilians are going to pay the price for the Paris attack.

Seeing top many news on paris attack..

Thanks, Chris, for your heartfelt speech about Paris. #cryingtearsforFrance

What I Know of Paris: The Roots of Arab Discontent and Reaping the Whirlwind  (TheWrap)

Paris massacre.  What happened in South Africa by Nelson Mandela to kill white Afrikaners in CHURCHESand

Palestinian Protesters Burn French Flags  Call for More Attacks via #ParisAttacks #StandWithIsrael

France launches air strikes in Syria; Paris investigation widens   Buy #cheapgames

France carries out raids over Paris attacks: Three held in counterterrorism operations in Cala  via

BREAKING: Plane evacuated over fears of SECOND TERROR ATTACK days after Paris slaughter -

and how about the innocent civilians in Paris?  Hit me, I'll hit you back,not gonna sing Kumbaya to you ! #TCOT

#Indilens #focus G20 Summit: Paris attacks take centrestage; PM Modi calls for united global action to combat t

Why Sickular leaders and media not making noise of the controversial statement of Shri Azam Khan, justifying Paris Killings?

While everyone prays for Paris  flog rising intolerance,Chennai is sinking  is pretty much marooned

So are we still praying for Paris or nah?

Paris+attacks:+these+are+the+victims+-+students,+parents,+newlyweds  via abcnews

Bono Places Flowers on Paris Attacks Victims Memorial, Spea  |

Take down this picture is a Canadian man wrongly id'd for Paris Attacks and he's not a cop.

Why did the Paris terrorists attack this street?

#Breaking Regional tensions, Paris attacks hang over APEC summit Read More :

nytimesworld: Paris attackers communicated with ISIS, officials say   #arrobin

Because not only Paris had a bloody weekend #prayfortheworld

Paris attacks update: French police launch anti-terror raids across France, 3 arrested in Toulouse

While ya'll busy praying for  #Paris, don't forget to  pray for the rain.

Facebook activates safety check-in for Paris attackers | Cebuano News Live

feel better Chris!!!! We need you well rested and better next week! Loved your ending sending love to Paris! #TheWalkingDead

HELLO EVERYONE PARIS I HOPE U WILL BE FINE  THE CITY OF LOVE SHALL FOREVER STAND #PARIS4LIFE IF U BELIVE FOLLOW ME AFTER READING. #DOUBELIVE

France's response to attacks on Paris.  #trueleadership #kickass #PrayForParis.. From tragedy breeds strength.

US Designs Behind the Paris AttacksCajoling the Europeans The Paris attacks and the downing of the Russian

And Azam Khan comment on Paris Attacks too !!

moving tribute to #Paris will bring you to tears:

How will markets react to Paris attacks? Adan markets are all in the red this morning.

#forexnews The Euro fell in early Asian trade as a reaction to the Paris terrorist attack on Friday nig  #forex

yes but the whole word only see the Paris massacre But no see the Syrian massacre for many years and MOST people die

After #Paris attacks, fugitive slips through #police dragnet - Nov 16 AM ET

I'm all about the right. I'm not about taking Syrian rufugees tho. Look what happened to Paris when they let it happen.

Ted Cruz exploits Paris attacks in speech to #ChristianTaliban anti-LGBT conference

Apparently the West is to blame for the massacres in Paris according to Australia's Grand Mufti.

In wake of Paris attack, local #Muslim scholarship winners remind us of #Edmonton's strength:  #Canada

I and my coworkers strongly denounce the terror attack in Paris and in Turkey.We endorse fully the views expressed by our P.M.

Not just Paris, the world, as this will continue to happen, we need to pray for salvation and revival of this world

I liked a video from  ISIS Terrorist Attacks in Paris. The Weekly Report. Nov 15th

paris attack is combine efforts of ISIS and ISRAEL #israelterrorist

We re socked to learn the Paris incidence.Attack on humanity is increasing day by day.

Paris attacks: Terrorists bank on right wing backlash, security clampdown, and more War to add to their recruitment.

There has been an insane amount of helicopters flying over my house since the paris attack

big thank you from Paris for your support and for your thoughts. thank you so much.

#ParisAttack Attack likely to dominate G20 Summit in Turkey, Are we losing the war against terrorism?  keep the conversation going

lucky you! I hope to visit Paris one day.

Tech companies step in to help after Paris attacks  # via HuffPostBiz

If any of you are serious about wanting to help the people in Paris, here's a few ways you can do it. Prayer

If you think Western interference causes Paris types attacks you don't understand the concepts of Dar-Ul-Islam vs Dar-Ul-Harb

I-35W Bridge lit in French national colors in support of Paris Saturday and Sunday night #Jour3101GG

Haven assets gain after Paris attacks

Asian markets drop in wake of Paris terror attacks: Markets in Asia were sliding Monday, looking ah  #Investing

The demon of Death, a letter from Paris  ALIENS NEWS - PARANORMAL #death #demon #from

Global markets brace for short-term hit after Paris attacks: Experts say markets may fall but sh  #ParisAttacks

Why hasn't this Azam written to UN abt Paris outrage- ask him

News Update: Obama under pressure to intensify fight against Islamic State after Paris attacks - Los Angeles Ti

still thinking of you, paris. can't believe that just a few weeks ago i stayed mins away from where all of this happened. i miss you so.

I hope win this. For PARIS, FOR ALL OVER EUROPE, FOR EVERYONE! WE WILL NOT STOP TILL WE BEAT THEIR ASSES! for our future.

[TTB]7 Suspects With Links To Paris Terror Attacks Arre

'This Is Not Islam': #NotInMyName Campaign Revived After Paris Attacks  via

#ParisAttacks the bands eagles of death metals manager was killed in the paris attacs 2.

My teacher hops right into Paris WHAT ABOUT ALL THE OTHER PLACES WHTH BOMBINGS WHY DONT WHITE PEOPLE CARE

Following Paris attacks, US increased security at NFL games this Sunday

PLZ WEAR BLACK TOMORROW TO REMEMBER ALL OF WHOM WE LOST IN PARIS THESE LAST FEW DAYS!

From NPR: Paris Attacks Cloud Conversation At Summit Of World Powers

I added a video to a playlist  To Paris, From Pakistan #PrayForParis

almost of the movie premieres in paris are cancelled

Facebook defends activating Safety Check amid the Paris terror attacks and not sooner:

Our thoughts are with everyone in Paris during this very difficult time.

While you keep your prayers going for the lives lost in Paris..

Why not #Prayforthemuslims at the middle east? Why Paris?/France?

I TAKE FRENCHI only took it because we go to Paris lAMOOOOOOO

Stay strong Paris! We all stand by your side. #prayforparis

Jenny Boissinot who discovered her sister was killed in Paris attacks to return home: A F   via

Bates College student recounts attack outside Paris soccer stadium: For Emilia Calderon and her American frien

Iraq warned of attacks before Paris assault - Times of India: LivemintIraq warned of attacks before Paris assa

[CNBC] Investors scramble into safe havens after Paris attacks

Killing Civiliance in #Paris is terrorism.But what about killing civilans in #Syria #PrayForSyria #ParisAttacks

Wearing black merch td in Paris. To honor the victims, their families n those out there 4 whom music's everything. #JeSuisParis

WestBusiness: Paris terror attacks weigh on investor sentiment with ASX closing lower.

: France counter attacks in just 3 days.India still begging for Hafiz Saeed after 9years.#ShameOnIndianPoliticians  #ParisAttacks

Mumbai shows solidarity with Paris  via

Sad it took #Russia and #Paris attacks for #US #France to -only now- decide to strike #IS and 'jihadi john' decisively. #Syria

Police hunt for Paris attacks suspect: French police Sunday released a photograph of a suspect in the Paris attacks, naming him as 26

Nahid to fly for Paris on Monday evening

should have said it even before the Paris attack

2 Works For You -  Suspect on the run after Paris attacks.

#Paris attacks likely to prompt West into geopolitical shift  via

#minutedesilence in solidarity with paris, japan, beirut, lebanon and the world

'We will not die here' - How Brit survivor's girlfriend remained defiant during Paris attack

Charity #wine auction #HospicesdeBeaune share goes to #Paris attack victims   - #ParisAttacks

Trip To Paris connections accept Japan Cup invitation: Trip To Paris is one of four European-trained horses to

Minute of silence to be held at 12:00 CET at Sorbonne University in memory of the victims of Paris attacks. Live coverage here on CNBC.

not to forget these band of boyz met few months back for a Photoup in #Paris peace march after the Charlie Hebdo attack

Anti-terror raids reported in 3 French cities. 3 people arrested in Toulouse, unrelated to Paris attacks.

What happened in Paris is a detrimental tragedy, but the fact that the Kenya attack didn't receive half as much coverage

Wowlargest protest against Muslim invasion in Poland where they won't take any refugees despite EU  #tcot #Paris

yup, I'm Muslim and I'm sad for Paris

#ParisAttacks : streets in central #paris blocked or very quiet 07:00 Monday morning.

I visited Paris two months ago. Never been to the other places. I do feel grief about many things in the world.

#fashion Paris attacks: Anti-terror raids at dawn across France as hunt continues for ISIS suspect

Global impact of Paris attacks revealed as victims named -  #GoogleAlerts

(1) What happened in Paris on November 13 has happened before, in a shopping district of Beirut on November 12,

Anlora feat Dj Project - Hard On You (A Paris) (Radio Edit): #PlayingNow on  -

Better yet, Homeland's opening title card  about Paris was super classy!

Paris attack: Hacktivist Anonymous declares war vs. ISIS

#Asianshares, currencies slide after #Paris attacks, dataLink -

French President Hollande says ISIS is responsible for Paris attacks that killed 127.  via slate

Paris attacks spur calls for heightened security, New Yorkers leave remembrances at memorial at..

MASSIVE MANHUNT   French citizen involved in Paris terror attacks being hunted by off

People in US protest againt CNN using Paris as excuse for racism and war: Protesters gathered in front   #Video

Thnx4 all that interact w/me!Please click below  read JoeV blog about Paris.#DontGiveInToFear!  Good Day2U!

Do you Expect Pres Obama to Call ISIS-Islamic Terrorists any time soon after what took place in Paris, France  Beirut Lebanon?

I just hope the Paris attack weren't just a diversion for an even bigger disaster

Following the #Paris attacks it's worth thinking about what we say to someone grieving  what they might hear  #grief

[OPINION] Paris attack is Europe's security nightmare  writes Peter Apps #ParisAttacks

I heard about France's attack on ISIC today. Please be safe and sound, Hawkdaddy, ML staff and all of Paris..

Paris the pain was 14/11 in Syria the same horror is 24*7 #PrayForSyria

LMPE Inflation data key to week ahead: Market sentiment may also take a hit in view of terror attacks in Paris

European #Stocks Seen Lower After Paris Attacks  #forex

Among the more sensible pieces on the aftermath of the Paris massacre:

Hollywood will have a movie about Paris in 6 months full of glitz and blitz

if you are commuting, listen to moving podcast on Paris now  being in Stade de France on Fri

u were right: Paris attacks: anti-terrorism raids across France as hunt for Salah Abdeslam  #Zionists

Scary thought but London mayor Boris Johnson says irresponsible to rule out Paris style attack in London

Northern Ports need extra security, incomingfunding boosted after Paris attacks

Hi I'm from #victoriaLIVE would you be willing to speak to us about Bataclan attack? rachel.fursma

am praying for paris..god bless all of you.

Well, maybe. Perhaps it's not such a good time to ask ppl who have family  friends living and working in Paris why they care more

Paris atrocity set to send Europe sharply lower | CMC Markets UK  #forex #euro #DAX #CAC40

Can't make this up. No-go zones in Paris are called CUCS(Contrat Urbain de Cohesion Sociale).cc

One Direction pays tribute to Paris attack victims at concert: London, Nov 16 : Members of the British boyband

Killing Civiliance in #Paris iz terrorism.But what about killing civilans in #Syria #PrayForSyria #ParisAttacks

Safe haven assets gain after Paris attacks

After the Paris Attacks, the French Media didn't share or publish any of photo of bodies or the injured.

US bombing IS bomb on a missile to write slogans: From Paris with Love - Sunning View

Breaking News!!: Paris, France: International manhunt 8th person in terrorist attacks.  #ParisFrance

Cassidy, the climate talks in Paris ALL FRENCH OR DIE

Political author Gearoid O Colmain discusses the Paris attacks with //t.co/qzq2CVGFWb

Dollar weakens in mid-122 yen range in Tokyo on Paris attacks - Nikkei Asian Review

Today, hundreds of people in Paris queued for hours to donate blood.Faith in humanity restored

Retweeted Business News Paris attacks seen causing short-term global markets drop

#black and white Popular on 500px : Pray for Paris by Adhemar_Duro

After deadly Paris attacks, fugitive slipped through police questioning - and is - Toronto Sun #paris

let me go home.in paris and rome;)

I always thought you were in Germany. I would've prayed for Paris if I had known you were in France

now that will make Life much safer? #WTF? An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind #stopwars #Paris

Compliance key to reducing effects of #climatechange, #ECEC2015 hears ahead of #COP21 in #Paris

The last Grand Master of the Knights Templar was Jacques de Molay, burned at the stake in Paris in 1314 by order

France in wild hunt for 8th Paris terror suspect, Salah Abdeslam.

People were quick to blame the Syrian refugees for the Paris attacks and it turns out 6 of the 7 attackers were French or Belgian.

#SyrianRefugees we cannot allow any in unless they are fully screened. It only takes one to cause death and destruction just like in Paris.

ISIS are the one who Terrorist Paris.

Can't believe how many racist people came out and started talking on social media after what happened in Paris. Colour is not the answer.

I won't pray for Paris even if someone pulls out a gun and point on my forehead with it..

#Paris, France. November 14, 2015. A scene nearby the #Bataclan Arts Center the day after the terror attacks. For

Video: Christian Man Gives His Opinion On The Attacks In Paris amp; Black Lives Matter! (cont)

#Paris Attacks planned and conducted from Syrian Territory - French PM. #ParisAttacks #Syria

#Trump making an ass of himself once again. #Paris definitely does not need these kinds of statements.

True love will find a way out!Brave Brit lay on top of girlfriend to save her from ISIS gunmen at Paris horror

#France Launches Airstrikes On #ISIS In #Syria Days After Horrific #Paris Attacks

Cameron: Paris proved extremists will kill as many people as possible. #g20turkey #parisattacks

Paris attacks: England fans urged to sing French national anthem before friendly

Madonna Cries Onstage During Tribute to Paris Victims

Our thoughts are with our French clients and suppliers after the attacks on Paris over the weekend..

Yall fucking me up. These Paris filters make everyone look like the same person on Facebook smfh.

iWiLL not b a part of tweetinG about Paris attack was decided last year protest,fuck U fuck ya'LL #PalestinianLivesMatter

Why Even the Thinking Left Owns Paris: In October last year, on his HBO show Real Time, Bill Mahe  #Tcot #pjnet

Paris Attacks: Police Launch Manhunt for Salah Abdeslam and Accomplices - Independent.mk

#Well Good work America an CIA the last night in Paris just to bring French Government to the death well of Syria against Russia

In other news Burundi is also burning, a masacre worse than that of Paris has been going on. A genocide to be

National mourning day in Bosnia and Herzegovina over victims in Paris

GOP candidates link Paris attacks to immigrationTrump, Cruz and others say their rhetoric..

John Oliver Tackles Paris Attacks with 'Moment of Premium Cable Profanity'

2 big things happened this wknd: soul-shaking Paris/Beirut ISIS attacks and attending Wellesley NY event with inspiring panelists  alums.

Start of a new week and ready for visits! Respect and prayers for people in Paris, ready to observe the silence at 11.00. ST

Paris Backlash: Fear of more devils in refugees' sad tide - NY Daily News

Worthing High students and staff will be observing one minute silence today following the tragic events in Paris this weekend.

#Paris attacks are #international disaster , BUT are they As big as Daily disasters in the #middle_east ??! #peace

Paris attacks: rocket launcher seized and five arrested in Lyon, according to French media

Facebook Defends Using Safety Check After #Paris Attacks

dont stop doing your Vine, we need in paris to think about something else

Is Posting Support for Paris on Facebook Narcissistic, or Heartfelt?: We were in Paris, but we were more than a mile from the attacks

Stay safe both Paris and Syria just stop this shit already

Hashtags, candles and James Taylor - how the West will respond to Paris

Live to Paris with Europe correspondent for the latest on the feeling in the French capital.

[Video - CNN] Paris attacks dominate start of G20 summit

Extra police patrols in Devon and Cornwall to reassure communities following Paris attacks. More

things that are very gross: using religious imagery in the reporting of rhe aftermath of the paris attacks

#Boris says no military option should be ruled out for fighting #IslamicState. Says he can't rule out a #Paris style attack in London

A Palestinian man lights a candle at a rally in solidarity with the victims of Paris  Lebanon attacks

(Cbc) : Republicans strengthen resolve against admitting Syrian refugees: The deadly Paris attacks have intens

Paris attacks update: what we knot so far

#News Thousands pray for Paris terror victims at Notre Dame cathedral: Parisians of all ages attended t  #World

True/false?Russia Warns Friday The 13th Paris Massacre Is Masonic Power Play For World War III -  via

DTN Japan: $A falls as traders digest Paris attacks: The Australian dollar has edged lower amid fears global i

#Anonymous Has Declared War on ISIS in Revenge for the Paris Attacks

Retweeted Peter Sutherland We must not permit the abomination of Paris interfere with our

China stocks reverse early losses as anxiety about Paris te  |

Weapons stolen from Army Reserve center in Massachusetts  #Paris #France #News

#LoMasActual X Factor's Monica Michael makes 'bang bang' gesture after Paris terror attacks: Monica Michael ha

Why are we acting blind here?? shud very fast issue Travell Advisories to Paris.. its not safe for our people

I went to Paris with the clothes I stood up in, a small camera and my iPhone. Please share this report

I honestly believe that the Paris Attacks are false and that the NWO is about to start

Anti-terror raids launched across France after Paris attacks

We strongly condemn terrorist attacks in #Paris. Our thoughts and prayers are with the people of #France.

Rocket launcher seized, five arrested as French police continue raids following Paris terror attack

Germany back home after Paris terror attacks  #macmillen #magazine

Juncker: Paris attacker was a criminal, not a refugee - ITV News

David Torrance: Sturgeon hit right tone on Paris but public opinion is fragile (From Herald Scotland)

Japan: Trip To Paris accepts Japan Cup invitation

If you wake up this morning and think 'i hate Monday's' just think about all the people in Paris who would do anything to be at work today.

This week reflects on the events in Paris and echos what many of us are feeling.

Quite confused in Paris. Never seen statements as strong as e.g. here. With respect and fear.

#NTVNewsUpdate: France launches air strikes on ISIS de-facto capital following the Paris Attack

Paris Shootings Less Important Than Death Of Philthy Phil:  via

#Bataclan attackers: 'Nothing stood out' about #ParisAttacks' #OmarIsmailMostefai; his 2 accomplices still unknown |

After 8.30, listen to stories of Northern Irish ex-pats now living in Paris.

Solidarity with #Paris from the people and businesses of my street, Twickenham today.

I won't be taking part in the 2 minutes silence today, if we are having one for Paris we should have one for every victim of ISIS

After Paris, perhaps Turkey lost its influence around the NATO table?

Madonna cries during stirring speech honoring victims of the Paris attacks

I will, thanks.doubtless an update at work on a marketing event in Paris due to attend in two weeks.

The Federal government in Washington City has rejected Christ and welcomed Mohammed. #Paris #ISIS #Syria #Refugees

News: Paris attacks bring Syrian conflict into Europe: O'Sullivan, like other senior European Union off  #syria

Ban on public gatherings to hit protest plans at #COP21 in Paris

DTN Thailand: Asia markets down after Paris attacks: HONG KONG - Asian stock markets tumbled and the euro lost

Beirut, Baghdad, Paris and selective grief - Not that the Paris attacks are any less awful.

That's our guest after 0800 on Paris councillor

#Beirut has returned to being the #Paris of the Middle East. How the meaning of a phrase can change so quickly. #ParisAttacks #BeirutAttacks

India's suferings were underestimated til now. Paris blast exposed2 world d gravity of crime by Terorist, sponserers

Excellent advice. My 2 centimes. Buy a ticket. Read 's book.+ my Paris list;

Immigration, air strikes, oil? Here's what caused the Paris attacks, according to some 'experts' via

IEA Underscores Progress Of Renewables  Importance Of Paris Climate Conference #renewables #energy

#EcoMarxist Nuts Claim ISIS Paris Terrorism Linked to Global Warming Denial

#France launches air strikes in #Syria; Paris investigation widens  via

French jets bomb ISIS targets in Raqqa as Paris attack probe expands across Europe  via the Android app

Back reviewing the papers on soon with The outrage in Paris fuelling debate on many fronts

#ParisAttacks Paris attack is the big failure of us foreign policy

Coventry blitz and Paris killings;  Chairman of Coventry Muslim Forum addresses City leadersIn response to the

I don't understand how the world was shook by the Paris attack, but thinks it's OK for France to retaliate with 20 bombs on Syria?

If a Paris type attack occurred in the us. Plus with their police the way they are. A couple of brown guys wouldn't stand a chance.

French media reports police have identified a fourth attacker as 'Samy' from Bobigny who is believed to have attacked the Bataclan theatre

The Paris Attacks: Understanding France, Terror, ISIS, and More.. Related Articles:

[infowars]  The Inconvenient Truth About the Paris Attacks  #nwo

How #Europe has become more vulnerable to #terrorist attacks. #Paris #ISIS

Listen to me now! Paris Hilton has signed a deal setting out terms for a faulty deep fat fryer!

French authorities released the photo of one Paris massacre attackers  via Manyore Post

#RadioFreeEurope G20 Leaders Vow To Take Action Against Terror After Paris Attacks: World leaders ha  #Russland

TODAY: Webinar to launch #DataViz on #ClimateChange Mitigation. 15-16h30 Paris time register

Paris terror attacks: Military moves against IS offer little hope of quick victory  (News) #brisbane #qld

the fool went to Paris wen he knows El Classico is around the corner. Very unserious

#France knew attacks were being prepared and more are still being prepared, not just in France but also in Europe: PM Valls #ParisAttacks

mash::: How a Canadian Sikh was photoshopped to look like a Paris attacker

French police have made 150 raids since the Paris attacks Business Insider:  The threat is bigger  organized.

Can you play A Paris by Riff Cohen?  Lovely, joyful song about Paris by French/Israeli/Arabic musicians.

BREAKING: report a 4th suicide attacker identified as Sami, 28 (no family name yet) at Bataclan. Linked to overnight raids in Bobigny

China stocks weaker by mid-session close on Paris attacks, margin trade tightening Hong Kong stocks  #Chinese247

Bolton shows united front of solidarity following Paris attacks: THE people of Bolton have shown an outpouring

American colleges in Paris reach out to students in wake of terrorist attacks: A senior at California State Un

Paris clothing shop sign graphic reversed and ready for image transfer.  Just print to desired size

France carries out raids over Paris attacks: Ammunition seized and at least nine arrested in over 150 raids ca

Paris attacks: Anonymous declares war on Isil  | Telegraph

Passport was not on Almuhamed's body - rather it was 'lying nearby, as if meant to be found'#ParisAttacks #paris

Paris attacks: French Prime Minister Manuel Valls warns more attacks 'being planned' in Europe #Business

Paris terror attacks: Latest developments in suicide bombings in France - Metro

Beautiful Paris remains in our thoughts and heart as we start a new week.

TODAY'S POLL: After the terrible events in Paris, do you think Ireland could be hit by an ISIS attack?

Next hears friends pay tribute to Paris victim Nick Alexander from Colchester

Obama urges Russia to join renewed effort to eliminate Islamic State  via Reuters #Paris

#ParisAttacks: Another video demonstrating the panic sparked yesterday in Paris by a false alarm of some sort.

#INAVEM supports all victims of the attacks in Paris #E1WE

This summarises everything about the Paris attacks (and every such event now)

#terror flags and expressions Of sympathy 'When is terrorism not terrorism?' #paris #parisattacks

we do I agree  lets hope they cancel the climate con meeting in paris i heard they have

#sport England football scout Alan Cork reveals horror at being caught up in Paris attacks  #fks#superfans#wild

Egyptian Pyramid Honors Victims of Attacks in Paris, Beirut and Sinai Plane Crash  #news

i am baffeled world is all tears for Paris..all eyes were dry when 600 school girls kidnapped bu Bokoharam, 1000s killed, no tears, why?

Event there is similarity in both d attacks, targets of #ParisAttack v/s #MumbaiAttack is something like #SoftTarget v/s #StrategicTarget

What if it wasn't even ISIS that attacked Paris???? There are huge conspiracies at play here. The world is full of evil people #PrayForSyria

Minute's silence to be held at 11am today as Oxford pays respects to Paris victims

Confirmed terrorists came from refugees in Paris, France  #muslimezealots

Paris terrorist at centre of manhunt was stopped and released  -  #news #tech #football

The girls of #BringBackOurGirls are still missing. We have bigger problems in our own backyard but y'all outchea praying for Paris.

Paris attack: which events have been cancelled adn which are going ahead?

Join us  observe the #oneminutesilence for victims of the Paris terrorist attacks #respect #ParisAttacks

Paris attacks: ISIS gunmen even butchered people in WHEELCHAIRS

#FOREX $EUR: Paris attacks: euro plunges to six-month low as investors flock to safety

Paris: A Few Political Points to be Made - War, Immigration, Islam, etc  #ParisAttacks

CLASS: Leonardo Morosini dedicates his brilliant solo goal for Brescia to the victims of the Paris attacks.

via +++ Live-Ticker: Paris und der Terror +++  #UFO4UBlogDeutsch

+++ Live-Ticker: Paris und der Terror +++

ISIS made a big mistake by attacking Paris, France. France and the West is going in big time. Watch out ISIS. Piece of shit.

One minute's silence at noon for victims of Paris attacks -

Solidarity with #Paris means also solidarity with all human race against terror #ParisAttacks #WeAreParis

Iraq Warned of Imminent ISIS Attack One Day Before Paris Massacre - Breitbart News

I dunno, maybe because this stuff happens in Beirut all the time, and not in Paris?  Just a guess

Citizens of 24 nationalities were direct victims of terrorist attack in #Paris.

Anonymous Declares War On ISIS After Paris Attacks: After the Islamic State (ISIS) claimed responsibility for

Facebook explains why it enabled Safety Check for Paris but not other recent  - The Verge

Expat with Kids in Paris: On our way

Due 2 tragic events in Paris the tour promoter decided 2 postpone upcoming tour until further notice!

INTERESTING HOW THE FRENCH  AIR FORCE SUDDENLY KNOW WHERE TO BOMB IN SYRIA? WHY NOT BEFORE PARIS ATTACK?

In response to the events in Paris on Friday evening the school will observe a one minute silence at 11.00am today.

There's apparently a one minute silence for Paris today. Ironic as there's been an eternity of silence over terrorist attacks outside EU.

#Alert #Reuters Olympics-Paris attacks have no bearing on 2024 bid - IOC chief  via

Hundreds gather at Federation Square in vigil for Paris attack victims -   via

Hacker News - Paris attacks: The Economist readers' comments

BBC News - Paris attacks: Returning Northern Ireland passengers tell of fear in city

Changing a picture to French flag doesn't seem to show support for #Paris anymore Others see it as a trend rather than a solidarity move.

Today at JCU: a Discussion of Terrorist Attacks in Paris and Beirut

will be observing 1 minute silence in memory of the victims of the attacks in Paris at 11am today. #Paris

Paris thoughts  concern ++Sat 14th  Rainy Slow Peaceful Walk London parks rivers trees 5 walks more

Paris media ignoring Israeli solidarity events  via

How should the UK respond to the Paris attacks? Join the #BigDebate with from 9

Paris attacks. We all look for some expression of meaning or connectedness in shared symbols. What else to do?

What happened in paris is a everyday life in syria,kenya,nigeria,Afghanistan.

BREAKING: French prosecutors identify 2 more #Paris attackers; 1 was from Syria, other had previously been charged with 'terrorist' offense

After something like happened in Paris, you realise straight away who are actually educated and who aren't, fucking retards everywhere

'A different Tone'  Responding to Paris: How a different PM changed the tone  via abcthedrum #auspol #extremism

We are Muslims and we condemn all kind of terrorism whether it occur in Paris or in Iraq, Libya, and in Syria.

we condemned the killing of innocent else for us france and ISIS are two side of a coin #syria #ParisAttacks #paris

The Paris Attacks Have Put Europes Refugee Crisis Under Renewed Scrutiny

PM Visits French Embassy, Conveys Condolences over Paris Attacks: [Politics] : Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn on

We are sad about paris but why no one think about syria and Palestine although They kill every day !! where is your humaneness?

Yeah. It's amazing the commotion and expressions of support from muslims around the world towards #Paris isn't? It's almost touching.

#French Police Carry Out Raid in Paris Suburb Related to Attacks #jobs #500K #: #French police investigating t

Azam's Remarks on Paris Attack Spark Row, BJP Demands Action |  | Outlook Wires

At noon #Gibraltar will observe a 2 minute silence in memory of the victims of the Paris attacks. Part of a Europe-wide show of solidarity

The Latest: Prosecutors Say 2 More Attackers Identified - The Latest: Paris prosecutor's office says 2 more att

My article in the - 'Stop Blaming Refugees for Attacks Like Those in Paris'

#Comics JoT 2216: When the music dies: We'll always have Paris.

Whatever have been done at paris is not the symbol of humanity.Is candle enough for this event?

Local cafe sends love to Paris attack victims via #SideBySideWeStandWithFrance #ParisAttacks

The Paris Attacks Were Planned in Syria, Says French Prime Minister Manuel Valls Via #Tashify.com from TIME

Why #Husain was fida on #Paris, a city that lives and inspires.#ParisAttacks

John Oliver - Paris terror attack

Firecrackers and fear trigger scenes of panic in #Paris, AsiaOne World News  #ZippedNews

Haven't been on FBK all weekend. Now everybody has changed their profile pictures. Am I inconsiderate to not change mine to Paris? #ohlawd

The exemplified genius of Frank Gehry #paris Louis Vuitton

I'm not saying the Paris Attacks did not happen but listen to this guys statement to CNN, claiming CNN were

Paris attacks: Brisbane's vigil of solidarity with French people  #Sydney #News

Hello Monday today it's a new day #paris

JOURNALIST SPEAKS THE TRUTH ABOUT PARIS ATTACK,  MUCH MORE  #Syria #Paris #NATO

Council honours victims of Paris terror attacks: As a sign of respect to the 129 people killed in a series of

Horrific events over the weekend which undoubtedly affect us all. Our thoughts go out to all involved in Paris  beyond

Terrorist attacks in Paris = innocent people killed and airstrikes in Syria = innocent people killed. It's the same.

French Media Name Suspected Paris Attack Mastermind: Abdelhamid Abaaoud:

Paris attacker 'could be on way to Italy' #ParisAttacks

Paris Attacks: Travel And Holiday Stocks Hit - The Eiffel Tower

Paris attacks: Live updates as France arrests five and seizes rocket launcher while hunt for ISIS suspect continues

All my love to Paris and the rest of the world! #Paris #PreyForFrance #LoveWins #WorldKindness #peace #FranceAttacks

#ParisAttacks: 5th attacker identified as 25-year-old suicide bomber

Paris Attacks Are West's Interventions 'Coming Back To Haunt Us,' Says Ken Livingstone: The Paris terror attac

#BREAKING: Paris terror attacks mastermind also linked to thwarted train/church attacks, according to French official.

Habitual reaction to Paris Attack Momentary Stock market futures are pointing down after the horrific terrorist

#World: US-China rivalry, deadly Paris attacks to grab attention from trade at Manila summit  via

Should the snooper's charter be rushed through in the wake of Paris? I voted NO! poll! Have your say:

Living in Pitiless Times: Baghdad, Beirut and Paris - CounterPunch

#Serbia flies flags at half-mast over #Paris terror attacks

First Twitter! Pray for Paris and wish a gook luck to my GRE learning!

Grief Interrupted in Paris  via nytimes

//t.co/yQzB74QuhI View of Paris, 1886. Van Gogh  .Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam.PeaceforParis PeaceforAll

#FutureWorldNews Paris Terrorist Attacks Could Mark a Turning Point in the Republican Primary  Follow KevinFitts

Paris we loves you,you not alone, we are there for you in our minds

wrong in my opinion. I feel for those countries, and always have done as I'm muslim and human. But I identify more with Paris.

Just to let you know, we'll be observing a minute's silence at 11am today to honour the victims of the Paris attacks

'Quiz a Muslim' panellists demand establishment of Islamic State here as jihadis slaughter in Paris!

French Tricolour will fly at half-mast at the Buttercross as a mark of solidarity and respect with Paris. National two minute silence 11am

Alabama, Michigan governors refuse to relocate Syrian refugees after Paris attacks -  via

I know it's late but it's never late to remember people was very tragic on Friday in Paris and was very upseting to hear about it!

Paris attacks: Ludovic Boumbas died throwing himself in front of bullet to save woman's life

Paris attacker previously charged in terrorism case   Buy #cheapgames

France Identifies Belgian Abdelhamid Abaaoud as Paris Attack Organizer: AP  via

RT: :Two of the assailants killed during the Paris attacks have been identified, the Paris prosecutor said.

French police make three arrests linked to Paris attacks  via

If anyone's wondering this  is the band that was playing when the venue was attacked. #ParisAttacks #ParisShooting

Bernie Sanders blames Global Warming for Paris Attacks !

Belgian national, Abdelhamid Abaaoud, currently in Syria, suspected to have ordered Paris attacks - source investigation.

Reminder: Disneyland Paris parks closed today 16th and tomorrow 17th. Hotels and Disney Village are open as normal.

Mastermind of the attacks - Belgian Muslim, living in Syria

A minutes silence today should be for the lives lost across the world in the past few days not just paris, for all! #oneworld #onelife #love

why does no one speak up and show support to syria like what everyone did when the paris attack happened? #PrayForSyria

Two more Paris attackers have been identified - live updates

We'll have the latest on the Paris Terror Attack on Daybreak from 5-7 a.m.

From the #BreakingNewsCenter: We are tracking major updates in the Paris terror attack investigations this

Paris Terror Attacks: Hunt Is on for Accomplices  via nbcnews

There will be a minute of silence in my school at 12 bc of the terror attacks in Paris. I'm so proud of my school this is amazing.

A minutes silence will be observed in Pugin Hall this morning, at 11am, in memory of the victims of the Paris

Our whole school is gonna take a whol minute silence for Paris #PrayForParis #PrayForPeace #PrayForPlanetEarth

Surely the Paris attacks indicate need to formalise refugee arrivals in Europe rather than the current failed policy of informal acceptance?

French authorities ID 2 more Paris bombers  via

Waleed Aly hits out at ISIS over Paris attacks, calls them weak WALEED Aly has unleashed on Australia's

thank heavens for Media Watch - showing up reaction to the Paris attacks

#Parisattack AM developments: 2 more attackers IDd, French confirm accomplice let go at border

If youre having a minutes silence make sure it's Paris Syria Palestine Beirut South Korea and all other countries that suffered this weekend

There will be a minutes silence on both campuses at 11:00am in memory of those who lost their lives in the terrorist attacks in Paris

your NWMPG will be observing a minute silence at 11am in honour of the paris victims #prayforparis

At the Concertgebau last night, a minute's silence for Paris.

In honour of victims of Paris attacks we're flying the Tricolour at half mast  will be holding a 2 minute silence

business: How the markets have reacted so far to Paris attacks

New: French official names alleged mastermind of Paris attacks

It's almost time for the one minute's silence for the Paris victims.  We're joining our national and local colleagues to pay tribute.

World Peace! Click to Read World Peace Now-  #worldpeace #peace #harmony #Paris #love

Terrorist abuse of #TOR increasing after the recent attacks

7 Paris terror attacks foiled here in the last 6 months!: Prime Minister announces funding for 2,000 more spies

No one could imagine Paris today without it. But Gustave Eiffel only constructed this elegant, 320m-

I wish was in Paris. You silly cunt.

Canadian Sikh man photoshopped, wrongly labelled a terrorist in Paris aftermath:

I liked a video from  Maajid Nawaz On CNN - Islamic Radicalization Within The Paris

Lol how #qanda took six minutes to link the Paris terrorist attacks to the Abbott government :)

#France to go ahead w/ #COP21 in #Paris. It will be on climate  could become a huge global Peace Summit   #klimalog

At 11am today we would like you to join us in observing a minute's silence as a mark of respect to those affected by recent events in Paris.

Kuyt reflects on Paris attacks: I was at Disneyland, I had to tell my kids Mickey Mouse was sad: The Feyenoord attacker has revealed

#US-China rivalry, Paris attack in spotlight at Manila summit #jobs #500K #: MANILA, Philippines (AP) -- Tensi

Latest - Paris attacks: Who were the victims?  Via BBC

One Paris Attacker Entered Europe in Wave of Migrants, Officials Confirm - New York Times

Paris stands next to Beirut. We are one. 3 #PrayForBeirut #PrayForParis

Did Paris terrorists really use PlayStation 4 to plan attacks? -  via

Abdeslam Salah, main suspect in Paris terror attacks, reportedly arrested in Molenbeek near Brussels

if in PARIS we call masacre,once in a life time happened,what are we suppose to call here ?

At 11am everybody at Birmingham City will be observing a 1 minute silence in memory of those who tragically lost their lives in Paris. #BCFC

Belgian radio says the 8th Paris attacker Salah Abdeslam has been arrested in #Molenbeek. Could be reason for large ongoing raid

A reminder for all who want to pay their respect to #Paris that there is a minute silence at 11am

If I was a conspiracy theorist I would say that the Paris attacks were the green light for attacks on Syria.

Powerful stuff from on responses to Paris

A wave of coordinated attacks left 120 people dead in scenes of carnage in Paris on Friday, including scores massacred by attackers shoutin

Paris Attacks: French Official Names Belgian as Mastermind: Authorities say AA Abdelhamid Abaaoud c  #AXNAwards

FYI, there's a 1 minute silence for #Paris at 11am UK time (if you wanted to show your respects.) Not being well publicised.

#Hunger Games premiere scaled back in light of Paris attacks #jobs #500K #: #The Los Angeles premiere for The

#ProChoice #Abortion Paris attacks: Syrian football coach pictured in pro-Assad T-shirt as ci  #UniteBlue #Tcot

We are deeply saddened by Friday's events in Paris. If any students would like support or counselling please contact: counsellin

Donald Trumps of French gun laws are ludicrous although people in Paris were defenceless does it make it right in the future for everyone

Pittsburgh pays tribute to victims of terror attacks in Paris. has more ahead at 6 a.m.

There's a moment of silence for Paris at school at the moment

Thinking of those who lost their lives and were injured in Paris

Remember Zouheir too during the minute's silence, he saved hundreds of lives #ParisAttacks #Paris

Thoughts are with the families and friends affected by the events in #paris #ParisAttacks

GOP candidates call for U.S. to step up War on Terror in wake of #Paris attack:

Observing a 1 minute silence for those who lost their lives in Paris. #PrayForParis #UnitedWeAre

Impressive and touching to experience a busy airport like Copenhagen to go completely silent for one minute. #paris

Viendo EN DIRECTO en #Periscope: Moment's silence at French embassy in Dublin. #paris

Just done the minutes silence for the victims of the Paris attacks #PrayForParis #StayStrongParis

Minutes silence at Euston Continued to be quieter #respect #Paris #united

Thousands brave the Sydney rain to attend vigil for Paris terror attack victims       {dailymail}

From ABC News: Watch:  TechBytes: Wireless Carriers Provide Free Calls to Paris

So you mean innocent citizens who died in #ParisAttacks attacked islamic terrorists

The Latest: PM Cameron says 7 attacks foiled in UK  #AP

Paris attacker arrested in Belgium  via #PeaceNotWar |

Working on a story about the terrible events in #Paris this weekend. There's so much to say that it's difficult to know where to start

Eurocrats are in tragic denial about the Paris attacks   Schengen is collapsing

Watching LIVE on #Periscope: Minute of silence #prayerfkrparus I. paris with Euro. #euroscope #fb

holds a minute of silence for the terrorist attacks in Paris

people go french embassy observe silence for paris but then do nothing for syria. lol

What happened in Paris was a tragedy, agree wholeheartedly, but so many lives are lost that go by unheard of. We need to learn!

Paris attacks: It wouldn't have felt right to play in France says via#UlsterRugby   #SUFTUM

France has been bombing Syria for months  French President did not expect retaliation ????? #isis #paris

What Europe needs to do after Paris. Let's learn from Swiss history

cowardly Islamic Jiddah that committed massacre Paris disappear while liberal rational their actions  media pontificates sad

Watching the minute silence in Paris was heart breaking

Just found out that one of my friend's step-brother was shot in Paris This needs to end #PrionspourlaFrance #SilenceForParis #StopISIS

#Wearside landmark to be lit up to honour those killed in the Paris terror attacks:

no way. Play the game with all proceeds to Paris victim fund.

Political author Gearoid O Colmain discusses the Paris attacks with //t.co/9A1R7juwIM via

Our condolences to the families of the victims of the attack on #ParisSuch brutal acts of violence should be condemned by all#PrayForParis

Suspected mastermind of Paris terror attacks named as Abdelhamid Abaaoud

BREAKING: Officials identify man behind attacks in Paris.

8th terrorist who fled #Paris after attacks arrested in #Belgium

Minutes silence in the atrium, to pay respect for those who were lost in Paris. It was like someone pressed pause. #ParisAttacks

Paris terror attacks: France now faces fight against fear and

Temple of Poseidon at Sounio.  Athens  Paris For Dollars A Day -

He makes sense # Why  does NOT want to pray for Paris

Paris attacks: who is suspected ringleader Abdelhamid Abaaoud?  | Telegraph

What Paris did was equally as bad as the ISIS. Killing innocent children for revenge. How does that work?  #PrayForSyria

A girl's story of her experience during the Paris Terror Attacks is heartbreaking and brave #PrayForParis

France police raid homes, vow it's 'just the beginning': PARIS (Reuters) - Police raided homes of sus  #NGS Ltd

Our hearts are with all our colleagues in Paris #JeSuisParis

Paris attacks mastermind identified as Belgian Abdelhamid Abaaoud. STORY:  #7News

An amazing writer of the 19th century was Marie Corelli. I highly recommend her novel, Wormwood: A Drama of Paris.

Lord Mayor and Honorary French Consul spoke to French traders at the Christmas Market who are devastated about the attacks in Paris.

nytimes: Paris attacks: updates from France

Paris attacks: who is suspected ringleader Abdelhamid Abaaoud?: A 29-year-old Belgian now is   #TheArkOfTwitter

#Manhunt continues for Paris attack accomplices #jobs #500K #timelines: #People spend a moment mourning the de

Split in Irish Muslims over Paris attacks - IrishCentral -

Aydinkhan:  Azerbaijan Is an Oasis of Tolerance in the Middle East#ParisAttacks #Paris #Terrorism

Port pays its respect to the Paris tragedy on Friday with 1 minute silence and half mast tricolour flags

No religion teach us to kill we all are oneLets give tribute to all those who lost their lives in terror attack in Paris.

yall think no one cares about syria but it's nothing new compared to paris

We are at war: 2 lessons from the Paris massacre

Terror in Paris: What we know so far - CNN - CNN Terror in Paris: What we know so far CNN (CNN) When attackers

AP: The Latest on Paris attacks: France holds minute of silence to honor victims:

So much for initial reports that all attackers aged 15-18

With Paris. ver.2 (Blue White Red)

I really hope if schools do a respectful silence they do it for all the countries affected not just Paris.

After Paris: Time to come up with a real anti-ISIS strategy. Read more at

The most powerful thing I've seen on the subject. Such an important message. #TheProjectTV #Unity #Paris  via

Muslims should not have to apologise for what happened in Paris..

Love how thousands are showing their solidarity with #Paris with the brilliant scene from the film #Casablanca

It's brilliant flying the French flag over the Town Hall. A fantastic show of support for the people of Paris. Well Done SCC.

Deschamps to address press: France boss Didier Deschamps will speak about the Paris terror attacks for th  #SSN

Suspected 'mastermind' of Paris attacks identified as Belgian believed in Syria | Fox News

Paris attacks: Terror funding to be cut off, says Cameron -  via

This should be getting as much attention as paris #PrayForSyria

The Paris attackers were French nationals not refugees they lived in homes not in refugee camps they were raised in France

#news French Prime Minister Manuel Valls says the Paris attacks were planned in Syria

Post-effect of Paris attacks on oil prices - The recent terror attacks in France will be putting pressure to th

Al. The country supported the dead in Paris this not time to take about palastine cause at the moment it not important

BREAKING NEWS! Focus on passport in Paris highlights lack of migrant checks

president Obama and his administration are a bunch of idiots!  We lost an American in Paris and I have not heard Obama say anything about it

Stock futures inch up, reversing losses after Paris attacks  via

Supporting Paris on WNCN with WNCN Stefan Chase

Brussels denies capture of Paris attack suspect following raids

Paris attacks: British PM says #Terror funding to be cut off. #CFT #TerroristFinancing #TF

Thrilled  honored to be DJing in Paris tonight for UNESCO's 70th anniversary!!!!! #Mosaicofchange #UNESCO70 #PeaceForParis

The U.S finna go to war over this attack on Paris,  Mark my words, the election is comming up  republicans need people feeling patriotic

Turnbull said terrorism threat level in Australia remained at high, which meant an attack was likely

Minutes silence for victims of Paris attacks in Leeds lead by and Lord Mayor

Turkey warned France twice over key Paris terrorist suspect, official says

If I was in Paris and was allowed to give blood I would so instead I'm going to donate and do what I can to help #help4paris

Paris attacks: Brussels suburb becoming known as Europe's 'jihadi central' #Molenbeek.

Read my article on Paris terror attack

You'd think the Paris attack would be a get-out-of-jail card for the UK to deny refugees from coming here, trying to figure out what's up.

has more on #Paris, plus breaks down the #DemDebate at 7:15. Tune In Now!

Via Paris Attacks Live Updates: French Authorities Identify Mastermind    keeping the public informed

Official ID's suspected leader of Paris attacks  via

Absolutely GUTTED to cancel my Paris trip this week, I promise to come and visit soon!

Brother to one of the Paris terrorists. Considered armed  dangerous?

Suspected Paris attacks mastermind Abdelhamid Abaaoud: what we know -

Wembley pays it's respect to victims of the Paris terror attacks. Pic Graham Morris for the game cover

We're killing and being killed, it shouldn't make a difference which soil the killing is being done on, Paris or Syria, A Life is a life

We will be holding minute's silence at 11am as a mark of respect for Friday's events in Paris

LiveEntertainment Live: Paris gigs cancelled; Bruce Willis Broadway reviews - BBC News

US Futures are up slightly after Paris attacks. Oil and Gold still up overnight.  #tradelikeacowboy #stocks #trading

[NEWSDESK] UK: Ahmadiyya Muslim community in Woking condemns Paris terrorists attacks  Pls RT

Paris Photo forced to close 2015 show after terrorist attacks in France

Suicide Bomber Blocked From Entering Paris Stadium

All my my thoughts to the victims of Paris

Money News - U.S. markets looking resilient despite Paris attacks

Save Gaza, Save Paris, save bla bla bla blahmmmmm Just SAVE YOURSELF!!! because the trouble sometimes comes from yourselfhehehehe

Sorrow and solidarity with #Paris in winter sunshine outside today.

More bands have joined U2 in cancelling their concerts in the wake of the Paris attacks. Foo Fighter

Wow! The truth about Paris, terrorism  the NWO. Make this go viral. RT interviews Irish writer Gearoid O'Colemain

Paris explained to kids. BBC do this very well on Newsround. And the website's just as good.

Movie Mirchi :  Sonam Kapoor on the Paris Attacks: You cannot answer hate with hate, the only

GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks reverse losses as market impact from Paris attacks seen limited

I wish love, peace, blessings, and the Comfort and Care of GOD to the people of Paris, France!!!

Someone explain why a French gov is attacking ISIS facilities that we knew about and have not destroyed #ParisAttacks #ParisMassacre

Statement from Le Bataclan re Friday's Paris attacks

Mastermind behind the Paris attacks recruited his 13-year-old brother to join ISIS

On my way to Paris, will work there. I'm courious how does it look like there

Paris Attacks Deal Fresh Blow to Luxury as Outlook Dims - Bloomberg

The Family Of A Man Injured In The Paris Attacks Is Upset He Was Framed As A Suspect  via

The most important thing our societies can do in response is to refuse to give in to fear. #Paris

He posed as a REFUGEE to enter into Greece. #French attacker identified as being from #Paris   #ParisAttacks

John Oliver in sweary and brilliant rant against Paris terrorists

(Stars and Stripes) Belgian jihadi ID'd as mastermind of Paris attacks: Once a happy-go-lucky studen  #Military

#BAP #Yongguk said that he had been to many countries this year like India, Paris Pattaya with his friends But he went to Japan alone #BABY

Paris terrorist 'arrested in Belgium after fleeing building with his hands in  -  via

As usual, the president doesn't let a crisis go to waste -- Gitmo detainees released while Paris under attack:

Brave Michigan gov halts resettlement of dangerous Syrian refugees in state after #Paris attacks

Slowly. But the awakening IS happening. Damascene moment wanted. Perhaps #Paris is it? Fingers crossed.

If you recall, a Syrian refugee is a major player in the Paris attack. Care, but not carelessly.

Let's have songs for PARIS for today's show.

Once more for the ladies at the bar. Bird Droppings on the post-Paris wrath of the sheeple.

Amid Paris Attacks, 5 More Released from Gitmo - The DENISE SIMON EXPERIENCE Blog

Rt if you're sad about what happened to Paris #MTVStars 5 seconds of summer

So very tedious to have to keep seeing Donald Trump's opinion on everything from Paris to UFC in the media.

Our thoughts and prayers are with the people of Paris and the families of the victims. #Prayers4Paris

Shell is lobbying UN reps to block climate solutions in UN climate talks in Paris this year. Really???

He got time for that with what's happening to Paris? Doubt it.

WorkVisasRFI: FRANCE: Hollande to lay out plans after Paris attacks at joint parliamentary meeting

France police raid homes, vow it's 'just the beginning': Paris carnage, which killed 129 people, has led  #Arab

Two small explosions were heard during a major police action in Brussels amid manhunt for a Paris suspect.

CNN Entertainment: Eagles of Death Metal merch manager Nick Alexander killed in Paris: Nick Alexander, who wor

Genau mein Humor. It hurts by denying them of their eyelash extensions Yesterday was not bloodiest day in Paris since WWII.

Paris Attacks Could Bolster Congressional Efforts to Block U.S. Refugee Plan  Here we go  Fear

French police arrest 23 people in 168 raids after Paris terror attacks

Several Members Of The Music Industry Among Those Killed in Paris - All Access Music Group

On today - will be live from Paris, plus we will be talking Liberals promise.

ff Eagles of Death Metal merch manager Nick Alexander killed in Paris: Nick Alexander,  #fks

this is so horrible a lot of innocent people died #PrayForSyria please stop this those people had nothing to with what happened in Paris

#Turkish officials say notified counterparts in #France about Omar Ismail #Mostefai in 201415 but never heard back from Paris until now

#breakingnews WATCH: Madonna breaks down while paying tribute to Paris  via

I didn't know what to think about Paris until Chris Berman commented. thanks

SEE Video of How Pastor T.B Joshua Predicted The Terrorist Attack In Paris, France

ABC7: #BREAKINGNEWS Police operation underway in Belgium, key suspect in Paris attacks believed to be inside

Paris: Over 150 Police Raids Overnight   #GWOT

#News First Click: Paris, How to be human, and a preview of the week ahead: The world could use more Adele rig

After Paris: on the balance in Europe between open society and defence of citizens  via

WSJ: Paris Attacks Transform Debate on Migrant Crisis

Islamic State Attacks in Paris Must Galvanize World Leaders to Confront Jihadist Terrorism: Contact: Lindsay V

Pakistani Siasat: Report on France Bombards ISIS Stronghold In Syria As Retaliation To Paris Attacks:

To celebrate Paris Attacks Pentagon transfers 5 Gitmo detainees to United Arab Emirates

Amidst all the moaning and hysteria, lets remember that some things are bigger than football. #RemembranceDay #Paris

six million North Africans live in Paris; many of them were among those killed.

US states shun Syria refugees in wake of Paris attacks: Governor of the southern US state says  #pakistan #news

Food for thought: Paris attacks: Only 2 equally bad options for taking on ISIS #ParisAttacks

Super smart. Great Read. The Attacks in Paris Reveal the Strategic Limits of ISIS

so I said because Paris ain't the only place that's been having   terrorist attacks and I'll only do it if we respect them too

Even if Paris-style attacks are less likely to happen in the U.S., this seems overly sanguine.

Paris attacks: Abdelhamid Abaaoud identified as suspected mastermind

Paris Travel QA: Is it safe to travel? Are flights going ahead? Can I get a refund? via

yeah it's been a pretty traumatic few days in Paris

VIDEO: Woman Clings To Window Ledge As Terrorists Attack Le Bataclan

Today, 16/11/2015, David Cameron: Paris attacks 'could happen here'  Tougher on immigration/don't let the cunts in!!

So we are heartless bc we support an album? Bitch the fuck. I can pray for paris AND promote his album ffs

New article: Belgian national Abaaoud could be commander of Paris attacks- source read more at here

[CNBC] What the Paris attacks mean for the oil price

North-East joins Europe in falling silent for victims of Paris atrocities  #Durham

Paris attacks could be game-changer for France in fight against ISIS

At least five of the suspects in the Paris terror attacks were French nationals

Rich will your latest blog address the attacks in Paris and their potential effect on football?

I can't help but think if the UK is attacked like #ParisAttacks,anyone fighting back would be at risk of being shot by the Police.#victims

Are you a fool putting forth talking points containing #Isis while expanding reach to Egypt, Beirut, Paris  beyond.

#firstpost French ambassador says he is 'saddened' by Azam Khan's remark on Paris attacks

Murder Is Everywhere: Thoughts on Peace for Paris and Peace on Earth by

Our usual Monday legal segment on Happening Now, Fox New, is being preempted today due to the ongoing Paris

Intensive search for a surviving attacker and for the Paris terror mastermind. For more:

socio-political commentary : Can NATO Be Involved in Responding to Paris Attack

Guitarist pays tribute to Paris by performing Leonard Cohen's 'Hallelujah': There have been many tributes   #in

In support of my wife's family in Paris, Pic drawn by local Paris artist at wedding 2 years ago, captures me very well. Enjoy!!

I Won't Talk About Paris Or Terrorism With My Daughter,  This Is Why  via

#SilenceforParis Full turn-out from to honour the victims in #Paris #NousSommesUnis

Stocks reverse losses as market impact from Paris attacks seen limited  via

Our love  prayers go out to Paris. Stay strong.

And the people in Paris didn't deserve what they got either

The whole school was immaculate this morning as everyone took part in the minute's silence for Paris.

Paris Attacks: French Release of Natalie Portman's 'Jane Got a Gun' Postponed: The film had been sc  #AXNAwards

In Paris as they dont show any 2 the muslim ummah. Google Ummah and one body

Politicians still spinning after #Paris need to stop with the agendas  politics.  Time to DO SOMETHING #PrayersForParis

Wow! holding Rep. Michael McCaul's feet to the fire just now McCaul not acquitting himself very well IMHO. #Paris

People say why do people only care about Paris well we chose 2 live in free societies while u live sharia life. We relate to Paris more.

#FOREX BUSINESS Buffett not selling stocks as a result of Paris attacks: CNBC

Expatica: Key Paris suspect targeted in Brussels police raid: prosecutor

The Eagles Of Death Metal Top iTunes Rock Chart As Fans Fight The Paris Terror Attacks with Onli  #gunfail #nra

John Oliver Rips The Shit Out Of Paris Terrorists

Just want to say a big thank you to all at Aer Lingus, couldn't have been anymore accommodating re the awful experience in Paris.

DB Paris Attacks: French Release of Natalie Portman's 'Jane Got a Gun' Postponed

#Paris attacks: Only 2 equally bad options for taking on ISIS   #Cdnpoli #NLpoli

As Kurds celebrate liberation of Sinjar, mass Islamic State terror attacks in Paris

Is posting support for Paris on Facebook narcissistic, or heartfelt? - Maura Judkis  via

I wish the BBC and ITV would show the same coverage of the dreadful plight of the Palestinians as they are doing over in Paris.

Nottm Council House  Castle to be lit in Tricolor, 5.30pm Paris victims vigil  book of condolence

Paris attacks: Manhunt for Salah Abdeslam and accomplices | Salah Abdeslam

Geraldo used his situation with his daughter being in Paris for air time. Enough of Jerry Rivers.

We prayed for the rain instead of Paris. Allah answered. Jehovah answered.

US states shun Syria refugees in wake of Paris attacks: Governor of the southern US state says he would oppose any attempt to relocat

French Friday Sermon on Day of Paris Attacks: Our Children Can Become Rulers of France through Legal Means

#WorldNews Belgian government lacks control over neighborhood linked to Paris jihad attacks: Belgian gov  #TCOT

Flags flying at half-staff in Indiana to honor victims of Paris attacks:

Accidentally seen the 'if they had had guns' comment in relation to the Paris attacks on Twitter yesterday: I'm still angry.

I was listening to the radio on the way home this morning, and they were talking about 9/11 and Paris and I started to cry

I'm not sure why Paris happened, but I'm pretty sure it's not because there are TOO MANY civil liberties in Western Europe + USA. #LRT

When y'all #PrayForAfrica and #PrayForBlackAmerica, I'll Pray for Paris.

The state Duma will accept the statement in connection with the terrorist attacks in Paris #freenews

#Muslims Around World Rally Against Extremist Antics Of #IslamicState  #Paris #Beirut #Syria via

DTN Asia: Mumbai relives horror as world mourns with Paris: People in the Indian city of Mumbai relive painful

By that, I mean that many people visit Paris, have eaten in the restaurants and bars there. They feel that that could have been them.

Paris observes a minute of silence for victims of the 13 November attacks (pic Camera Press / EPA) #ParisAttacks

See How Many Foreigners Were Killed in Paris Terrorist Attack and Their Countries: Paris terrorist attackSever

JI wants to make Karachi into Istanbul and SS wants to make Lahore into Paris.why not the original Lahore and Karachi

PM Browne Condemns ISIS attacks in Paris, France

Al-Baghdadi ordered attack on anti-ISIS coalition, Iraq warned France 1 day before Paris carnage - RTnews

#USAfricaBF Hot: Mastermind of Paris Attacks Identified Amid a Night of Raids in France

John Oliver unleashes epic, profanity-laced rant on Paris attackers

They are setting the stage for a One world government and the Paris attack is a tool of deception

Morning ladies. It's been a tough weekend with the tragedy in Paris.

#paris: how are these latest ammunition reaching into hands of terrorists..is it possible that some peaceful Muslims play a role

When people give their prayers to Paris, let them live. Yes, other ppl are struggling but most recently it was Paris. THANK YOU.

Thanks. Feel free to ask any time. I believe I'm doing World Update today on Paris/encryption, etc.

Guitarist pays tribute to #Paris by performing Leonard Cohen's 'Hallelujah'  #viralvideos

join the grief of the families of the victims of terrorist attacks of 13/11/15 in Paris #prayforparis

Video: Louisiana lawmakers concerned about allowing Syrian refugees in the state following Paris terror attacks

Music for Monday: He Went To Paris - Jimmy Buffett

In the wake of the tragic Paris attacks over the weekend, do you feel safe as an Irish person? #IrelandTalks4FM

If only 0.0005% of rightful attention on Paris attacks was given to Ukraine army's slaughter of thousands in the Donbass.

#FuckParis You forgot 5. Terrorists- via that hashtag they're showing support for what those terrorists did in Paris

People dying everyday in numbers where we roam think I gaf bout Paris?

There is only one other word I know for terrorists. It's Cowards. You will never win. #Paris

The Paris attack was a false flag attack just like 9/11, smh these people think we stupid neh

Europe falls silent for Paris as Books of Condolence are opened in Cork by the Lord Mayor

Stylish Star Changed his DP in support of Paris

Why does so much of this situation in Paris remind me of 9-11? How the media/politicians are handling it, especially.

Political author Gearoid O Colmain discusses the Paris attacks with //t.co/RMR3tKIWNz

I can't say I'm surprised to see the critical mass of ignorance and FUD in the wake of the Paris attacks. Let's not forget abt Beirut too

#ISIS ordered attack on anti-ISIS coalition, Iraq warned France 1 day before #ParisAttacks

#23 in custody as manhunt continues for Paris attackers #jobs #500K #: A total of 23 people are in custody wit

After Paris attacks, IS threatens to strike Washington

World leaders pressed for response to Paris attacks via businessinsider

they only say it's for Paris so they get a good story line

Independent: Paris Terror Attacks - Is this the world's most wanted man?: Claims Belgian police have arrested

How to pray for Paris (and don't forget to pray for Lebanon).

already giving airtime to the utterly despicable defence of being 'disillusioned' for Paris attacks.Had to stop watching.

Obama Resists Pressure to Deploy Troops After Paris Attacks  via

Music fans rally around Eagles of Death Metal after Paris attacks:

No shift in anti-ISIS strategy, Obama says, despite Paris:

Despite Paris, Obama rejects calls for shift in ISIS fight (from #headofnation

Paris terror attacks should mean bolder thinking about security

I give you four faces of #Paris in 1914 - early autochromes from the Albert Kahn archive.

follow  frederick_x5 U2 will play canceled Paris gig: On the morning of July 7, 2005, Islamic extremists detonat  follow  frederick_x5

still shocked at what happened in paris, exactly what i'm studying at the moment in event/ crowd management

Don't worry #Paris Santa's coming to visit #ISIS and he got presents 4 Ya!

Number of U.S. states refusing to take in Syrian refugees after Paris attacks grows to 16

When I went to listen to the Symphonic Orchestra on Saturday, there was a change of program due to the situation in Paris

Always tell people where you are.  An American Missing in Paris? Family Searching for Austin Taylor  via

a lot of U.S. states are now rejecting Syrian refugees after the recent Paris attacks

Victims Of Bataclan Attack Identified  via

Paris Attacks Put Pressure On Germany To Tighten Its Refugee Policy: The Paris attacks increase pressure on Ge

Obama Perfectly Describes The Horror And Brutality Of Paris Terrorism By Calling It A 'Setback'

Home sweet home, going to spend the day feeling grateful and loving my family.Vive la France#Paris #cbr #AirbnbOpen

Refugees didn't plan those attacks, a Belgian born French national did

There is no safety if we aren't 100% honest-The Truth About The Paris Terrorist Attack  Thank You Stefan! #CCOT #TCOT

This is everyday since 9/11. Ppl just think that their prejudices are justified bc of Paris.

#Paris Ad Agencies Black Out Their Social Media Profile Pictures in Mourning  #marketing

#Paris attacks: Closed borders will not prevent terrorism. Don't blame refugees for fleeing ISIS  civil war.

Paris attacks: US states halt taking Syrian refugees - BBC News

#Paris #Olamide : Photo :: Tonto Dikeh Churchill Goes For Swim.

I liked a video  Paris Attack Youtube Censorship in Full Swing

So Africans in Brussels don't matter to you? Africans in Paris? No?

NYPD unveils 560 strong elite task force designed to combat a Paris-style terror attack as Mayor Bill de (cont)

I'm not trying to say what happened in Paris wasn't tragic, it was. I'm not saying we shouldn't acknowledge, we should. But see Beirut too

millenium stadium considers banning bags. After #Paris - what are the wider #security implications for us? #Wales 2235

So u can find a guy in Slovakia who raped a girl on crime watch but Paris bombers are still missing .. This world is fucked

A Man Describes What It Was Like To Survive The Paris Terror Attacks  via

The more that comes out about the actions of the French and Belgium Police forces befor and since Paris attack Are very worrying

Really great podcast [Dan Snow's HISTORY HIT] Paris Attacks: The History Behind The News =  via

the slaughtered, innocent victims in Paris may have considered that bloodbath somewhat more than a setback.

And perhaps the regime had itself pulled this dastardly act in Paris to malign the abominable IS?

True terrorism is attacking symbols. The attack on Paris was attacking a symbol of love for all; gay marriage est 2013. #ParisAttacks #love

Frenchwoman Explains Why She Didn't Use Facebook's Flag Filter After Paris Attacks

A Kansas native describes being caught in the middle of the terrorist attacks in Paris. I'll share her story, coming up at 5:00. #kwch12

Fearing Fear Itself.  Be vigilant, be cautious, but give into fear and they win. #paris

Parisians take to Twitter, Facebook in wake of attacks | #Paris

Obama: Paris Attacks a 'Setback' in Fight Against ISIS  via

So if another Paris attacker came by plane  sat next to you?  some compassion for 1000s of good people in need?

Paris Attacks Put Pressure On Germany To Tighten Its Refugee Policy: Copyright 2015 NPR. To see more, visit ht

Rob Lowe Tweet About Paris Attacks Gets Him In Trouble: Rob Lowe sends controversial tweet and drama ensues. T

The Eiffel Tower is today glowing in French colours to honour the Paris victims. #ParisAttacks #sun7

Powerful portraits from #Paris: honoring the victims in their own words

Swedish FM's remarks on Paris terror spark Israeli diplomatic protest

Was this a #MassMurder situtation, or an attack by an unrecognized state?  Feels more like mass-murder #paris

Vigil held for American college student killed in Paris - FoxTV United States News:  via

I wrote a thing about my time in Paris but nothing to do with what happened on Friday. Hope you enjoy.

ISIS suicide bomber who attacked Paris owned a BAR in Belgium

Our thoughts are with our colleagues and all of those in Paris. #PrayforParis

Do Paris terror attacks highlight a clash of civilisations?: Gideon RachmanFinancial TimesNovember 16, 2015Mu

Listen listen listen this guy is saying everything I've been thinking about Paris and ISIS.

L O L !If it's a Protest, tisnt France/Paris' prerogative to deny/approve it.For fuck sakes, some people, man

Wondering if/how to contact a former friend b/c I thought of them since we were together on 9/11  the Paris attack brought it up. Oof

Ironic that the same groups whining about a coffee cup are now telling BLM to look at Paris to see real oppression. You whined about cups!

The father of one Paris suicide bomber had gone to Syria to stop him  via

Paris Attacks Plotted by Belgian Who Fought for ISIS, French Officials Say  la une du New York Times

Why the Paris attacks have gotten more news coverage than other terrorist attacks   via

w anchoring from  in Paris tonight. Our coverage on today's developments begins at 5pm. #yyc

I guess the conference is still happening #sos110asu Paris Attack Will Not Halt Global Climate Talks

Their only achievement is to have successfully united all human beings against themselves. Otherwise, they are nothing. #NothingThem #Paris

5 Ways The Paris Attacks Could Hit Europe's Economy - Fortune

U.S. Stocks Rally as Energy Leads Rebound Amid Paris Aftermath  $SPX

The man behind the Paris attacks was a Belgian national. Belgium has become a seedbed of radicalism

Everything happening with Paris is scaring me

Events like #Paris will not weaken our resolve and our commitment to help those who are suffering #cdnpoli

think we expect this in Beirut, not Paris

Paris attacks: a change of ISIL strategy, or a rare success?  #middleeast

In an attempt to redeem themselves France ended up doing ISIS's dirty work and terrorize people who had NOTHING to do with Paris.

The Latest: UN Security Council minute of silence for Paris  via

Piers Morgan (kicked out of America) lifts high his muslim cross of defense: #ParisAttacks #tcot #ccot #paris #2a

I will travel to Paris now against fear  darkness ..

Londres, New York e Paris #MTVStars Fifth Harmony

In the wake of the weekend's horrible events in Paris, most people are quick to criticize and condemn other

In the News: Paris, Terrorism, and Christian Response  #StandWithParis #WeWelcomeRefugees

#security Anonymous declares war on Islamic State after Paris attacks: In a video posted to YouTube after last

Alvin Langdon Coburn, View from Notre Dame, Paris, ca. 1905. Toned gelatin silver print.Stephen Ellcock, Facebook

#France #Paris #PrayForParis you lose all of your credibility if you don't stand with Syria and Assad

TNT Postpones Paris-C  via #leagueofblogger |

Story NPR: After Paris Attacks, Encrypted Communication Is Back In Spotlight

API chief wants Paris #COP21 negotiators to follow 'U.S. model'  ($) #natgas

Le tour eiffel opens after the Paris attacks

Despite Slaughter in Paris, NBC News Skips Latest Guantanamo Bay Release

Please RETWEET. Best Business Plan for Business Owners. #paris #smallbusiness #entrepreneur #CharlieSheen #loveit

yes, speak of Paris, but do not forget to acknowledge the pain and tragedies occuring in Syria and Africa and other areas of the world

Stock markets shrug off Paris attacks: European and US stock markets remain resilient after the attacks in Par

USM holds moment of silence for #Paris attack #victims - Nov 16 PM ET

Mideast Marshall Plan And The Syrian Refugee Crisis: After Paris Terrorism, New Calls  |

Oh I get it 3 yr olds terrorized Paris. Dropped on your head much?

#SyrianRefugees one of the terrorist who attacked Paris came in as a refugee! Why would we let them in the U.S!

This was a great piece to read:  Terror Strikes in Paris  via

AFTER THE TERRORIST ATTACKS IN PARIS, YOU SAY THAT?! DIE, FAT!

As truly deplorable and tragic as the Paris attacks have been, it's amazing how it's largely united people instead of dividing them.

While Paris is grieving, Faggot Obama releases 5 terrorists from GITMO. #Gitmo #MuslimBrotherhood

They are so selfish. Now whining that the Paris attacks took them off the front page. It's all about me me me me

Join us tonight as we look at the crazy Republicans and their sickening reaction to the attacks in Paris!  #mixlr

Don't just pray for Paris pray for the whole world bc ww3 has started and its coming our way.

|REPLAY| My Issue with the pray for Paris movement! #katch #Periscope

One Day Before Paris, There Was a Massive Terrorist Attack the Media Ignored  This article is absolutely right!

#france #paris Paris Attacks Plotted by Belgian Who Fought for ISIS, French Officials Say - New York Times: Ne

(EgyptSource) Factbox: Egyptian Reactions to the Paris Attacks: Three coordinated teams of terrorists carried

The Paris terror attacks: How the weekend unfolded after Friday night

'I wondered how Aly would spin Paris massacre'

Griffin and Paris Earn 2015-16's First Warrior of the Month Honors

Death+toll+rises+from+Paris+attacks  via OneNewsNZ

Geraldo Rivera Reunites With His Daughter Simone After Paris Attack

As we look back on the events of the last few days, our hearts are with Paris and Beirut in the wake of terrible tragedy.

I added a video to a playlist  Pray For Paris [REUPLOADPLEASE]

#cia After Paris attacks, CIA director rekindles debate over surveillance | John O. Brennan denounces : Joh

did u ask him Y he wouldn't speculate on Paris attacks, but did with filmmaker/Benghazi??

The WORST thing you can do is to UNDERESTIMATE YOUR ENEMY !! The US STANDS WITH PARIS !!!

City flags to be flown at half-staff in wake of Paris attacks

Hugo Lloris reveals France will play England friendly in memory of Paris  -

UK hires more spies to fight ISIL in the wake of Paris attacks

Since the mastermind of the Paris terrorist attacks was reported as Belgian are we going to start banning the immigration of Belgians?

Amid Mourning, Life In Paris Goes On, via

really oh my god, i heard it was bc we got involved in the paris bombing and now we're on the hit list :((

French Right Uses Paris Attacks to Push Anti-Muslim Agenda | News | teleSUR English

WSJ: Paris Stadium Attacker Got to Europe Using Fake Syrian Passport  // Better source than Buzzfeed for these things

Well initial reports were that at least one of the assailants in Paris came from Syria, so I can understand it.

In Democratic debate, Paris attacks move candidates' focus to terrorism  - Press Herald |

Terrorist attacks, and the heroes who emerge, matter just as much when they happen in brown countries.  #ParisAttacks

Donald Trump has a vile, fascistic new proposal in the wake of the Paris attacks

The Unbelievable Sentence In Obama's Paris Statement NO ONE Noticed!

please don't say pray for Paris, Syria, etc., just because it's a trend; please actually pray. your actions reflect the intent of your heart

Watch:  How the Paris Terror Attacks Unfolded  |

US state first to BAN SYRIANS after Paris terror attacks spark fears of copycat massac

The best summary I've seen on why Paris attacks happened and what to do about it by

Great story on the Spartanburg teacher using art as an expression of emotions around Paris attack

Hundreds pay tribute to 23-year-old student Nahomi Gonzalez, who lost her life in #Paris, in Sunday memorial.

Nigel Farage reaction to the Islamic attacks in Paris

Paris and the Press Put Obama on the Defensive

Politics This Week 2016 Race Shifts After Paris:  via

OBs must be a nightmare, especially difficult, given circimstances in Paris.

Why is the media focused on how few people watched the Democratic debate? News Flash: Paris was on fire.

PNoy going to Paris for climate summit |

Paris attacks: Hollande to blitz Isis with Rafale and Super Etendard fighter jets  via #Parisattacks

Oil prices rise as tensions mount after Paris attacks| Reuters

Paris.  My favorite city in which I was fortunate enough to visit many times.  #JeSuisParisM4  #freedom

See black and white portraits of Paris in 1946

Let 100,000 #RefuJihadis in. Allow an attack. Then blame the gun. Just another Dem strategy. #2A #StopGunIgnorance

There have been a lot of tweets about this but it gave me serious goosebumps #Paris #LaMarseillaise

rrivaldo: Stock Prices of Weapons Manufacturers Soaring Since Paris Attack  #securityhacking #PARIS

CNN Anchors Press Muslim Guest on 'Responsibility' of Muslims in Wake of Paris Attack  VIDEO

Paris massacre will not change Wagga's refugee intake says  #Wagga to welcome 300 Syrian refugees

Hollywood reacts to Paris attack  via  #investing

Pictures show Bataclan concert before the attack

From Beirut,This Is Paris: In A World That Doesn't Care About Arab Lives   Not only Arab lives,Black lives,147 Kenya

After Paris Attacks, C.I.A. Director Rekindles Debate Over Surveillance (NY Times)

Brad what went on in Paris has nothing to do with refugees.They have been in camps for 3 yrs. Wake up,set the politics's aside.

FINANCIAL TERRORISTS: Paying Main Stream Media to spread fear  disinformation. #prayforparis,#parisattacks,#paris,#parisattack 5

Thoughts n prayers to all of Paris!!  Just more to all become ONE!!

*tweet something besides pray for Paris coz they aren't the only place that were attacked*

A poignant vigil in Nottingham to remember the fallen in recent terrorist attacks: Baghdad, Beirut and Paris.

Brands to back this ChristmasWhat does want now? I hate #HASH   fake Paris news

Also Newsnight just said Paris invented cafe culture but wait, wasn't that the Ottomans?

So far 5 people want to cut the police budget, despite Paris.

Paris terrorist fugitive 'blood brother' 'is arrested in Belgium (PHOTOS), see photos here~~

Cannot decide whether to fly to Paris in a month or not

Texans hold a moment of silence honoring the victims of the Paris terrorist attacks.

#ASKISSA What are your thoughts about what happened in Paris.

Read more on the Paris attack and the threat of ISIS worldwide:

Pray for Paris and fuck a goth bitch for A$AP Yams

And we were all correct again, Israel blamed for the Paris attack. We knew that was coming.

It happen today: Will the Paris Terrorist Attacks Hurt Major Airlines? - Motley Fool  What do you think?

Then why are you praising the Paris terrorists? You're either a complete moron or pro ISIS (Pardon the tautology)

CIA: Paris 'Not the Only Operation ISIS Has in the Pipeline'  via

The suspected mastermind behind the Paris attacks boasted about evading capture

Charity wine auction share to go to Paris attack victims -  2015 Corton Renardes Grand Cru auctioned for $400k

Growing number of states refuse 2 accept Syrian refugees in wake of Paris attacks  viaAdmire the courage

Thank you for saying 'no thanks' to Syrian refugees. 1 in a million is too much to chance Paris in Fla. #sayfie

if you'll come to paris (france) one day I'll buy you a llama, deal? #ASKISSA

having compassion for #refugees doesn't mean we can't criticize #immigration policy. #nonsequitur #Paris

ISIS wanted to strike beyond its 'caliphate' long before the Paris attacks: The terrorist attacks in Paris on

Paris attacks complicate an already-muddled European refugee policy

Memeorandum: The latest news and editorials about the Paris attacks

What similarities and differences do you draw between the ISIL attacks in Paris and Beirut? #BeirutAttacks #ParisAttacks

#TheProjectTV Paris attacks were centrally coordinated from IS in Syria, no more contain  negotiate, swift threat neutralisation now on!

Facebook broadens 'safety check' feature after Paris attacks

Terrorism in the Social Media Age: How the Paris Attacks Played Out on Facebook and Beyond

The Bataclan issues first statement since Friday's Paris attack

Social media lights up in grief and rage over Paris attacks - Computerworld: ComputerworldSocial media lights

#NDTV #LATEST #NEWS: Paris Attacker's Belgian Bar Shut by Drug Claims: One of the Paris attackers reportedly r

Paris will fight back and.. get stronger and stronger. #myheartgoesouttothem #ThoughtsWithParis

Refugees are one thing; terrorists like those who committed mass murder in Paris are another. Wise up.

I was going to Paris with some friends of mine this year and now their parents don't let them go ughhh

SENDING PRAYER TO PARIS.AND GOD BLESS THEM.

Make Art As If Our Lives Depend on It - In Memory of Paris and Beirut Victims 2015:  via

West Norwood sending our love to Paris #solidarite #community #westnorwoodfeast

Muslims Worldwide Thrilled With Paris Attacks. | PatriotsBillboard

France says #Paris was Planned in Brussels  Masterminded in Raqqa but I do not see anyone Black Balling All Belgium Citizens as Terrorists.

And by the way again let me say ' my heart felt prayers goes out 2 those over in paris .

JFK's famous  poignant words bear repetition ~ more so now than ever Prayers for #PARIS G'day!#TwittblasterQuotes

Not meant as disrespect/simply a case of more people knowing Paris, having visited/no less poignant

wholeheartedly regret what is happening in Paris , I send all my support and condolences ! please peace ! #ParisINpeace

it's the fact I'm going to Paris, I'm just shook Fam

Did you add Syrian refugees to the victims of the Paris attacks? Since you're blaming them despite any evidence

John Oliver unleashes rant over Paris attacks

And while Paris burned the take care of me crowd pouted because no one was paying attention to their whining.

I liked a video  Manhunt Continues for Escaped Paris Terrorist After Raid at Brussels Home

Suspected ringleader of Paris #attacks headed Belgian cell -

If his heart is with the people of Paris, he sure has a strange way of showing it.

#Algeria Europe anti-refugee rhetoric swells after Paris attacks: Several politicians call for borders to be s

All Paris Attackers Identified So Far Are European Nationals, According 2 Top EU Official  Those refugees Rick Scott?

Minister Grace Fu signs condolence book at French Embassy for victims of terrorist attacks in Paris, 16 Nov 2015

Scotland - Couple attacked by mob of around 15 (citing #ParisAttacks). If u recognise any of the thugs, report them.

WHY CNN IS DYING: PARIS BLOODBATH USED TO PUSH GUN CONTROL  via

Six Reasons to Welcome Syrian Refugees After Paris | By Dave Bier

Facebook expands Safety Check after Paris attacks - CNET: The social network responds to criticism a  #CNETNews

Some people jumping on Islamophobia bandwagon  exploiting Paris attacks. Very depressing,

Could have been worse if Hollande didn't act immediately after Paris attacks. Le Pen would have capitalised, dragging Europe

THE LATEST: Everything you need to know about the Paris attacks, including NYC response  #newyork #nyc

A peaceful march through Paris via a significant proportion of Muslims signifying solidarity with France would work.

Let's all take a moment to remember all the people who died in Paris a few days ago. Everyone it would mean a lot to me if u do#PrayForParis

Hearing many positive reviews of handling of the Paris attack.

100% totally agree w/you Paris is horrible. #CharlieSheen himself isn't relevant. What he did to others is.#BeTheChange

The NYPD is taking every step it can to secure the subway system following the Paris attacks

Quick thinking may have averted massacre at Paris stadium: The suicide bombers' explosive belts, packed with s

Could More Online Surveillance Have Stopped the Paris Attacks?: Encrypted phones and an

Dear Mr. Hungarian News Television would like to make a short interview with you. We are in Paris until Tuesday at 1400

#PrayForSyria Paris should've went after Isis not the whole place omg feel bad for Syria

EVENING NEWS: Essential stories you need to know tonight: 'From Paris to Charlie Sheen, here's what you need t

#NotInMyName: Muslims condemn attacks in Paris - CNN #AboutTime #WhereUBeen?!??

#AssociatedPress IS Fighter Vows To Target DC After Paris Attacks - Duur: 119 seconden.: IS Fight  #news #world

The Belgian suburb at the heart of the investigation into the Paris attacks

Today on Tipping Point: ISIS in Paris, Government Waste, Marijuana Laws, and the Democratic Debate:  via

Students from Berks, Lancaster counties were at Paris soccer game when attacks unfolded.

Top of the Ticket: Momentum builds among states to reject Syrian refugees after Paris attacks

#NigerianDailyNews Paris terror attacks: La Belle Equipe suvivor 'so traumatised she can't speak': Chloe  #news

Paris terror attacks: La Belle Equipe suvivor 'so traumatised she can't speak': Chloe Clement survived the att

Hardin Co. residents are paying tribute to the victims of ISIS a half a world away. #Paris remembered. See how on 12Newssetx

(Wall Street) Terror Ended Night of Revelry for Young Victims in Paris: The Paris attacks hit at the heart of

Family of ISIS terrorists in Paris blame their movements on 'stress'

Obama addresses Paris attack, war on ISIS at G20 summit #NoSyrianRefugees #justsayno

The Politics of Empathy and Grief: Comparing Loss in Paris and the Middle East/Africa

#Dumbass Anchors Want Muslims To Accept Responsibility For The Paris Attacks

This was tweeted November 11th. The attack happened November 13th

Hot Story: Meet the Alleged Mastermind of the Paris Terror Attacks  #time

Paris Attacks Hit Global Travel, Luxury Stocks Hard As Christmas Approaches: From tourism to luxury  by .Forbes

Of course.almost ALL of the News is about Paris.SIGH

#takepart #Paris attacks  Can you trust #ParticipantMedia when they seek your $, data Index eyeballs?

Listen to The #Sports Fix on - Talking Paris, ISIS  sports security; #Browns, #Cavs, #OSU #NFL  more -

why did thet attack paris? Seriously the french? What have they done to anyone in the past century?

Please remember that with recent events in Paris, it's nice to be important but it's important to be nice. Please share if you agree.

Degrading and Ultimately Dishonest: Obama Changes Nothing After Paris - Washington Free Beacon

Birmingham man recounts Paris terrorist attacks

Paris Attacks Hit Global Travel, Luxury Stocks Hard As Christmas Approaches - Forbes: ForbesParis Attacks Hit

'Belgian jihadist' suspected of planning Paris attacks identified [photos]

PARIS - Hard Truth Soldier (Redux)

a large portion of the people that orchestrated the Paris attacks were French. So (not trying to be rude, just passionate)

The men who attacked Paris:  interesting details but also clear that structural changes are required. In Europe

11 friends were gunned down as they celebrated a friend's 35th birthday in Paris

Unfollowed , who follows extremist hate mongers like this one. #Paris terrorists were EU citizens.

#Prayers4Paris After the terror in Paris, all are scared, especially kids. Learn why playtime heals. #PlayforParis

seriously #CNN stop with the freaking 24 hour paris broadcasting, or change your name to Terrorist Broadcast Network (TBN), you just glorify

This list is not new, but we wanted to share something of the spirit of cinema in Paris

Omg is it just me or can the guy in the paris manhunt, Salah Abdeslam totally be obamas son.

#ParisAttacks 'From Paris with Love' Emotive notes written on US missiles heading for ISIS

#News: John Oliver's support for Paris condemning ISIS proves a huge hit in France: The host of HBO's Last Wee

Can I get some eyes on this #ParisAttacks #Paris #NotInMyName

Will contain myself and not comment. PEGIDA holds first rally since Paris attacks.

as with most things, the ISIS/Paris/Terrorism debate is a multi-sided coin. Remember as you debate, most just yearn for peace.

What He says !!! John Oliver Paris Attacks  via

Shaken Germany team meets Netherlands after Paris terror - Houston Chronicle  #mls #region3

Paris. May all the souls rest in peace. #paris

ISIS is progeny of those in Washington, London and Paris who conspired to destroy Iraq, Syria and Libya.

00:30 HARDtalk: In light of the Paris attacks, HARDtalk speaks to retired US admiral James Stavridis.

After a long conf wknd in Chicago, great 2 B back in class w/my students.  Gr8 disc re: Paris.  Hist 240/429 - u r awesome!

Ppl freaking out because 2 refugees took part in terrorist attacks in Paris ignore the fact 75% of the 8 attackers weren't refugees #auspol

#JCMO Mayor and the city council held a moment of silence for those injured, killed in #Paris attacks

#Obama is clearly living in another Universe! He is so out of touch with reality it's pathological! #tcot #ccot #ParisAttacks #Paris

but i do so respect ncisla's decision to postpone airing defectors in light of whats happened in paris

Paris still supports slavery,look into it before u start siding up

32,658 people were killed by terrorism in 2014 compared to 18,111 in 2013: the largest increase ever recorded #Paris #ISIS #Syria

What ISIS is doing to poor yezidi women and poor Syrians is unimaginable. We should fight them 4 that, not just 4 Paris!

Latest News: Paris ISIS Attacks Shows Where Media Stands For Ratings -  #MovieTVTechGeeks

What do you see as the role of private corporations and the hurdles they pose for the #Paris #climatechange talk? #harvardclimate

To put it concisely: Because some guys from France and Belgium killed people in Paris, people don't want to take refugees from Syria.

NOTE: This is NOT saying anyone should turn away from Paris  via

CBS Dallas: Minute Of Silence Across Texas For Paris Victims  #dallas

Bcoz Arab blood is cheap unlike French blood, proven by the huge media coverage Paris gotBeirut  Syria are ignored

so interesting #vice We Asked Experts How France Will Respond to the Paris Terror Attacks

Extra:   One tweet for every victim of the Paris terror attacks

PARIS: #AbdeslamSalah , A Belgian is reportedly amongst the master minds of #ParisAttacks : Foreign Media

If you're and have been a 9/11 truth seeker--then here's your time! Look into the Paris Attacks. Let's expose the truth.

Bill Bratton on right now blaming Paris Attacks on private encryption. Really? #ParisAttacks 'turning a page' - Horsehockey!

While Republicans Are Blaming Obama For ISIS Attacking Paris, He Was Busy Killing ISIS Leaders | If You Only News

Going on 1210 WPHT in Philly in about 10 minutes to talk ISIS, Paris etc. Listen in:

Isol -- terrible to kill so many innocents in Paris -- the rest of you - terrible to put a blind eye to all the Arabs killed by ISOL.

#NotInMyName: Muslims condemn Paris attacks: As the terrorist attacks erupted in Paris, people thro  #lancaster

#Climate #Activists suggest Paris Terror attack linked to #ISIS-OPEC attempt to kill  #news #politics #IntelMM #OSINT

This fake passport worries me. As former Sp. Forces, can tell you NOBODY on a mission carries ID, not even dog tags

If 911, USS Cole, Paris, 93' trade center bombing, downing Russian jet, beheadings,burning alive? ThenU don't get it

May the rose of love bloom in Paris

Mixed Responses to Syrian Refugee Crisis After Paris Terrorist Attacks  #NUMBERSUSA #IMMIGRATION

Pentagon bans US troops from travel to Paris ~via The Hill

Following Paris Terror Attacks, Only Three Things Are Guaranteed: These three things are going to happen follo

he's needs to keep our borders closed, has this tragedy in Paris taught him nothing?

Mourners Observe Minute of Silence for Paris

#Obama says they'll be no strategy change against #ISIS after #Paris.#ClimateChange is much more important!

Er - you know about Paris, right? Which pricks? And it plays well to rednecks. Brad knows that. 20,000 likes on his FB page today.

Oil shares lead US stocks higher after Paris attacks - Malaysia Chronicle

#France halts army personnel reduction in wake of #Paris terror attack: Hollande

British band to go ahead with Paris concert amid string of cancellations:  #9News

Why Facebook's 'Safety Check' deployed in Paris - but not in Beirut, Garissa  - SBS  #facebook

I added a video to a playlist  Paris attack fallout continues with more than 160 police raids

Ontario Mosque Fire Believed Set In Response to Paris Attacks  via

#news CBS replaces episodes after Paris attacks, movie studios cancel premieres - Fox New  #newsrelease#hotnews

We will all have to I live for every single innocent human that is killed by disgusting pigs.. #foreverinourmemories # Paris #Lebanon

Come on France, attack Belgium.Oh you mean not all Belgians are guilty? But he's Belgian!

Jihadology Podcast: Emergency Pod: Background on The Paris Attacks | JIHADOLOGY

After Paris Attacks, a Darker Mood Toward Isla  via |

When Love To Come. After Paris Attacks, a Darker Mood Toward Islam Emerges in France: U

The Latest: Norway delays unarmed police after Paris attacks - WIS

Attn WG: Why not upsell? If thereR Goats available 2go with the bed, UshouldB able 2post UR no vacancy sign #Paris

Paris attacks: US states halt taking Syrian refugees -  Politicians love a 450,000 paycheck but not 3 yrs old refugee

DTN Singapore: Asia stocks gain after Wall St. takes Paris attacks in stride: Asian stocks gained early on Tue

Theyre probably arguing that God allowed the Paris attacks to go ahead as France tolerates homosexuals

In light of children's comics drawn to help them undrstd the Paris attacks, adults might need some to undrstd attacks in other places.

Being part of the Paris vigil in Melbourne was the most incredible moment #Prayers4Paris #melbourne #federationsquare #parisvigil

Listen to this idiot's,Russianvids:The Matrix Exposed,commentary of Paris Bombing.This guy is mental  #InMomsBasement

Paris Attacks False Flag: Jewish Owners sold Bataclan Theater JUST BEFORE ATTACK! - YouTube

John Oliver was FUCKING brilliant on the Paris attacks.  FUCKING BRILLLIANT.

People showing their support for Paris is great and all but it becomes a problem when they choose not to acknowledge France bombing Syria

I can't believe some people have the balls to try and use the Paris attacks to advertise their content. Disgusting.

Pregnant woman clings to ledge, pulled to safety during Paris attacks  #wftv

THE CONTRAST BETWEEN THE MASSACRE IN NIGERIA AND PARIS IS GLARING

The work goes on:  France to push on with UN Climate Conference despite Paris terror attacks

A new Islamic State video threatens a Paris-style attack on Washington  I hope ISIS rot in hell before the sun rises.

Malloy: Connecticut will continue to accept Syrian refugees in wake of Paris attacks

This evenings look at #whatsvictorupto from - Strength to Paris  #art #PeaceForParis

Don't miss coverage of Paris/ Syria

Thank you for such a powerful  respectful message to #Paris Saturday night.  via #SNL

The past 10 days I've been vlogging. Yes, vlogging. Don't laugh. I really didn't plan on sharing any but in light of recent news with Paris

News Update: Will Paris attacks prompt US boots on the ground in Syria? - Christian Science Monitor

how do yall stand in solidarity for paris but yet you refuse syrian refugees who are running from the same terrorist acts, on a daily basis?

The latest - 23 states rejecting #syrian refugees: Momentum builds to reject Syrian refugees after Paris attacks

#music #celebs Paris Attacks: Universal Music Group Executive  Eagles Of Death Metal Merchandise   RT if a fan

Paris Attacks: Universal Music Group Executive  Eagles Of Death Metal Merchandise Manager Among Th  #celebrity

All the people around me is paried for Paris

your type of thinking is why we end up in 911 or Paris situations.

TONIGHT: We follow the terror attacks on Paris with Sage and have reaction from lawmakers and advocates in New York

Candidates r politicizing terrible situation in Paris. Turning it into immigration and guns. But America is very different from EU.

A lovely tribute on my walk home #paris District of Columbia

pOINT IS no one else in the world (UH Japan earthquake also) received as much support as Paris

because a furry died in the Paris attacks, this is really really getting to me personally.  I'm kinda messed up.

Blaming the West for the Paris slaughter | Courier Mail Andrew Bolt Blog

Not out of choice, as well as the fact I refuse to say I care for the Paris attacks while brushing every other attack everyday under the rug

A Paris-Based Media Outlet Reacts to the Attacks

Asia stocks gain after Wall Street takes Paris attacks in stride: By Shinichi Saoshiro TOKYO (Reuters) - Asian

ego stop them realize from danger like paris attack

The Unbelievable Sentence In #Paris Attack Statement NO ONE Noticed!

These are the lives taken too soon In the #Paris terrorist attacks.

Leading Israeli rabbi: Paris attacks are payback for the Holocaust NO FEAR

me held world record for a concrete span until the CNIT building in Paris all be construed as excluding or limiting any implied license or o

Holds Moment of Silence for Victims of Paris Attacks  via

Niga Does Paris Matter More Than Beirut?  #thamacisbac

Obama Arrives Late for Moment of Silence Honoring Paris - Tea Party News

You figure the bad news out of Paris would provide perspective here.

Paris Attack 'Mastermind' Also Behind Train Attack Thwarted By Hero US Marines

#KCA #VoteJKT48ID CloydRivers: From Paris, with love. Fck ISIS. Merica.

Economic uncertainty, supply glut weigh on oil after #Paris attacks  #ZippedNews

I love this man's commentary!John Oliver - Paris terror attack

St. Pete family, students get out Paris alive

to follow up the nice moment to the Paris victims, they have dead druids come out for The Undertaken. I kid you not

MOSSAD-CIA-ISIS DRIVEN OUT OF SYRIA BY PUTIN SO MOSSAD-CIA ISIS BOMBS PARIS

#Abdelhamid #Abaaoud named as alleged #mastermind of Paris terror attacks

viste esto? Anonymous to ISIS: You are vermin, expect many cyberattacks after Paris

Not Changing Your Profile Pic? in support of Paris, You are Disgusting!- See more at:

What you can expect from politicians and corporate media in wake of #Paris attack.

What a story - Airbnb's CEO and 600 employees were in Paris during the attacks  via

Violence may not always be cool Paris 3 ~398

I guess like the rest of the media, forgot about the terrorist attacks in Beirut and Baghdad. #RAWGlad they did something for Paris.

8 people took down a whole city in Paris . Imagine 80 , 800 or 8000

Europe's intelligence agencies missed a series of key clues before Friday night's attacks in Paris that allowed

Great tribute for #Paris and now we have the #BrothersOfDestruction #SurvivorSeries #RAW

Will Paris attacks prompt US boots on the ground in Syria? - Christian Science Monitor

Obama is sticking to the strategy that gave us Paris

It's English class why are we talking about paris I hear enough on the news

I understand skipping an episode because of what happened in Paris but I feel like I'm missing a chunk of the story this episode. #Supergirl

no, just with Paris and Beirut I realized I need to pay more attention to world news and policy.

Husband Of Paris Attack Victim Sends Defiant Message To ISIS  #getsocial via huffingtonpost

Standing Tall with Paris Peace Nature's Home

but not as widely as Paris. Which I think is bc of the fear it instills in the Western world that it can happen to anyone.

Really upsets me that the Paris attacks are being linked to the refugee crisis. Fearing what this will mean for the refugees that need help.

Pouring fuel on passions around #refugees and #Muslims in #Europe was major goal of #ISIS attack- editorial

Paris Mourns  #CitizenJournalism via CNN iReport - Vetted

WOW! #Obama Lectures #Europeans to Accept More Migrants After Paris #ISIS Massacre  #news #politics #IntelMM #OSINT

Paris terror victims honored at 9/11 Memorial Site

#Paris Nov 17 02:00 Temperature 14C light rain Wind SW 22 km/h  Humidity 90% France ..

is there an image of the WH lighting up for paris or are we the only one not doing that?

#OperacaoBetaLab Stories of Those Who Died in the Paris Attacks: Stories of those who died in the Par  #RT #SDV

These terror attacks show why we need a real president. The time has come for Trump and Carson to withdraw. #tcot #tlot #paris

SpeedeNews: Vox Sentences: The world reacts, and overreacts, to Paris

Check out Eiffel Tower Soap, French Bridal Shower, Wedding Favor, 25, Paris Theme, Soap Party Favor, Baby Shower,

#CanadaOnline Roommates hold hands in subway in symbolic stand against Paris attacks: Three Montreal roommates

If Trudeau doesn't realize that #Paris has changed the situation somewhat, he is a robot following a script.

Niggah I'm buying that shit when we go paris

#GOP response to #Paris attacks Listen 6pm PT   #BlogTalkRadio

This French Guy Died To Protect A Womans Life In The Paris Attacks

Join us in Prayer for the people of Paris in our latest sermon

#Paris has caused some in the media to suddenly realize that the Emperor not only has no clothes, but is strutting around like a pigeon.

Better link: Only Jews Were Saved After France Ignores Russia-Israel Warning Of Paris Massacre

If vetting is 99% effective - 10K yields 100 terrorists = 12 times the force in Paris 99%? Doubtful

Finding the Links Between the Paris Attackers

isis picks DC next ALLour elected running scared but up till Paris they were gonna bring them all N kill/rape/ our families

Anyone who wants to blame for #Paris or #Beirut should first read this piece by  #fb

Candlelight vigil underway in Beaverton to remember those killed in Paris #KOIN6News

Stories of Those Who Died in the Paris Attacks - ABC News  #hvid #hiphop #rap

John Oliver Unleashes Profanity-Laced Rant on Paris Attackers: amp;quot;Fuck These

Also. Any organizations I can contribute to that are helping with aid efforts for #Paris ?

The way so many people are reacting to the tragedy in Paris by attacking refugees

Paris attacks: Brother dived to ground to avoid gunfire then got up to find family dead

#news Paris attacks: Brother dived to ground to avoid gunfire then got up to find family dead:  Khaled Saadi

Political author Gearoid O Colmain discusses the Paris attacks with //t.co/Aji0St8kHK via

via Paris attack survivor recounts shooting of his two sisters

#ParisAttacks is America capitalizing on the attacks to gain anti-muslim momentum? I think so

#NohemiGonzalez Memorial Poem - Poet laureate pens poem for CSULB student killed in Paris -  via

ISIS voice on audio linking group to Paris attacks may be Canadian.

Tomorrow at 4:30 pm in Kimmel: An #NYU vigil for the attacks on Baghdad, Beirut  Paris.

Stop giving them media attention!  They do not deserve it due to disrespect towards the Paris attack!  How dare them.

Salah Abdeslam,1 of 3 Paris terrorist brothers is still on the run. Family [who had to know what they are up to] are harboring a fugitive?

George Harrison-  Give Me Love  via #Paris #Beruit #everywhere

Pressure Grows for Global Effort Against Islamic State After Paris Attacks - Wall Street Journal  mAt global es-mx

Economists: Paris Attack Impact, Likely Short-Lived With Caveats

Aaron Rodgers Has Words for the Fan Who Ruined the Moment of Silence for Paris

#ISIS may have used PlayStations to plan #Parisattacks  #PlayStation #Xbox #encryption #Paris #terrorism #terrorists

this is bitter sweet. Beautiful sight but so sad for the reason. Love love love the City of Paris. She needs us. #VivelaParis

oh lol i thought he made comments abt the actual paris attacks i dont rlly care abt this

While yall asses worried bout if paris is real or not im trying 2 get this money 4 my fam  black that think like me

Our 2005 PJC National Championship Hoops Team was inducted into the Paris Jr. College Hall of Fame this past weekend

Artwork by some of my students to send light and love to Paris #ParisAttacks #PrayForParis

Despite vitriol, the traffic on Twitter after Paris attacks drives home vitality of free speech.

Take all that Paris shit down in baltimore. We already at war.

Paris, Trudeau won't reconsider: Anti-ISIS bombing  will end: Liberal's WANT US TO TURN TAIL, going to let others do our job in helping out

My dreams and aspirations are all within Paris, I never truly realized how much a city meant to me until this weekend. #ViveLaFrance

that Bernie Sanders is such a FP expert that he totes wants to discuss it in the debate day after Paris attack for like all of 3 min

A wonderful gift from Faith who shares my love for Paris and speaks French with me at recess.  #compassion  #love

We Love you Paris. No matter what!

Terrorist attacks that your intelligence services helped to orchestrate

#Paris shines brightly tonight #ParisAttacks #StandWithParis EarthCam fox32news GoodDayChicago

ICYMI: Is your child struggling to understand the Paris attacks?

Anonymous Declares War On ISIS After Paris   At least someone is. And having more of an effect than countries are.

Security Stepped Up in Cities Across the US After Paris Attacks: Cities across the U.S. have stepped up securi

As expected: After Paris Attacks, a Darker Mood Toward Islam Emerges in France

I don't understand how you all can believe this is Obama's fault. Paris was warned about this and they didn't follow up.

Anonymous Declares War On ISIS After Paris Attack  via YouTube

Feeling hate towards Muslims after Paris? Watch this. #ParisAttacks #paris

Luxury!!!! Brands show solidarity, outpouring of support following Paris attacks

So if Isis only said they were involved with the attack in Paris to big not then selves and get all this

brvbar; SoCal Band amp;#39;Eagles of Death Metalamp;#39; Played at Paris

Ahmad al-Mohammad, from Idlib in Syria has been named as one of the attackers involved in Friday's terror attacks in Paris.

French reporter to Obama: Isn't it time to change your ISIS strategy? - terrorist attacks #Paris

More than a dozen US states halt programmes to resettle Syrian refugees, after one of the Paris attackers is l

no mistake. Please show one example of ISIS attacks in any of those countries.

#J150umd and #J200umd  : On why the coverage of Beirut and Paris was so different, let me know if you agree:

I liked a video from  Rothbard Live: Was the Paris Attack a False-Flag?

Forgot nick carter and Paris Hilton dated

I don't think this really matters. What happened in Paris is fucking awful and it was so sudden. Not saying others arent important

let us pray to the whole world not just for paris:-(

Latest music news: Fifth Harmony on Paris Attacks: 'It's Just Really a Wake-Up Call to Humanity'

If only US had thousands dying on the ground in Syria this Paris attack could've been prevented

Appalled by right-wingnuts who politicize Paris tragedy 4 own wicked interests but also appalled by lefties who do same.

I guess it will take an attack like Paris for people to wake up sadly.

The Disneyland Paris playlist on MrThemeParkAudios is making me feel so much better

stand as one with the people of France and the world #Paris #H2P #PittNow

Come on #hackers, time for #ISIS to pay the bill on Paris. Virus's, worms, shutdowns, media destruction. Take em down.

Don't forget that 2 days before the Paris attacks, Beirut was also targeted, leaving 43 dead.

I'm not paying attention to this Paris Attack Thing, Syrian Refugee thing.. I feel like I should be, but it makes me feel lonely. Odd.

GOP voters trust Donald Trump to keep our country safe. Paris won't change that.  via  TITLE SAYS IT ALL

#Paris attacks: Butcher of Belgium Abdelhamid Abaaoud behind atrocity #jobs #money #work #: ONE of Islamic Sta

To the people saying stop worrying about paris and worry about whats going on in america   shut the fuck up

Obama: Paris Attacks a 'Setback' in ISIS Fight  #Newsmax via Newsmax_Media

More Than Two Dozen States Announce They Won't Accept Any Syrian Refugees Following Paris Attacks  via

Paris attack prompts refugee pushback; ND says it doesn't expect to resettle any Syrians | INFORUM

VIDEO: Has Paris overshadowed other attacks?: In a week that saw attacks by so-called Islamic State in Lebanon

chicagonewsnow: Chicago Students on Paris Trip Reunited With Parents  #chicago

And I don't want to hear anyone else say anything negative about people carrying around guns because something could have been done in Paris

I was in Paris yesterday, and wrote a piece about it.

All Paris Attackers Identified so Far Are European Nationals, According to Top EU Official | Issue Hawk  via

was it necessary to wait until alek danced to say your thoughts are with paris? something like that should be top of the show..

send Raymond Reddington to Paris. is real #redwillgetthebadguys #thekabalisrealitseems

Paris Attacks: Watch President Obama Speak About Destroying ISIL In His Strong Closin

'the suspected mastermind of the paris attacks has been named by french officials as belgian national abdelhamid

This man allegedly masterminded the Paris attacks  via

LDS church increasing security for missionaries after attacks in Paris

#USAfricaBF Thread: Paris Attackers: What We Know

I will go ANY time to beautiful Paris

What have you done about terrorist attacks?  Well,

Paris attacks: Why terrorists hit France/Because #NATO has been bombing the hell out of other countries unprovoked?

Related News: After Paris Attacks, a Darker Mood Toward Islam Emerges in France -The New York Times-

ok but Paris clapped back stronger

Paris France Art Tile Eiffel Tower Ceramic Tile Art Cityscape City Art Modern..  #paintingoftheday #Design

My compassion is for my fellow Americans. I'd like to keep them safe.I don't want what happened in Paris to happen here. Be nice

u realize that some of those people fleeing turned into the people killing in Paris

Whenever I hear terrorist had time to reload multiple times, It reaffirms why we need Right to bear arms. #Paris#KellyFile #ParisAttacks

My heartfelt paying tribute to the victims of the Paris attacks.

Hey my name is Paris Nichole Patrick.  And I believe in Jesus Christ  He said deny me in front of your peers

I have one child who is doing a research project on Paris for #geniushour.  She mentioned it to me and we had a quick convo. #ksedchat

After Paris Attacks, C.I.A. Director Rekindles Debate Over Surveillance: The director, John     via

Prayers go out to everyone effected by the Paris attacks - it's never easy to hear about such a terrible travesty. #ChangeIsComing

I'm still paying attention to the situation in Paris because it's so much bigger than Paris.

Note that the ISIS mastermind of the Paris attacks, still on the run, wore no suicide belt  wasn't about to blow himself up.

What happened in Paris is very tragic but there other people who are suffering and we shouldn't avoid that.

Said No to Syrian Refugees before Paris attacks; could be Isis! Trump 100% right, will Keep America Safe!

. said 65k refugees = 6.5 ppl in bb stadium; how many terrorists attacked the Paris soccer stadium? #ParisAttacks

After what happened to Paris, no Syrian, or any refugee for that matter should not be trusted, it's to risky right now.

#KENNEDYWhat does think we should do after the Paris attacks?

Brian Williams - at all of the venues attacked in Paris. What a survivor.

Geraldo Rivera Reunites With His Daughter Simone After Paris Attack   via

'The Voice': Carson Daly Opens Show Offering 'Support'  'Love' To People Of Paris  Retweet if you like!

We just #prayed for #Paris. But in this country when a HS football coach prays after a game he loses his job

Aftermath of Paris attacks threatens vulnerable refugees  via NatObserver

Paris attacker Abdelhamid Abaaoud drags victims | And being Belgian you know he's going to be a terrible driver..

List of current states refusing to take in Syrian refugees following the Paris attacks, Tennessee included

Norway postpones disarming of police after Paris attacks - The Daily Star

Owners Of The Bataclan Release First Statement Following Paris Attacks - Music Feeds  via

#PapersReportsReview The human faces of the Paris attacks. 'Their only crime was to be alive': The  via

France Strikes ISIS Targets in Syria But Not In Paris | The Counter Jihad Report -

Tbh every state should refuse to welcome refugees bc of what happened in Paris, Lebanon, and Syria

Ralph Lauren Paris, the first European store to feature high end jewe

No one respects this chump.  Obama is LATE for moment of silence as G20 leaders mourn Paris victims

c'mon CNN ErinBurnett interview man in Paris bought fake Syrian passport700 Euro-not Syrian nor his name-5000 MORE FAKE AVLBL

she should befriend Paris Hilton!

In the aftermath of the Paris attacks, an international manhunt is underway. Hear more on the podcast

Quick thinking may have averted massacre at Paris stadium - SAINT-DENIS, France --- The suicide bombers' explos

BBC World: How the Paris attacks unfolded on social media - How Parisians chronicled attack on heir city using

A) 25000 lives EASILY outweigh whatever happened in Paris. .you just can't abandon 25000 just to fractionally not risk the lives of 100 max

Poll: 63% of Americans were fearful that a Paris-style attack could happen near them

Play: The Paris Attacks and Europe's Security Challenges | Episode 24 with -

Hacker group #Anonymous  declares 'war' on ISIS following Paris attack - The Times of India  via

#CommonDreams Getting It Wrong on Paris, Terror, Racism  Student Protests: Bruce MirkenI  #UniteBlue #Activism

New post: Amid Mourning, Life In Paris Goes On - NPR

Keep praying for Paris and for the rest of the world because that was just the beginning

Anyone have recs for a small gift for my Airbnb host in Paris? Would like to get him something while I'm there/bring him something from here

The slaughter in Paris   Obama's sign of weakness in response to it will fuel more of the same!

Video from my discussion of the Paris Terror attacks on local Fox News.

Attackers in #parisattacks radicalized in Europe.  saw threat in 2007.  Radicalization in the West

Travel stocks down in wake of Paris terror attacks  via

Here are 12 powerful images and messages dedicated to victims in Paris, Beirut, and Kenya.

that video of Ally talking about Paris and all the girls sad faces makes me cry I love them and Ally is so precious I love her :(((

Trump Blames Paris Death Toll on Gun Laws

Paris attacks: why was crucial intelligence ignored?

Paris attacks highlight France's gun control problems | World news | The Guardian

plaza lit in the colours of the French flag. Showing solidarity with Paris and all of the civilized countries.

Have the Obama-lovin' media suddenly awakened to the threat of ISIS? Reporters simply shocked at Obama's response to the Paris massacre.

'The View' Terrorism Expert Rips Marco Rubio's Anti-Syrian Refugee Stance After Paris Attacks  via

Remember that bad shit happened all over the world that day, not just in Paris.

#NEWS Pressure Grows for Global Effort Against Islamic State: World leaders pledged to seize on the Paris atta

We stand with Paris.  We stand with Israel.

Over gives his three takeaways from the Paris Terror Attacks.

Must read. About #islamophobia and the absurd of this situation. #racism #religion #islam #isis #terrorism #Paris

Paris Attacks Put Rand Paul In A Tough Bind  via |

I took a FB hiatus this weekend. The Paris tragedy brings out the worst in people; hostility and xenophobia isn't the way to go folks.

Obama Is Late To G-20 Moment Of Silence For Victims Of Paris Terror Attack  via  Typical slouch

This is Amy Paris, contact me at 818-962-3241. Propose!!!

NowPlaying Niggas In Paris - Jay-Z and Kanye West

I love what this cast is doing to honor the Paris attacks

hope your wife's family in Paris is okay. So sad to hear what has happened there. Was just there 2 yrs ago. Beautiful pple  city

That is just not okay. I literally got tears in my eyes when nobody would stfu for the moment of silence for Paris.

To Save Paris, Defeat ISIS - The New York TimesInteresting perspective.

Political roundup: Implications of Paris attacks  via

Take this! Jeff Buckley - Eternal Life (Live From The Bataclan, Paris, 11 Febr  via

#News: Asia stocks surge after Wall St. takes Paris attacks in stride: TOKYO (Reuters) - Asi  via

Analyst $$ Asia stocks surge after Wall St. takes Paris attacks in stride

ya but I found him on tumblr posting about Paris like 2 days ago

#PrayForParis: Schoolboy's heartbreaking tribute to victims of terror attacks

PEOPLE IN THIS WORLD 2DAY  DO NOT GIVE   A PUCK     RIGHT  GOD  PASS THIS ON IF U  LIKE WHAT IS GOING ON NOW  AFTER PARIS  IS USA NEVADA DC

Biden';s First Public Comments on Paris Terror Attacks -

the attackers in paris entered the country as syrian refugees so letting them in isnt a smart idea considering the recent threats.

Is Trump right about 'stupid' voters?  #Paris #France #News

new favorite Joe Smooth feat. Paris Brightledge - We Gotta Love (Director's Cut Signature Mix) by

NotInMyName: Muslims condemn attacks in Paris #NotInMyName #cdnpoli

damn justin lost one of the people from his crew in the paris attacks :/

Next At 11: #Terror in #Paris! Tonight, more #US governors say no to #Syrian #refugees.

Europe's far-right blames migration crisis for Paris attacks  #NLU

We lost some beautiful people in Paris last week. Remember and celebrate them - follow

My condolences to the victims families in Kenya and Paris

NPR: Paris Attacks Live Updates: French Authorities Identify Key Players.

Paris soccer stadium guards stopped   #security #police #doorman #nightclub #sia #closeprotection #bouncer

Half of my facebook newsfeed from high school turned into the Remove Kebab guys after the Paris bombing

I've been saying that all day. There is no evidence ISIL had anything to do with Paris except their word, which is worth dick.

#MaddockHSEP 1AB researching the Paris attacks and other HSEP events around the world

God Bless Paris! gettyimages's photo

John Brennan and James Woolsey think Edward Snowden should be blamed for the Paris attacks.

I must disagree everyone having less religious faith might have prevented so much extremism, like in Paris.

Message of healing and hope is shared at Siena College during vigil for the victims of the Paris terrorist attacks:

Miss Petite Nigeria: Paris suicide bomber's mum defends terrorist son,blames his actions on stress

Still in mourning over Paris. Any terrorist attack is horrendous no matter were it is, but at a concert, one of the places I feel 1/2

Do You Have To Wonder What Caused Attack On Paris..

We placed a rose and lock on a commemorative stone from Paris' Notre Dame Cathedral to honor the lives lost and

French college student in Nashville speaks on attacks in Paris  #tn

So we go from freedom fries to using the Paris attack as a reason for the U.S. to fight ISIS? Nice try GOP. You go. We will stay home.

Join us TOMORROW 6PM, Toronto Vigil 4 #ZabulSeven  victims in Beirut, Iraq, Syria  Paris.  #cdnpoli #HazaraGenocide

The Paris attacks may have been Europe's 'Pearl Harbor'

following paris we raised our alert level. Our protest police are just the usual police constables in navy blue uniforms

Perfect comparison since Paris terrorists appear to all be Europeans

Whenever attack goes wild, there's a mastermind behind. #parisattack #syria #palestine

More people need to see and hear this. #WaleedAly #paris

after all your rush to Paris after being on Fox  Friends to bring your daughter home became a business trip.  Pathetic.

After The Paris Attacks, Some Stories Weren't True : The Two-Way : NPR

ability to defend.  The Colorado Joker targeted the theater specifically for that reason. At the Paris concert

West Texas leaders praise Abbott for rejecting refugees after Paris attacks -  via

MENA stocks drop to 2015 lows in aftermath of Paris attacks, oil slump -  #GoogleAlerts

No cyclist was making anything about them except your comment from before the Paris attacks.

Thousands in Paris attend memorial service for Friday's terror victims - YouTube

if they supposedly know about all pending threats, Paris wouldn't have happened. How dopey can our leaders be?

Paris massacre of 1961 of 200 Algerians was the largest attack since WW2 even if French govt will not recognize it.

sounds bad yes, but watch this  you'll c how paris happened.  Cant blame them 4 being nervous abt it

I can respect your point, but these people are getting murdered every day just like the people in Paris

this is the main reason for the attacks in #Paris the mistreatment of the #berbers and the #Muslims #isis is just a scapegoat

#World Anonymous Declares War On ISIS After Paris Attack: The hacker collective Anonymous declared war o  #ISis

So happy to see the support for Paris!   This country shows it's best during times of adversity.  I salute you all!

#NYtimes Before Paris Attack, Concert Hall Had Long History in Music and Politics: The 150-year-old Bataclan w

Braid: After Paris, refugee arrivals expose political fault lines in Alberta. #ableg #abpoli #yeg #yyc

Fans of band in Paris attacks push song to top of charts  via Rappler

Exactly!! Obama gave French info. What was he waiting for? 130 people dead in Paris? 4 PR purposes only=Obama ISIS effort.

Obama Is Late To G-20 Moment of Silence for Victims of Paris Terror Attack:  He needed a latte first.

Keep Dr. Phil out of Paris and don't even weigh in on it.

Paris Attacks Blamed on Strong Cryptography and Edward SnowdenRich!

1) Lou Reed - Sweet Jane - Live In Paris, 1974

Tweeting 'live' from the set of at 11the latest from France  you'll hear from a UK student who was in Paris during the attack

Watch John Oliver's Paris Attacks F-Bomb Rant

ICYMI: Shoesday Tuesday - Olgana Paris Spring Summer 2016 Bridal Collection The bridal shoe market is ev  #stylevitae

Paris Terror. For PM France. U  can't flush out all Muslims fm France, moreover; every Muslim in France is not a terrorist. U went emotional

All #Paris Attackers Identified So Far Are European Nationals, According To Top #EU Official

The fact that a suspect from the terrorist attacks on Paris possibly escaped to Belgium  thats where my dad is stationed worries me so much

#ParisAttacks Mark Zuckerberg explains why Safety Check was activated for Paris:

#Paris attack: Why Belgium is at the heart of a destructive wave of terror in Europe #jobs #500K #: #As a mode

Plans cul #Rencontre : slavebab, 28 ans | Paris 15 - France :

DON'T TELL PORKIES Police make one arrest in Molenbeek over Paris attacks: TV: One man was a  #rochdale #oldham

en #Periscope: Piano player in Paris is going live on Place de la Republiqueexcelente

George Osborne to double cyber security spending by billions after Paris  - Herald Scotland  #InfoSec

w/Malcolm Nance - Bomb maker sought via clues in exploded vests of Paris attackers

Pray for Paris, New video is here.#PrayForParis #ParisAttacks #Paris #ParisTerror #Terror

I've heard two ranking heads of defense (CIA director and Def Sec) say they weren't surprised by Paris attack, citing surveillance barriers.

On the possibility that Paris could change the legislative 'hostility' against banning encryption. One to watch

Syrian refugees welcomed to B.C. despite Paris attacks: A Syrian refugee girl sits on mud a  #dentist #dentists

Paris is really a sour patch kid

Lincoln Report (Hultgren on Paris ISIS Attacks)

Zuckerberg explains why activated its #Safety Check for #Paris but not #Beirut

DTN Singapore: Asia stocks surge after Wall St. takes Paris attacks in stride: Asian stocks rose across the bo

The algorithm showed me a Parisian Restaurant. Not why I was searching about #Paris,

VIDEO ISIS in America: Boston Cops Repeatedly Tased a Man Until They Killed Him | TruthVoice:  Paris

[VOA] Obama Resists Pressure to Deploy Troops After Paris Attacks

If you understand French, give this interview by a journalist who was in the Bataclan in Paris 11/13 a listen.

Oh shit! Meanies!  Canadian Sikh's Morphed Selfie Goes Viral As Paris 'Terrorist'  via

Paris Attacks, This Symbol For Peace Is Going Viral To Show Support For The Victims  Click here

We are #hiring Medical Laboratory Technologist in Paris, TX  #jobs #Paris #Healthcare

Hi Dawn. Thanks for liking my tweet. Hope u are doing ok after that horrible tragedy in Paris last week.

'France is at war,' President Francois Hollande says after Paris attacks  boo,I'm so scared Mr tough guy,JOKE!!

You're in our prayers, Paris.                                            - Kryptic

Scottish man remains in 'induced coma' after Paris terror attacks  via

Fu*k the assholes (=terrorists). John Oliver responds to Paris attacks with 'a moment of premium cable profanity'

bro there is Zero chance ALL refugees are vetted e tough to protect us from Paris happening in Denver or NYC Again

#Anonymous declares war on Islamic State after Paris attacks #cybersecurity #anonymous isis

Listen to Je Suis Paris: Amazing Grace by civsky97 #np on #SoundCloud Procrastination at its best.

#nowplaying Carnival De Paris by Safri Duo

#lmswageer APEC Leaders Condemn Paris Attacks in Planned Statement: Asia-Pacific leaders condemn Pari  #SIGUEME

#News: APEC Leaders Condemn Paris Attacks in Planned Statement: Asia-Pacific leaders condemn   via

Asia-Pacific leaders condemn Paris a  #dynamictunez

The Paris assailants: what we know - Astro Awani

Tribute to the memory of the victims - Security Council  via #Paris #Beirut

Dalai Lama On Paris Attacks: Prayer Is Not The Answer  via

Scenes from Paris attack - Video - Business News

some strong messages sent by Paris Nd #G20turkey to all isis nd Islamic states, Terrorism should end here.

New Video: Defense Chief: Paris Attacks Have Strengthened Cooperation

Jean Jullien the man behind the Peace for Paris sign

6 reasons to welcome Syrian refugees, even after Paris.

New Video: The New York Times - The Paris Attackers: Who Were They?

NEW VIDEOMy Thoughts on the Paris Attacks | Only Love is Real  via

Because of this upstart of islamaphobia going around because of the  Paris Attacks I'm deciding to actually read the Quran

Paris attacks: The Mastermind, and the killers What we know so far

We've begun our push for more powers.  After Paris Attacks, C.I.A. Director Rekindles Debate Over Surveillance

The Vikings sacked Paris in 845 and did not leave until King Charles the Bald paid them 5,670 lbs of silver and gold.

Meanwhile at least 7 of the 8 Paris terrorists wouldn't need a visa to get into the states.

People in Paris don't really carry firearms like people in Ohio or Michigan would. So I feel it's a less chance they would

SEGA Central | Paris Games Week

If any country understands apart from the Arabian countries what Paris is going through.Nigeria does.. #Prayers4Paris

[VOA] Will Paris Attacks Act as Game-Changer in War Against 'Islamic State'?

Reaction from around the world to Paris attacks: PARIS (AP) mdash; World leaders are reacting to the deadlies

All ya'll talk about Lately is Paris. I get that it's a tragic event, but this shit happens EVERYWHERE. Pray for the WORLD, not just Paris.

French Government Knew The Terrorist Attack Would Happen In Paris! | We Are Change

-interesting analysis. If #isis is indeed behind the #paris attacks what measures of retaliation are to be expected and from whom ?

Mark Levin Issues TERRIFYING Warning to America in the Wake of Paris Attacks

Swiss shocker: Federer crashes to surprise defeat in Paris: Novak Djokovic has extended his winning streak to

Travel News: Paris tourist sites reopen but tourists remain skittish

yes that's not from Paris I saw it a long time ago horrific picture did hear it was fake but if not it's absolutely unthinkable,,

Who Were The Paris Attackers? Many Crossed Officials' Radar - French police, prosecutors and journalists have  -

LADY TECNIQ NEWS Paris survivor pretended to be dead - Survivors of the Paris attack speak out with details of

#asia Asia-Pacific leaders condemn Paris attacks in draft of statement to be issued at annual summit: MA  #news

Such attempts to blame for successful terrorist attacks undermine those countries' involvement in reality.

As world mourns Paris, many in Mideast see double standard: Within hours

Paris Bataclan video from 2008 shows headscarf clad confront doormen: The video shows a group of young M  #news

HS students assemble to honour all those who lost their lives in Paris and other tragedies; moving community moment

Fight you? You're not worth the energy. Attention on #Paris #ParisVictims  NOT #Mizzou #Crybabies

CS 'Hunger Games' L.A. Premiere: Cast, Crew Express Solidarity With Paris

Syrian Passports Planted by Police At Scene of #Paris Terror Attack Are Confirmed Fakes

Have u asked why GOP feigns hysterla about mass Paris shootings but does nothing when 1 lone gunman kills 28 in school in Newton, Conn?

President Putin says #Paris attacks show #Russia was right to call for anti-terror coalition [via

Paris Attacks | Hacker Group Anonymous declares 'WAR' on ISIS | Full Video Message - English

Diamond and Silk talk about the Paris massacre.

Rumors about Uber ran amok during the Paris terrorist attacks   #AwwSamTech

obama should be banned forever from visiting paris for encouraging the formation of isis  refusing to recognise their existence. criminal!

Some thoughts on #paris #terorrism and peace.  /#goodwords  what if anger turned to action

I can't believe Paris was just under attack, it'll be under more attack if finds me there unless I stop him!

Fox News Anchor Hears Obama Say the Unthinkable About Paris.he LOSES IT#auspol questioning Obama motives

Retweeted Islam Press WISCONSIN:  Muslim community in Oshkosh condemns ISIS attacks in Paris |

Campers  mentors watching their tribute for the victims of the recent Paris attack. #elementsmusiccampsongforparis

I'm going to bed.Goodnight, dear friendsand J'aime Paris, Bonsoir and Bon chance.

Risk is lower, but Paris attacks could happen here

11/13 will not be forgotten But #Paris is about living and its spirit unsinkable. I'll be there again in a few weeks. #JeSuisParis

#politics French planes strike IS stronghold in Syria: military: Paris (AFP) - French warplanes carried   #news

Retweeted The New York Times Guillaume Le Dramp, a waiter killed in the Paris attacks, was

New post: TB Joshua claims to have foretold Paris Attacks  #zambia

This is the world today !!  We are funding those who are attacking us back

LMPE What we know about Abdelhamid Abaaoud, the alleged mastermind of Paris attacks: Abdelhamid Abaaoud is bei

(11-17-2015) 8:30-9:20 Paris Terror Attack and ISIS Jean-Pierre Cabestan, Professor and Head, Department of

ISIS Says It Carried Out 'Miracles' in Paris

NWO Climate Conference in Paris  #Agenda21 #2030Agenda Some thought-provoking  new info, links, sources

Syrian Refugees in Paris Fear Backlash | Al Jazeera America

awesome tribute tonight to France and all who serve our country #Paris. Loving your show tonight and every night

yes so how do they know the Paris attacks are over, exactly?

Thank you. Amen. Political pandering, fear inciting, xenophobia. Paris+threat real but Immigration+Intel can do expert screening

#NepalChokedByIndiaWake up WorldThere are crisis in the world too apaet from Paris Attacks

Encrypted Messaging Apps Face New Scrutiny Over Possible Role in Paris Attacks (Discussion on HN -

China Ministry Links Antiterror Efforts to Paris Tragedy - WSJ #china #xinjiang / secretive CCP. No proper info

Germany-Netherlands friendly goes ahead despite Paris attacks - DFB - ESPN FC

prayin for Paris when this side we have big problems

Take a look at the men behind the Paris attacks  via

Liam Hemsworth  Josh Hutcherson Wear Pins for Paris at 'Mockingjay' LA Premiere: Liam Hemsworth and Josh Hutc

The world stands in solidarity with Paris  via

Just some rambling after the Friday, 13 Nov 2015 Paris France attacks.

WATCH:Cardinal Tagle leads prayers for victims of Paris attacks #BEC2015

See the tributes to the victims of the Paris Attacks here.

To see some of the amazing work by students  teachers in response to the attacks on Paris, please see #EcolespourlaPaix. Inspiring.

LISTEN hes blaming islams for the paris terrorism wtf

If a kid dies today due to non availability of medicine be reported as a issue or still we gonna hear Paris Paris Paris #NepalChokedByIndia

DTN Russia: Paris Terror Attacks to Damage Hollande's Approval Rating  - Expert: The November 13 terrorist att

They found the passport of 1 of them, a Syrian refugee. So, yes, one of the Paris attackers was a #SyrianRefugee.

Chicago Increases Security After Paris Attacks #news #Chicago

John Oliver Paris Attacks. Don't mind this one.

Paris attackers 'psychopathic monsters': US Secretary of State John Kerry describes Islami  #retweetandfollowme

In the Wake of the Paris Attacks, Beware of False Information on Social Media  via

Finnish news outlets shamelessly using the horrible situation in Paris to sell prints. Click bait fucktards, it's pretty disgusting.

usa 23 states refused to Syrian migrants, paris attack | Daily Jang  via

Hell no!!!! God help us if refugees are permitted entry to this great nation of ours. Re:Paris

TRADINGFLOOR Asia stocks surge as market takes Paris attacks in its stride: Asian stocks rose across the board

World Monuments light up in solidarity with Paris, France!

#bentozy 11 friends die side by side at a Paris Cafe while celebrating birthday: Brother Khaled and Abda  #news

#OdavelyMusic A Guide to Talking With Children About Paris Attacks: A guide to talking with children about Par

Hollywood Reporter  'Hunger Games' L.A. Premiere: Cast, Crew Express Solidarity With Paris

In April 2013 I ran my second Paris Marathon in a PB of 3:28:19. Here is my video story  #running #parismarathon

Know more about Terror in Paris in  - #Austria

For it to be #news, it must be identifiable, unusual and sell, simple as that -  #Paris #racism #Lebanon #terrorism

Inside the Facebook profile of baby faced Paris Stade de France bomber Bilal Hadfi

Paris survivor pretended to be dead: Survivors of the Paris attack speak out with details of th  ff:

Just bought the #allyouneedisloveandmakeup collection from for less than half the initial price. Now entered to win the Paris one

NEWS: Cruz Prays for Paris Victims, Then Tells Obama How to Respond: Presidential hopeful Sen. Ted Cruz,  (SAN)

Stop making people feel bad for grieving over what happened in Paris.  #ParisAttacks

Dalai Lama hit the nail on the head. The Pray For Paris hashtag shows support that doesn't accomplish much

People were sad about Paris, and then there was backlash, and now there is backlash to the backlash because that is the way of the Internet

I strongly recommend telling a room full of white people not to hate Muslims after the Paris attacks if you're totally chill with bombing.

Is he serious? After what has just happened in Paris, Beirut etc!!  The man needs to be committed  fast!

About narcissistic personality disorder and terrorism  #paris #AttackParis #terrorism

South Korea stocks, won rebound from Paris shocks, but caution remains - Economic Times #won

Already making policy before he takes office! called for this before Paris attacks

Unbelievably just said lets hope we can get back to booing the French again.3 days after Paris

Kommersant leaps on Ukraine's UN rep for suggesting Moscow was behind Paris attack, says he's angling for office.

why is it that passport survives 9/11 plane crash  Paris scicide bombs just to put blame on Muslims . Smell some rat. No???

London Heathrow Terminal 5 to Paris Orly. Short security queues, incredibly.

no the world only screams for paris attacks

ParisAttackWe stand with the JUSTICE which mean we stand with FRANCE. Paris you're not alone.

Regional tensions, Paris attacks may eclipse trade at Apec  #asiaone

Paris attackers 'psychopathic monsters'  from #BBC #tns

just thought of my first paris attacks joke

France launches fresh strikes in Syria after Paris attacks  via

The Paris Attacks Will Be Largely Ignored by Oil

1. 2 Balmain Paris shirts from their HM collection 2. Yezzy 950's size 6 women's I can also fit a 4.5 in boys

In Mexico to remember victims of the attacks of 13N in Paris. By  - News

I don't see why me not caring about Paris is wrong, I don't care about half the tragedies that happen

Zionist Facebook, you pretend to cry about Paris while neglecting Syria that fights terrorism for 5 years?

Bombing villages and killing more innocent people does not justify what happened in Paris, fuck these people are idiots

U.S. Agrees To Boost Intelligence Sharing With #paris #anonymous #france

My drawing of Australia and France standing  shoulder to shoulder with peace  for Paris

Azam theory -Paris attack was reaction of action. So we can sy Gujrat2002 was reaction of Godhra  it applies 2 many others!! why blame modi

Yesterday our french teacher decided to give a test about the attacks in Paris. A TEST! WHY???

Dear frnds Please join d rally from WBPCC office Today at 02.45 PM in protest against Paris incident.regards Prabhat Tewari-secretary WBPCC

NBC Chicago: Biden Speaks Out on Paris Attacks

Paris cuz plane blew up in Egypt.

Smiles and Beer: Photos taken before the murderous attack in Paris - JerusalemOnline  #israel #news via

Post-Paris, Obama Doubles Down: More Refugees Coming.The President seems intent on creating the circumstances

This is the event that used my music-UNESCO lights up its Paris headquarters w/ a message of peace:  by

#signaltradingFx The Paris tragedy clearly showed the world that the war on terror has go  #FundamentalAnalysis

6ABC: Suspected 'Mastermind' of Paris Attacks Identified  #philly

Another day dawns hereGoing through the motions but we'll get there eventually #Paris #ParisAttacks #recovery

Can anyone enlighten me why d #paris attackers we're carrying their passport s on a suicide mission? Emigration checks at hell's gateway?

One of the best pieces I've read on Paris atrocities

After Paris, You're Meant to Hate Refugees

MOE cancels French trips as travel firms monitor Paris situation  #Singapore

VIDEO: 'It's not good': Parisian Muslims react: Paris, and the whole of France, has a l

The terrorists killed innocent people in Paris. It showed they did not have courage to directly fight with the troops.

Paris attacks: Terrorist atrocities pose further threat to the values of European politics - The Independent

ISIS Mentioned Nigeria as they Claim Responsibility For Paris Attacks: While claiming responsibility of the da

World leaders have held a minute's silence to recognise those who died in the Paris terror attacks earlier this week.

Standing with Paris - Vigil held in Balboa Park  #sandiego

Under the coverage of Paris terrorism attack, the G20 received no attention by media

The Imagined Muhammad Mourns. Je Suie Paris#DrawMuhammad #NoGod #Freethought #FreedomFromReligion

Sligo's night of shame for Paris victims

The beautiful #chateaudechambord -- one of the picturesque #castles in the #loire valley outside of #paris

WITH LOVE FROM PARIS??? WHAT THE FUCK?????!???!?!

LMAAOO DUMBASS THATS GAZA NOT PARIS

Does he  so far not very effective  Paris

merci pour Paris I know we are not alone and we will resist all together. Life is about fun and joy and they don't like that.

Tulsa World Editorial: We mourn along with the citizens of Paris: France identified a 27-year-old Belgian who

We say pray 4 Paris but a football coach can't pray after a football game when everyone leaves and clearly does not ask anyone to join him.

400,000 dead in Syria, 5 years ago 1.5 million dead in iraq The world Stands silent. And In Paris Attack Today 150 Dead And World Goes Crazy

you must have missed the news in Paris last week.

#Dime_Miloko Paris Attacks Leave Parents, Schools With Tough Questions: After deadly Paris attacks, parents and schools grapple with

Retweeted LBC Met Police chief Bernard Hogan-Howe is live on LBC to take calls on the Paris attacks

John Oliver about Paris attacks :  via youtube via

FT: Global consequences of the Paris terrorist attacks

Don't use Paris as an excuse for books advertisement

The #PARIS Attacks are truly Horrific I'm not sure being Told what happened Day in Day out and Every half an Hour on the #BBC Adds ANYTHING?

Secretary of State John Kerry Makes Surprise Visit to Paris - ABC News -  via

After Paris attacks, Pentagon quietly shifts to new phase of ISIS war: The Islamic State group's feroci  (USTO)

Paris so fucking childish man y'all expect us to believe a suicide bomber dropped his fucking passport?

Paris attacks: France launches fresh round of airstrikes against Islamic State targets in Syria  #EMM

That's what Paris is REALLY about - filthy lucre and world domination fantasies

Isis Pharma considers name change after Paris attacks | CNNMoney via

Predictable fear-mongering exploitation of Paris tragedy from Kevin Hurley: he wants rural bobbies armed with AK-47s

Blaming+Snowden+for+Paris  via POLITICOEurope

Anonymous declares war against Islamic State after Paris attacks

Charade - more Paris life, with Audrey Hepburn and Cary Grant

WHY BATACLAN?Before Paris Attack, Concert Hall Had Long History in Music and Politics

Justin Bieber Writes Heartfelt Tribute to Friend Who Was Killed in Paris Attacks - People  | Justin Bieber News

Instead of praying for Paris, people prayed for South Africa #Rain

11 friends die side by side at a Paris Cafe while celebrating birthdayA group of 11 friends were killed during

Climate resilient approach in dealing with water security may be pushed at COP-Paris-

See All Of #Montreal's Buildings Lit Up For Paris (13 Photos)  #quebec  #Paris #PrayForTheWorld

Imam: Following ISIS will 'drag you to hellfire' - Muslim leaders gathered at a makeshift memorial in Paris on

Late-Night Hosts Respond to the Paris Attacks With a Straight Face

- Watch:  Paris Attacks Spark New Concerns and How a Video Game May Have  -

This needs to be discussedThe Empathy Gap Between Paris and Beirut

domdyer70: davidjcraven he also has said he disagreed with French police killing ISIS terrorists in concert hall in Paris on Friday night

Raw video: French military patrol sections of Paris after attack

After Paris, Pentagon quietly shifts to new phase of Islamic State war: The Islamic State group's fer  #phoenix

Please, show your support for the People of Paris during these extreme difficult times of tragedy, they are

The faces behind the statistics Paris attack victims: lives cut cruelly short during night of terror

IN THEIR SIGHTS: Fresh French airstrikes hit ISIS as report claims US targeted Paris attack 'mastermind'

My lovely Amazing folding Paris book got featured in this thoughtful treasury by CumisGems over on Etsy. #Paris

there with them. Australia is Paris and Paris Australia. their pain and loss is ours. pray 4 Paris they still need but tourism

speaking Michael Dommet from France on the atmosphere in Paris currently #MorningStarr

Sky News now attacking those on here who are attacking  murderous faith which prompted Paris must all be Corbyn supporters

People of  Paris be brave and fight against terrorism We all Indians with you.

CBS delays #Supergirl ep 4 in wake of Paris attacks

The French Republic taken hostage, by Thierry Meyssan: The war which has now spread to Paris is incomprehensib

Refugees in Germany fear backlash: Refugees fear Paris attacks shifting public opinion against the Berlin government's welcoming asyl

The Paris attacks were a tragedy  all civilized countries need to come together to make sure violence Via:

Photo of 20 Year Old Jihadist Who Detonated Suicide Vest at Paris Football Stadium

ABC keep on putting ignorant people on its shows especially,Why,oh,why have David Miles on re Paris tragedy?

Retweeted Sen. Mike Dunleavy In wake of terrorist attacks in Paris and Beirut, Senator Mike

Terrorism from Maiduguri to Paris: The Gulf monarchies as prime drivers -  via cc

RT if you think that Paris should have the respect that they deserve. My love goes to Paris and to the families that have lost ones

Muslim group warn of Bataclan attack SEVEN YEARS AGO in chilling video

People be adding filters to support Paris and yet they can't help the poor in need on our country #Smh Please

Paris attacks: What we know so far - CNN - Updated 1:30 AM ET, Tue November 17, 2015  #ParisAttacks #Paris

#FrenchBelgianIntelligence knew Paris attackers had jihadi backgrounds

Even satan can quote scriptureEvil prez turns a nations survival into a religious debate#paris#WakeUpAmerica

#Pakistan Social Media Out in Front After Paris Attacks - Voice of America: Voice of AmericaSocial Media Out i

Reuters: US tourists are re-thinking plans to travel to #Paris and Europe in the wake of the Paris shootings.

Thought this was a joke at first. Don't believe what you read in the Daily Mail. Don't blame refugees for Paris

President Obama: The attacks in Paris remind us that we cannot defeat ISIL alone. #LiveOnKBFX

#EWEA2015 starts in Paris today. Follow and   for all the latest from our team at the event

Fil-Am inspired by Parisians' bravery amid deadly attacks #ParisAttacks

Paris Attacks: Moroccan National killed, Two Injured  November 17, 2015

FB really has me fucked up with all these people jumping on that paris flag filter wagon. You sure showed me how worldly aware you are!

Local Vigils Support Victims Of Paris Terror Attacks

127 people died in Paris, 240,000 in Syria over the last 4 years. Im not justifying terrorism but any loss of life is

#USAfricaBF Hot: Watch coldplay cover John Lennon's #Imagine for Paris:

skyping my brother for the first time after him being in paris

[eNCA Africa] eNCA | Germany confirms arrest of Algerian over Paris attacks: German officials have confirmed t

RIP to the many people who have lost their lives; whether it was b/c of the attacks in Paris, bombs in Baghdad  Beirut, or other causes.

VIDEO | UNSC members pay tribute to victims of Paris attacks

His finger in Syria,  but his ultimate body is in US. If to bind elbow of Paris to cool down its situation against Assad!

Ron Paul: The attacks on Paris and what should be done - Bemidji Pioneer The horrific attacks in Paris on Frida

Fearless after #Paris 3/3: may help #Brexit referendum? even trade negotiations?  #EUCO

check this out Late-Night Hosts Respond to the Paris Attacks on a Serious Note: One by one, the   #art #artwork

#Egypt #Women #News RELIGION: Local Muslims denounce Islamic State's attacks in Paris, Beirut  #WomenOfTheWorld

Nothing like being sent pics of #Paris by your friends over there now. Even at this time it still looks beautiful.

it actually happened to me, Here in Paris the other month. Some Muslim guy started praying. Fleeing is the first impulse

France joins attacks on Syria! #ISIS attacks #Paris!France attacks #Syria! Who's the 3rd cat that shall gain access to Syrian oil? #fb

VIDEO: What we know about the Paris terror suspects -

Belgium-Spain friendly cancelled after Paris attacks.  Such Tv

UEFA says Euro 2016 to stay in France in wake of Paris attacks - via

Paris attacks highlight sport's vulnerability; Argentina, Brazil struggle - via

Paris Attacks Intensify Debate Over How Many Syrian Refugees to Allow Into the U.S. so what

LIVE on #Periscope: A late night scope for PARIS!! #greatisthyfaithfulness #paris

I stayed off twitter from Friday until Sunday during the immediate aftermath of the Paris tragedy. Smart move. #RedEye

Immigration minister confident Syrian refugees not a risk after link to Paris attack  via

Paris attacks fuel calls for Canada to delay plan to take in 25,000 Syrians  - Don't delay just ban them- There's no moderation in Islam.

Report: Majority of Business Leaders Call for Climate Agreement in Paris | Sustainable Brands  via

the way he was lecturing me i thought he'd lost someone in the paris attacks. Turns out he's just a twat.

The Latest: Israeli Minister Links Ban to Paris Attacks -

So far all of the Paris terrorists have been identified as EU nationals, think about that.

From NYT #arts Late-Night Hosts Respond to the Paris Attacks on a Serious Note

I didn't - the petition was started in September this year well before Paris

A father, who's wife died in the Paris attacks, fights back by not giving them the satisfaction of misery. (1/2 )

people say pray for Paris which we should but we also shouldn't forget people like this either.

Friday timing plus social media multipliers may mean Paris attacks have more impacts on markets:  via

Paris Terror Attacks: Leading Islamic State terror suspect still in Ireland, thanks to Irish-born son - Independent

I liked a video  HOLD facebook accountable for the ISIS Paris Attacks

'True Muslims disgusted by such acts of brutality' Leicester imams condemn Paris and Beirut attacks

Midnight in Paris-Woody Allen (opening)

Japan in recession, Syria in trouble, attacks in paris, middle east disturbed, fed confused, oil down, putin bully,Trump may win #toughlife

Watch this. John Oliver on the Paris Attacks. 'The fucking Croquembouche'

The Latest: Foreign Ministers Preoccupied by Paris Attacks - New York Times

PARIS: Kerry arriving at  Palace minutes ago for important meeting with Hollande. -

Belgium-Spain game cancelled after Paris attacks: The search for the perpetrators of the Paris attacks has led

Ferguson: Paris attacks are exactly how civilisations fall like the collapse of Rome

#World: Kerry in Paris to Consult With French Leaders on Attack: US Secretary of State Kerry  via

NME: Eagles Of Death Metal enter midweek UK chart following Paris terror attacks  #music

This is 2015!  Watching CNN and the cold blooded shooting in Paris - what has the human-being achieved!

The Paris attacks were tragic. Makes one think about safety in a v diff way. May all Parisians stand shoulder to shoulder at this time.

NEWS: England v France: Wembley to pay silent tribute to Paris attacks victims amid tight security -

Rand Paul Uses Paris Attacks to Criticize Marco Rubio - Marco Rubio has often noted that he had a simple upbrin

PM visits French embassy for solidarity with Paris victims

Peace vigil for victims of the Paris terror attacks and all victims of terror around the world -tomorrow 6pm Swansea

Are you in Paris? How has your community reacted to the ISIL attacks? #ParisAttacks

ECB's Constancio warns of fallout from Paris attacksA top European Central Bank policy setter warned on Monday

Disproportionate coverage of the Paris attacks is not just the media's fault, the audience is also to blame

Paris Terror Attacks By ISIS Beginning Of World War 3: Chuck Norris: The deadly terrorist attacks i

y'all are just praying for paris bcs its an known country,bcs of the eiffel tower and such.

Summit in Philippines sets stage for climate action in Paris

'Dancing With the Stars' News: Who Will Shine the Most in the Semi-Finals?  #Paris #France #News

Omg! Shocked to hear abt Paris! What is going on? Praying for Paris!!

It's freaky, uncomfortable even scary walking in their neighborhoods in London and Paris.

Explanation: why #Facebook enabled 'Safety Check' for attacks in Paris, but not Beirut

Paris first responder is former #CharlieHebdo columnist  #parisattacks

Islamic fundamentalism is the cause of Paris (and numerous other atrocities) not innocent Parisians

SC Headlines: Paris attacks put GOP outsiders on the spot: The Republican outsiders have been getting a pass o

he was part of the jb team and he didn't make it through the Paris attacks :(

David Luiz lands back in Paris via

There was 'chatter' in Sept. of an attack on Paris, but it went dark w/ sudden PS4 encryption

but if you tweet Pray for Paris but don't actually PRAY, then you're doing it for show.

The Latest: Pakistan's Sharif condemns attacks on Paris: PARIS (AP) -- The latest on the deadly attacks  #Paris

Sorry kids, Paris don't give a fuck about your fate. thanks anyway

Something's amiss in Paris. Everybody is way too polite.

Fair play McClean for wearing the black armband in solidarity with those killed in Paris. Not as good a headline as not wearing a Poppy but.

#ParisAttacks #ParisVictims paris attack video. #paris #shooting #FranceAttacks Very very shocking

After Paris Attacks, Attention Shifts to Iranian and European Roles in Syria  #iran

Google News UK: Paris attacks: France mobilises 115000 security personnel - BBC News: BBC NewsParis   #News #UK

not only Azam Khan  too has justified paris attack.

Cher Addresses Paris Attacks, Slams Congress as 'Gutless'  via

#KCA #VoteJKT48ID greatPRTweets: Paris mayhem chills Westmoreland County family of student there.. Related Articles:

Download my last mix here    #DJ #STAYV #HIPHOP #BRANDNEW #PARIS

One Minute Silence  One minute's silence for the victims of the Paris terror attack.

Wacom Business Solutions team showcasing latest eSignature solutions at 1st day of #Cartes2015 in Paris

As the world is left reeling in the wake of the tragic events in Paris, this photo of an older gentleman teaching

We do not accept what happened in paris:::::: but do not accept normalize our blood to be cheap

If you're a tourist in Paris ( you're not concerned about any attacks), this is time time for you see the sights it seems.

I join in their pain with the people of paris#Paris#prayers#support

That's why I love and Paris!

in fact Isis cheaper than paying for sex in London/Paris etc. Scum that they are. #ParisAttack

We pray for the victims  families of Paris terror attack, May God give them fortitude 2 bear d loss #Pray4Paris #Pray4North #Pray4Nigeria

Ex-CIA insider: #Paris attacks reveal 'whole new world' of #terror - Nov 17 AM ET

McDonnell calls for boost to police budget following Paris terror attacks | LabourList  via RT #torybritain

BEST PERFORMERS ON EARTH !!! Coldplay - Fix You (Live 2012 from Paris)

ARCHITEC PARIS WILL BE HELD AS SCHEDULED THIS WEEK - ARCHITEC PARIS WILL BE HELD AS SCHEDULED

TRANSPORT:  worrried about PNR following Paris attacks

'Even the sandwiches will be checked!' - Clasico security to be increased after Paris attacks: Real Ma  #TSCEnt

SMH revenge is usually on the weakest target. Je suis Paris, eh?

Surely it's more about people reacting to events closer to home? People here have been to Paris, have met French people..

2 of 2 | The more I think about the attack on Paris, the more it saddens me.

I'm happy that I survived in Paris, so I want to spend every Single Minute I have for something good. #promise #1DDE

yaw been tweeting for days when paris was attacked but now that the Muslims are back on target everyone's moved on with their life's sad huh

#France shuns #NATO and seeks #EU military assistance in the wake of #Paris attacks.

NowPlaying Eclipse (Original Mix) - Paris and Simo X Amersy  #EDM #Ultra2016 #EDMfamily #Nowplaying #trance

Grant Bosse -- World War III The Battle of Paris #NewHampshire

FB too - amazing to see the thousands of shares for a S. Korean photographer who had nowhere to stay in Paris on Fri :) #ttot

Welcome to my Blog: New pics shows sick Paris terror mastermind laughi

#celeb Ff Comment on Paris Attacks: Pregnant Woman Fights To Stay Alive By Ha

Paris attacks to have $9bn to $12bn economic impact: #insurance

the US is directly responsible for the refugee crisis. Also, Paris terrorists were all French/Belgian nationals. Educate yourself

Instead of protecting the UK from #Paris type attacks - this is what police are busy doing.

I think we should wait until the dust settles over the Paris outrage and deal with the situation with our heads not our hearts

We'll Always Have Paris, Wont' We?: I have barely allowed myself to watch much news in the wake o

Facebook to broaden use of 'safety check' after Paris attacks #Facebook #android #app go to

#US #DOD imposes travel ban on all army personnel troops/civilians for #Paris #Parisattacks

#sportsnews Paris attacks: Belgium v Spain off after security fears - BBC Sport

NEWS Brighton couple pay tribute to free spirit killed in the Paris shootings

Atlanta residents, politicians and celebrities react to Paris

One would hope so. But so many intermediate markets are served, I wonder if those are best for Paris-Barcelona travellers.

U.S. Governors' Response To Paris Attacks Concerns Refugee Advocates

Phil Portus-6594: philportusphotography posted a photo:  #paris #smcc

Wonderful interview on with Paris attack survivor Thomas. Showing love not anger. An inspiration.

BBC News - Paris attacks: #France mobilises 115,000 #security personnel

Harrogate to mark Paris terror attacks with Vigil for Peace: Harrogate will mark the terror attacks that kille

changed their heart icon by a French one in memory of the victims of the Paris attacks.

[LEADERSHIP] Paris Attacks: PENGASSAN Calls For Global Action Against Terrorism: The Petroleum and Natural Gas

Adrian Childs on R5 whispering about Paris; in case his Brummie accent offends the grieving no doubt.

Paris Attacks: Why Does it Take a Tragedy to Have Something in Common?

#ParisAttacks Police operation in Paris 18eme finished - Vehicle taken away

is still live fr Paris w/ exceptional reporting fr while #FoxNews is reporting on Charlie Sheen  blaming Obama for ISIS.

washdcnews: Will Paris attacks accelerate federal defense spending?  #DC

'We need symbols to express what [we] cannot say': How a designer's 'Peace for Paris' sketch became a global symbol

JN made pretty big error welcoming Paris attacks (tho it was already listed as a terror org) - interesting to see if others move away

Bosnia-Herzegovnia fans booed during the moment of silence before their match with Ireland. Moment of silence in regards to Paris attacks

Ths criticizing #Muslims r losing sense. B4 #ParisAttacks, IS attacked #Turkey, #Lebanon, Saudia, all r Muslims. Be reasonable.

I have been getting the EA serves down message since last night (live in Paris). What is going on?

GRAPHIC Video, Mastermind of Paris Massacre Was ISIS Executioner  #News

I would have wrote about my views on the Paris attacks but I am simply too busy.

Inside the FB profile of baby faced Paris stadium bomber, Bilal Hadfi:                            #Yomi_Onalaru

Shame on the media! Je suis Paris AND Lebanon  |

#ICPSearch is looking forward to attending #Cartes2015 this week in Paris

Paris attacks: anti-Muslim bigotry in  via #News |

On the top of Paris!!keep the good energy!!

in Paris banned a hijabi from shopping at one of its stores

CBC top story: What we know about the Paris attackers and suspected accomplices

WHO REALLY CONTROLS ISIS GLOBAL TERRORISM - PARIS ATTACKS - SYRIA PUTIN NWO [yt]0wH9XA4Dv1U[/yt]  $ISIS

Playstation console could help terrorists communicate, official warns #ps4 #pcmasterrace #Paris

#Paris. Make peace. Islam we gonna get you.

#Roboqbo partecipa a EUROPAIN-INTERSUC 2016 trade show 59 Feb. PARIS Hall 5C Stand 5C60

Arsey Wenger just foned. ee wasn't in Paris,  ee was in bed wiv Feeo Walnut At the time

#ISIL's Attacks in #Paris, Against Russian Plane a Sign of Desperation  via

Blog on Paris atrocities   via SplendidRed #ParisAttacks #blog #paris #PeaceForTheWorld

Huge Network |  Watch |  VIDEO: 'Paris events happen every day in Syria'  #World #BBC #News #HNN

How Indian Media Gone Mad over Paris Attack in France By ISIS Ary News - Video Dailymotion

With all that happened in Paris and thinking of those that have suffered loss this song came to mind

Manhunt for Accomplice in Paris Attacks Leads Detective to Belgium - NBC News

Jeb Bush on how U.S. should respond to ISIS Paris

People are choosing to mourn those that died in Paris, leave them to do so.

The Latest: UN expert: attacks may be crime against humanity  #AP

Paris hero: 'I saved pregnant woman at Bataclan Theatre on ledge from terror death': A HERO has spoken of the

BBC -  VIDEO: 'Paris events happen every day in Syria'

Here's a well informed, thoughtful piece after Ankara, Beirut and Paris.

UKIP Nigel Farage - Questions  Answers For Islamic Paris Attacks At  Ba  via

U.S.' Kerry says Islamic State feeling the pressure, losing ground: PARIS (Reuters) - Islamic State is losing territory in the Middle

Many Romantic Things To Do In Paris

hi, please to meet you !!I'm French and as you know we are in a kind of war crisis in Paris.

#HuffPost BBC Breakfast Presenter Graham Satchell Breaks Down Live On Air During Paris Attacks Broadcast

In a city which allows secular liberal magazines like Charlie Hebdo to pump out blasphemies against Religions, what does it do for Paris?

Paris attacks: EU troops could be sent to France as terrifying details of police assault in B  #TheArkOfTwitter

#News #Colorado Colorado Will Continue to Accept Refugees: Following the attack on Paris on Friday, that left

Justin Trudeau seeks to reassure Canadians in wake of Paris attacks via thestar

DTN Italy: VIDEO: 'I had to run over dead bodies': Paris attacks survivor recalls the seconds he got to escape

Alberta will still participate in the upcoming UN-led climate change talks in Paris -  #GoogleAlerts

ISIS Militants linked to Paris Attacks had a Bitcoin Wallet worth $3 Million #news

I don't think enough people realize that the terror in Paris is what the refugees are running from as well

Harrowing footage shows Paris attack aftermath as bodies lie on blood-covered pavement outside  -  #GoogleAlerts

Viewers praise 'insightful  human' reporter moved to tears during bulletin from Paris

News media remain a platform of defined communities. As press, their role is public service. Example: Free online coverage of Paris attacks.

142 students killed in #Kenya. Where's the international outrage? #Paris #Terror  via

Justin Bieber Tweets Tribute to Friend Who Died in Paris  #Entertainment

Still don't know my thoughts about Paris  the whole sorry mess of affairs in Beirut, Syria. Reading Judith Butler article  can't help..

MiddleEastEye:Syria's Nusra Front backs Paris attacks, despite opposition to Islamic State

What the Paris attacks mean for Manchester United's players' international fixtures: Following the events of F

NSA Ajit Doval Will Meet PM Modi over Threats from ISIS after Paris Attack  #namotube

Paris attacks reignite debate over Apple, Facebook, Google encryption practices  by

Kingston's Guildhall commemorating the tragic events of Paris #ParisAttacks #PorteOuverte

Paris attacks: Indian government issues alert, says ISIS clearly expanding area of terror

Wonder if there's ever gonna be a tweet about Paris without 10+ people mentioning all the other deaths in the world

New information on Paris, Islam and terrorism.#Paris #ParisAttacks

i think the main reason why i dont make such a stupid thing is on the same day paris got an attack from isis is that..

Salon Publishes Shameful Story Claiming Paris Victims Deserved It  via

So this is your first response since the Paris attacks. I must hand it to you, it is perfect. You will accept Islam.

U.S. officials: Paris attackers left little

Javier Pastore lost two friends in the attacks in Paris but he insists he will not hesitate to return to the city

Waiting in an East Yorkshire lay-by to pause for Paris at 11am with and the world

French Muslims in a Time of WarLast Friday, around eleven in the evening Paris time, I got a call from Fouad

#video #youtube Paris survivor: 'I decided I was ready to die': Bataclan massacre survi

your support of refugees coming to Pa puts us in the same position as Paris!!!!!

Excellent fm on need 2 tackle aggression towards refugees arriving in Scotland post Paris attacks

Paris Attacks: The Mastermind and the killers names, faces so far - Emirates 24|7

Latest: Paris Attacks: French warplanes strike IS targets in Raqqa for 2nd night

spent time with a Montreal family yesterday to find out how they're talking to their kids about the attacks in Paris.

When asked about the Paris attacks, this was how the #DalaiLama responded

N Wales Police boss seeks Government rethink on budget cuts in wake of Paris terror attacks

Paris terror attacks: Why stocks aren't freaking out - CNNMoney

2 people i know - obama  mika don't care about the 129 innocents that got killed in paris!!!!

Intelligence agencies pounce on Paris attacks to pursue spy agenda | Trevor Timm

New Clues in Paris Attacks: Authorities Identify Known Fr  via #EUpol

I would think the Today Show will be leading the news with Paris/ISIS and then do the Sheen interview later.

The incomparable on Paris, and a fight we need to understand.

As Paris Recovers From Attacks, Russia Confirms Bomb Caused Airliner Crash: Russian has finally acknowledged a bomb brought down a Ru

Agree. Unfortunately. Info overload - easier to remember Paris, and a lit-up Eiffel, visually more pleasing than Beirut. Fuck.

Classrooms are talking about the attacks in Paris, what students are learning next

PARIS (Reuters) - France and Russia both staged air strikes on Islamic State targets in northern Syria on Tuesday as Paris formally r

$BBRY $P:Wall Street Breakfast: Markets Shrug Off Paris Attacks:

Buffett: I won't sell anything due to Paris attacks .. also reveals why he's sold some stocks

DTN World News: How religion is roiling the GOP race: The horrific terrorist attacks in Paris have abruptly el

'Fate' kept NY man from Paris restaurant hit during ISIS attack  #NYC #restaurants

THE LEAGUE OF JUSTICE: PARIS: TOURIST OF TERRORISM (ISIS ON TOUR)                    #LeagueOfJustice

: It's most likely because of the football tonight, rather than to do with Paris.

Russian Jet, Paris, Beirut. R these really #obamas fault? Maybe now Europe  world will get serious.

joke sia. 30 sec silence for paris victims but no such things for the labanese, palestinians etc

#Politics News Paris Attacks Complicate Hillary Clinton's Alignment With Obama - New York Times

#LA Today: More Clues in Paris Attacks - I'm Davan Maharaj, editor of the Los Angeles Times. Here are some stor

Tommy Wilson: Share the love for Paris

Pretty bloody awesome conversation between father and young son on TV interview regarding Paris attacks.

Zuckerberg defends Facebook#8217;s #8216;Safety Check#8217; activation for Paris attack  via

Check out Analog Cacharel 2160 Gold Paris France Swiss Movemen Brown Leather Watch

Sounding like a game of Chinese whispers: Reporting Error Led To Speculation PS4s Used To Plan Paris Attacks

Prince cancels European dates following Paris terror attacks. MORE:

UK Muslim leader sends text telling women to avoid public places following ParisThe same goes for all NonMuslim fearing Muslim attack

I added a video to a playlist  Paris Attacks: France Launches Fresh Wave of Airstrikes on ISIS in

'Daily Show' Goes Somber In Opening Monologue For Paris (VIDEO)

police are trained to perform risk threat assessment. Without this means massacres will continue: 2hrs before police acted in Paris.

tells me strategy against ISIS is working and Paris, Sinai, Beirut attacks are not and will not become the new normal.

How Paris startups are picking themselves up after terror attacks  #startup #Paris #peaceforparis

While the Focus was on the Jihad in Paris, Barack Obama Did This!  via  ICYM this

Claim: Paris Terrorist Atrocity was a Big Oil Plot

Marqueze Coleman Paris: time of the shooting during the show at Le BataclanView:

John Kerry said he was shocked by what he saw in Paris. What has this guy been doing the last couple of years? #JohnKerry #ParisAttacks

Best caviars from our Partner Kaviari Paris, le caviar des chefs!please visit us at the IGEHO Basel Halle 1.1 Stand

Islamic extremism is more than ISIS. It's a worldwide phenomena, I think that has been forgotten in the aftermath of the Paris atrocity.

How wud troops on ground in Syria prevent attacks like the #ParisAttacks in any other country?How many Americans should die there?

Extra 'Cyber' budget to fund funding Crime , yet less Budget for frontline police to enforce law - that's the Proposal after Paris-go figure

1.Obama Doubles Down on ISIS Strategy After Paris Attacks2.Pakistan's Army Chief is in Washington

EastEnders praised for beautiful Islam message in the wake of Paris attacks

Belgium has charged 2 people in connection with the deadly Paris terror attacks, according to NBC News.

Abdelhamid Abaaoud, the alleged architect of the Paris attacks, was almost killed in a Western a  #Architecture

Photo by In memory of the victims of the Paris attacks at the base of the Statue de Marianne at the

Paris attack: Two suspected  Belgian arrested  Two accused have reportedly been detained in Belgium on doubt of

#NigerianDailyNews French police discover safe houses used by Paris attack suspects: Syringes fou  #World #News

BREAKING: German news agency dpa reports 3 people arrested near Aachen in connection with Paris attacks. | via

Hunt for Paris attackers ongoing as two are charged via

#CNN Source: France and allies tried to kill suspected attack mastermind previously: Paris (CNN) [Breaking new

London student arrested after #039;praising Paris terrorist attacks on Facebook#039; - Evening Standard

$XAUUSD Retreats as Investors Shift Focus Back to Fed From Paris

It must be possible for Bob to travel as a VIP. If Paris Hilton can bring her dog, Bob is not less worth travelling in great style!

Heart goes out to the people of #Paris when will this end?!

While France is now investigating the Paris attacks and working to prevent future attacks, the is working to prevent any #SyrianRefugee

The Paris bombing, may look like it was orchestrated in Belgium, but it was not. Need to look to Saudi Arabia, and others.

France and Belgium police launch manhunt for Paris attack suspects.

'You will not have my hatred': Husband of Paris victim tells ISIS on Facebook

all Paris terrorists were EU nationals not Refugees

While normally the show to write about today would be the amazing 11/17/97, in the wake of the attacks of Paris,

#USA #News: John Kerry: Syria Ceasefire Could Happen Within Weeks: PARIS (AP) -- A ceasefire  via

#rel195uvm #rel95uvm we'll do 15-20 min on Paris tragedy, then regularly scheduled programs (secular modernity  antebellum  US Islam)

Happens every day in #USA but says NO reasonable gun control but will exclude Syria Refugees because of #Paris #NotInMyName

AP: The Latest: German police say 3 arrested in connection with Paris attacks:

Kerry says Syria could be 'weeks away' from transition: Paris, Nov 17, 2015 (AFP) - US Secretary of State John

'Jane Got a Gun' French release date postponed after Paris attacks:

Obama, GOP battle over Paris attacks, Islamic State: The Paris terror attacks have generat  #politics #dem #gop

They're afraid. After Paris, can you blame them? Don't condemn, try to understand fear

Paris attacks: No security can stop Isis bombers..The Independent.Duplicity of all brought out!

Vigil held in #TheJungle in Calais by the refugees in solidarity with the people of Paris. #ParisAttacks

Charge of hypocrisy for Facebook users in wake of attacks in Paris and Beirut: Teitel  via

Paris Attack Could Renew Debate Over Encrypted Messaging Apps: The deadly terrorist attacks in Paris could rei

Do any of us get how much violence that Syrian refugees are trying to escape? The Paris event is a daily experience in their homeland.

#John Kerry says ceasefire in Syria potentially weeks away #jobs #500K #: #Paris: A ceasefire between Syria's

John Oliver Says What We Are All Thinking About Paris Attacks  via ijdotcom

Predictably the western propaganda media circus is in full swing over what happened in Paris on the night of the 13 November 2015;

The Belgian man suspected of being the plotter of the Paris attacks was a target of airstrikes on ISIS in Syria

for they pictures about people who dead from terrorists in Paris and russian fly in Egypt

Thanks for the feedback: UN Human Rights expert says Paris attacks 'may constitute crime against humanity' -

Is it the responsibility of the minority to also prove their trust to the maj.? Do they not already work enough to prove their worth? #Paris

Which attacks in WW2 Paris? Have you ever heard of the state of emergency from 1954-1962?

ISIS threatens to attack the US in similar ways to Paris through the refugee influx. Like what assholes.

England vs France: Roy Hodgson wants 'solidarity' between nations after Paris attacks #Business

We are all Parisians: love letter to France.  #Paris #France #travel

Anti-Migrant Mood Deepens in Europe After Paris Paris Attacks  via

In the wake of the upheaval in many areas of the world, and the most recent in Paris, we are wishing and giving

Love this 3 3 3 Shake your world up today at 8:40, 9:45, 4:10, 5:15 and 6:30! #purebarrefairfield #paris #ltb

must've a cosmic, Buddha-like calmness not2betray his outrag dastardly carnage in Paris committed in the name of a faith

Peace for Paris: storia di un instant logo

NYC Muslim taxi driver 'could not pick up fare after  Paris attacks'  via

With Paris in our thoughts, it happens Omelettes on the menu for this afternoon's cooking w a healthy twist 4-6.30pm

This week's was ON FIRE!!! One of their best episodes yet. #SinglesDay #Paris #FantasySports

Muslims threaten same Paris theater  in 2008

is urging people not to blame or reject refugees for the attack in Paris. #abc7now

Economic Briefing: Financial Markets Recover After #Paris Attacks

first court Bataclan Paris any hotels. and terrorist older been

(Paris attacks) Wary Belgians put more boots on streets: Belgium is to deploy up to 300 extra soldiers to help

ReTw jeremy6d:  Times Pulls Article Blaming Encryption in Paris Terror Attack

Please tell me,How your profile picture is going to save the Paris.

Paris is an Alpha global city. That's the difference.

After Paris Attacks, Beware Rush to Weaken Crypto  | GovInfoSecurity

After #Paris, it's time for a new version of #Islam it needs #reform urgently. Totally agree with this guy.. #Sisi

Paris attack witness says black Mercedes pulled up and shooters fired rifles

On another note, there were news abt a Muslim Security guard who prevented a suicide bomber at Paris Stadium. Am yet to see him on press 1/2

Was Paris only a test? Is something bigger being planned? Does Obama really care?  #tcot #ccot

Global Game Jam PARIS CITE DES SCIENCES  #paris

Photographer captures gunfight outside Bataclan in Paris  NYC next? who U gonna call? NYPD thats WHO,support THE NYPD

#NotInMyName: Muslims condemn attacks in Paris Sending much love to my Muslims friends ~K

Loyola U Maryland President Meets with Students in Paris | Inside Higher Ed

Netanyahu: In wake of Paris attacks, world should condemn attacks against Israel:  ISRAEL CARES ABOUT ISRAEL!

France launches new airstrikes on Syria, domestic anti-terrorism raids: Paris: France launched new airstrikes

#AU can help France defend herself against #ISS by expelling French military bases across Africa. Lads suntaning whilst #Paris under attack.

Paris attacks live updates: David Cameron makes case for bombing in Syria #NorthernIreland

Reacting not a strategy that the British public will accept. We can't have a Paris every year.

STATEMENT BY ACTING PRIME MINISTER ON TERRORIST ATTACKS IN PARIS, FRANCE:  via

Late night comedians get emotional about Paris [Video]: (Some strong language in the clip above.) Late night h

Election season and the Paris attacks have revived the apples-and-oranges debate over national security risks

I liked a video from  3 Key Ingredients for the COP21 Paris Agreement

#OpenFollow Justin Bieber pays tribute to Thomas Ayad who was killed in Paris attacks - Daily Mail  #beibers

Is the United States safe from a Paris-style Islamic State attack? -   via

Is the United States safe from a Paris-style Islamic State attack?

#Breaking Saudi Wahhabi dilemma in spotlight after Paris attack Read More :

if you support paris then also support russia and the victims of metrojet terror in the sky. #putin #metrojet

We send our thoughts and prayers to all of our friends in Paris after last weekend's tragedy. We still look forward to visiting soon!

Our great team in Paris keeps on producing diverse stories about the terrorist attack in Paris. Today: What the

do you think he'll be able to work with Russia to stop the terrorists that were involved with the Paris attack?

you dont bomb isis bases. you bombed more than hundred thousands innocent people inc kids for less than 200 people died in Paris.

Foda-se. Estou todo arrepiado. Atrvessou-se no YouTubeMGMT performs SOMEONE'S MISSING  - Paris, Bataclan 8/10/2010

We wish to express our deep solidarity with the families  friends of the terrorism victims in Paris and across the globe #UnitedWeStand

All the apologizing for Islam after Paris makes me sick to my stomach.

If Paris was like 26/11, Metrojet was AI Kanishka 1985.

The Paris attacks, Isil and their planned cyber attacks

CNN Living: #NotInMyName: Muslims condemn attacks in Paris: As the terrorist attacks erupted in Paris, people

AP: The Latest: German police question 3 people after tip that one of them might be involved in Paris attacks:

The faces of Benn and Burnham say it all as Corbyn stumbles through his Paris attacks statement to the House.

The Paris terror attacks and learning about love  on

no but you guys are talking about this more than the events in Paris and other tragic events around the world

warns there could be far-right protests outside mosques after Paris attacks.

Please join us tonight for a gathering of support and companionship for Paris. 7pm in our upstairs event room.

Eiffel Tower closes as staff want more security  #Paris #France #News

Really disappointed that shows are being cancelled/postponed this week after what happened in Paris. Exactly what they wanted to happen.

Paris Mosque Urges Muslims to Join 'Anti-Terror' Protest |  | Outlook Wires

Donald Trump thinks if there was more guns on the streets of Paris there would be less killedover to you Piers..

BBC reporter Graham Satchell breaks down during live TV broadcast at Paris vigil site by  via Ushome | Mail Online

Paris Attack Sparks Debate Over Special Operations Forces in Syria - Blog

DRUDGE NEWS: LOWRY: Paris doesn't need your hashtag 'heroics'  #Freedom

IS attack Paris.Far-Right, including #Ukip, attack Islam.Muslims, in fear, turn to IS.IS grows in power.Well done, #Ukip.

Joining on this morning at 10 AM ET to talk the latest on the Paris attacks  ISIS:

By Steve Gorman LOS ANGELES, Nov 16 (Reuters) - Fans of the California-based rock band Eagles of Death Metal, whose Paris show was turned

NFL Star-We Collectively Pray For Paris But Suspend Football Coach for Praying: 'We Must Choose' - CowboyByte

Terror in Paris was on Friday the 13th ISIS seems to love dates connected to horror. Obama should resign#StandWithParis

After Attacking Paris, ISIS Targets US White House  #TopNews

In the Wake of the Paris Attacks, More Moves Show French Declaration of War At Work

We don't give a hoot about Attacks outside the West: Did media ignore Beirut bombings? Or did readers?  via voxdotcom

#Blood donations up post #Paris attacks  Our #orms blood #supplychain research

28-year-old Salah Emad El-Gebali and 30-year old Lamia Mondegeur were killed in the Paris attacks.

Belgian connection to Paris attacks    | Time to sort it out both sides.

UKIP Nigel Farage Speaks About The Islamic Paris Attacks At Basingstoke Conference

Paris attack is the attack on Humanity: Anuja Kapur- Pocket News Alert |

Four days after the attacks at Stade de France, the French national soccer team takes the field:  #parisattacks

#IMCD launches its first lubricants laboratory in Paris, France

Yes,as it got one color world wide from PH to Ind to Gulf to USA to paris to Kenya to nigeira to Turkey

Via#BREAKING: Police: 16 people arrested in extremist crackdown in Paris area since Sunday. #Q13FOX

Paris attacks: terrorist's car was stopped three times by police, according to 'getaway drivers'

In spite of what is happening in Paris, I'm still going ahead with my plans of visiting the city next year. Together with my friend.

#nowplaying: Royal Music Paris - Spiritual Vibes

CNN: DHS intel assessment warned of alleged Paris ringleader

Cooperation beyond what is likely to be agreed in Paris will be needed to meet the #climatechange challenge

#BBC Former IS hostage Nicholas Henin has spoken to the BBC about the response to the Paris  #60plus #earthhour

Attacks on innocent people here is misguided  uneducated. They are victims of terror 2x.

Britain First Reacts To Paris Attacks With 'Ban Islam In UK' Policy At Their Annual Conference: A day after th

NCRI observes minute of silence in memory of victims of #Paris attacks

After the Paris Terror Attacks: A Drumbeat for Military Escalation and Internal Repression: In the days follow

The Science Of Why People Cared More About The Paris Attacks Than Beirut via /r/worldnews

After Paris: the enemies of humanity | By su

Teacher told a girl to shut door and she said no so the teacher responded with did you see what they did in Paris, they didn't close doors

Sikh wrongly branded as Paris terrorist in photoshopped photo that went viral  #viral

Marco Rubio: How Will The Paris Attacks Change The War On Terrorism? #TeamMarco #ParisAttacks

ABC US -  Police: 16 People Arrested in Extremist Crackdown in Paris Area Since Sunday

SEBHE: #SEBHEUPDATE Justin Bieber Writes Touching Note To Friend Who Died In Paris Attacks  [Via

Sky News: 'Syringes' In Hotel Room Linked To Paris Plot

Ash Carter: U.S. Shifted ISIS Approach Before Paris Attacks  #video [ad  ]

WGN terrorism analyst on latest in Paris terror attacks #news #Chicago

Paris attacks: Police search suspects' premises

Photos from Paris by Tyler Hicks, Tomas Munita, Pierre Terdjman and others   -nytimesphoto

BREAKING: Three arrested in Germany in connection with Paris attacks, German media (cont)

Netanyahu+Just+Responded+To+Paris+Terror+Attacks+In+A+Way+That+Only+Bibi+Can#8230;And+Obama+Won#8217;t

9/11, 7/7, Madrid Station - result of Iraq War, Paris is result of French government bombing ISIL - Yes? Why else?

I am not supporting terrorism for sure. In fact nobody is happy about what happened in Paris except the sick

salut JC, would you be available for an interview on paris later? can you send me an email to reach you at? Thanks

#france #paris Paris Attacks: Salah Abdeslam's Alleged Getaway Drivers Charged -  NBCNew

French #photograger Bettina Rheims signing her new book #Paris ~

horrible how they capitalized on the Paris killings. Can't believe my ears.Adam is ruthless. Even Blake chimed in #disrespectful

Preserves make perfect homemade #holiday gifts. shares 3 #recipes. TY Clotilde! Thinking of you  Paris

One last meetup this year, in Paris:  :)

Obama lands in Philippines on trade trip clouded by Paris attacks  via

Brennan: Paris Is A 'Wakeup Call' To Europe On Encryption - Defense One

Germany question 3 in relation to Paris attacks:

Thoughts? Mine is that Intolerance is not what, or who, murdered people in Paris.at least not the West's

Today, Paris, we speak to you from Pakistan: The words terrorism and fundamentalism are popularly associated w

People may say I am mad for urging no bombing, given what happened in Paris, but don't bring a Paris style attack to our door

Editorial: Slaughter in #Paris. West again challenged to defend its values.

An Taoiseach signed the book of condolences for the victims of Paris attacks #JeSuisParis

There will be another terrorist attack in paris after PSG signed Di Maria. you heard it 1st

Keith Richards and Justin Bieber remember record label manager who died in Paris attacks

Countdown to Paris: Fight climate change efficiently

.Oh!  a million prayers to the victims of the Paris attack,  a million more for every Muslim being wrongfully prosecuted  hated on

NYT Quietly Pulls Article Blaming Encryption in Paris Attacks   Twats

Video captured during Paris concert as shots ring out (VIDEO)  Jennifer Cruz

A powerful interview of a father and son at the scene of the Bataclan attacks in Paris.

My pleasure. My daughter is only 15th months so don't have to think about how I tackle this yet. Love to you and Paris!

Along with hundreds killed and wounded, the Paris attacks have had a multitude of indirect victims -- Syrian refugees seeking safety from

American states turn against Syrian refugees after Paris attacks: Nine US states are closing their doors to Sy

Paris gets a moment of silence, how bout syria? Iraq? Palestine?humanity as we know it is gone

After Paris: A World That Has Lost Its Ethical Direction and Spiritual Foundation (and a -

terrorists posing as Syrian refugees perpetrated Paris attack; how is wanting to not risk importing them to the US Xenophobic?

must say you act like a total #Plank on with BUT on serious topic (Paris) u show u r very professional Porky

Paris Attacks Truth: ISIS is a False Flag via #CorbettReport  via

Front Page Challenge takes a look at how the major dailies approached the news in Paris.

Did you know that 70% of Syrian refugees are adult male? That ISIS has recently terrorized Paris, bombed

Obama showed anger against Republican criticism of ISIS policy than #Paris terrorist attack. Shameful #setback?

While Paris leads, Burundi also bleeds - IOL News  WHAT A TRAGEDY IN DOUBLE STANDARDS OF VALUE ATTACHED TO LIVES.

Mosques vandalized, terrorized after #Paris terror attacks  #KHOU

Paris Attack Stirs Fears, But Strengthens Resolve - Yankton Press amp

#Anonymous declares war on Islamic State after #Paris attacks in chilling video: We will hunt you down #prayforparis

An inconvenient truth!!Disproportionate+coverage+of+Paris+attacks+is+not+just+the+media's+fault  via ConversationEDU

Airline stock slump temporary after Paris: Director  #money #stock #news #trading

Paris attack may renew debate on encryption - Columbus Dispatch

Paris attacks leave parents, schools with tough questions - The Killeen Daily Herald

was it you that was shouting during minutes silence for Paris last night in the Aviva ? #IREvBOS #Prayers4Paris

Things are still slow over here but Paris is recovering

The true martyrs of the Paris attacks were the victims themselves. Many were music lovers. We honour them tonight at Le Zenith. BigLove SR

Opinion: Paris attacks and commodities, history shows us what to expect - News for the Oil and Gas Sector

Variety - Paris Attacks: Greg Berlanti, Howard Gordon and More Weigh in on Impact on TV: In the wake of the te

Ally, when you cried in that interview about Paris broke me. You deserve the world Ally, we love you

Heading back to Paris So I won't. But I take back with me an incredible feeling that UK stands by us.

Chris Moncrief: Good riddance to bomber who was refused entry to stadium: The unspeakable atrocities in Paris

thank you! This:  Why Paris happened. #ParisAttacks

A poem in English for the victims at Place de la republic #Paris

In Wake of Paris Terrorist Attacks: States Shutting Doors to Refugees  #muslim #isis #islam

Okay. But the Paris attacker registered with the gov't, as best we can tell. He had a passport. These are arguments of degree.

EU backs French military aid after Paris attacks

Interesting read #UniteAgainstTerror. Why the West Stood in Solidarity With Paris, and not Beirut  via

I would like to take photos at the show in Paris!! My photo website is  How can i get a photo pass???

Did all muslims condemn Paris?I don't think so,did you even ask them.

Live Nation Will Increase Security at Venues Following Paris Terror Attacks

THE GOLDEN RULE, SUPPORT YOUR OWN FIRST.Police in a Paris suburb are facing the sack after blackening up their

Make sure to tune into Worldwide Exchange tomorrow morning. We'll be live from Paris as well as talking oil, biotech and Target earnings

I'm at the Eurostar terminal en route to Paris to spend the night wandering the streets making urban landscapes. Very few people travelling.

Editorial: In the wake of the Paris attacks, ignore the fearmongering

They're good lads - debating whether they had time for coffee, realsed they were out of fags. Very busy for them since Paris.

it is conflicting though since the attackers from Paris were blending in as refugees.

Paris attacks, Missouri U protests: The uses of propaganda  via

businessinsider: How Al Qaeda will benefit from the terrorist attacks in Paris

Unfortunate but understandable, Popular events linked to COP21 in #Paris probably cancelled #EarthToParis

Husband Of Paris Attack Victim Sends Defiant Message To ISIS - This one brought tears.

Prince #Alwaleed's #Kingdom Tower lit in red, white and blue after #Paris attacks.

Paris Attack Highlights Foreign Policy Experience, or Lack of It, in Republican Field

Video - The Quran and the Siege of Paris - David Wood - Answering Muslims

Latin American Herald Tribune - West was Plotting to Kill Alleged Mastermind of Paris Attacks

#cuba Raul Castro signs book of condolences after terrorist attacks in Paris: Cuban President Raul   #followeme

A stirring moment as a crowd in Paris vigil sings quot;Hallelujah.quot;

Paris demands EU military support for fight against ISIS: Greek Defense Minister Panagiotis Kammenos told repo

Consider $10 to help #Paris family. One small way to show support:

BRFTM NEWS gip commented on ChasinDatPaper's blog post ISIS Threatens Washington, D.C. With Paris Style Attacks

After Paris Attacks, Stop Vilifying #Refugees, via

Most-Wanted Suspect In Paris Attacks Speaks From The Trenches In Syria In March 2014: 'It's Nice

The reporting on the terrorists that attacked Paris on CNN right now. No one is in a position to adequately face this enemy.

i cannot understand how having a back door could have prevented the Paris attack

Germany Reconsiders Military Intervention in Wake of Paris AttacksConservatives: joining fight against IS

Since attacks what % of Paris-related tweets from prominent liberal commentators sympathize w/ France/victims vs Islam/refugees

RT  German police arrest five people in operation linked to Paris attacks - The Globe and Mail

The world knew when Paris was attacked but who knows that Syria was attacked by France?

Casualidad o causalidad? Jewish owners recently sold Paris's Bataclan theater. #fb

'Something from Dante's hell': harrowing details of Bataclan siege: Breakdown of standoff at Paris concert hall attacked by terrorist

Paris terror attacks pave the way for the march of the Far-Right: Le Pen demands 'immediate halt' to new migrants

I personally consider you one breath away from your last. Which is why I'm deeply saddened by the attacks in Paris and anyone that plays

So glad Justin Bieber is showcasing these amazing choreographers (Paris Goebel, Lyle Beniga, Ian Eastwood, Mari  Keone Madrid) in his MVs

After Paris: Reason, Faith And Love

Paris Attacks: Instant News Rarely Includes the Key Element of Perspective: When alerted to news of a fast-dev

LEFT BEHIND: THE PARIS ATTACKS AND THE NEED TO FUND A MASS INDEPENDENT AMERICAN NEWS MEDIA  via

UPDATE: Emotional Reunion As GeraldoRivera's Daughter Returns From Paris

Providence Business Collette taking 'proactive' approach following Paris attacks, anticipates more requests for

PRI: Paris and Beirut: A tale of two bomb-attacked cities

Don't ya just hate it when Muslim terrorists blow up Paris before you've even finished your victory lap? #tcot

Paris Attacks: Belgium cancel Spain friendly due to security concerns

20131119: Kirsten Sellars: German Aggression, Stillbirth of International Criminal Law, Paris Peace Conference

PRAY FOR PARIS ! Why just why can't people be nice

The Fuse | Paris Attacks, Western Response to Add to Market Turbulence

A Terrorist Attack in Paris, a World of Horrors, and the NEED FOR ANOTHER WAY  via

this is not funny anymore . We have to do something fast . They are already here and getting stronger . Paris is very scary

A bunch of gov agencies now use the tragedies in Paris as an opportunity to push mass surveillance laws  anti-privacy policies. Damn.

Why is South Dakota not taking a stand. Wake of Paris. No Syrian refugees.  #Paris #Daugaard #Michels #Jackley #Rounds #Thune #Noem

NEWS : David Cameron says the case for British military action against Islamic State in Syria has gained strength after the Paris attacks.

Former Manchester City player caught up in Friday night's terror attacks #paris #parisattacks  via

#Paris violence, Missouri mayhem are both too close for comfort.

CNN's paid propagandists!This CNN segment is everything wretched about our response to the Paris attacks  via

Mohamed Abdeslam, one of the suspects in the Paris attacks, worked in the municipal immigration dept.

An innocent Egyptian man injured in the Paris attacks was framed by the media as a suspect.  via

pretty much all of them have organic components except old-school stuff like Paris green.

Huge Network |  #Europe Police search Paris suspects' premises  #BBC #News #HNN

French police raid homes following Paris attacks  #video [ad  ]

Belgian suspect in Paris was target of strikes on ISIS in Syria

Before Paris and Beirut and that Russian airliner, Raqqa was being bombed and terrorized daily. Tens of thousands of civilians live there.

With the crisis in Paris, Facebook hauling in the money-stealing millions of video views w/proprietary video player

and they refused me to give shelter to a homeless person! After all Paris have been through lately, I'd of thought someone had

Imagine if there's no appetite 4 demo's in #Paris re: the crucial Climate Change Conf in Dec. What then the consequence of terrorism? #Cop21

VA|BESPOKE Intel: Prelude to Paris: Four Tragic Tactics by President Obama and Four Cli

#ReutersPolitics U.S. lawmakers want to pause refugee program in light of Paris attacks: Ryan: WASHINGTON (Reu

My response to all the religious war apocalypse showdown hubbub? A great big fat WHA?!?!!!#ISIS #Fatwa #Syria #SyrianRefugees #Paris

Debra J. Saunders - Paris a 'Sickening Setback' for Obama LOL- Obama is one big setback

Tribute to the victims of the cities of France and the world who died in the attacks in #Paris.  #IPrayForParis

#trendingnews After Paris attacks, a darker mood towards Islam emerges in France - Time

Watch a Father and Son Have a Touching Conversation About the Paris Attacks: A father and son interviewe  #news

It's safe to say it now: Paris #COP21 is setting itself up for failure on the order of Copenhagen #COP15. Rhetoric, logistics disaster.

Political author Gearoid O Colmain discusses the Paris attacks with //t.co/MWuMdsUuGE

Dalai Lama says God will not help us in the wake of ISIS Paris attack because 'humans h - Daily Mail

Paris Attack -- 10,000 line up to donate blood Find #health infographics at

Powerful  touching message! Husband Of Paris Attack Victim Sends Defiant Message To ISIS -

Briefers for Hse-wide classified session on #Paris: DHS Sec Johnson, FBI Dir Comey, NCTC Dir Nick Rasmussen..

Found no tweets condemning Paris attack..otherwise you are very quick to react !

Terror in Paris and Beirut: An ISIS Reading Guide  | Great variety of good sources

Many thanks, Sweet JEN !!! In France, we are very sad, cause of an awful Daesh attack in Paris ! Lol ! 128 deads, 350 hurted !

can i ask if that scene was added yesterday,because it was so topical,re horrific events in Paris

PARIS ATTACKS PAVE WAY FOR WORLD COU//t.co/twYjXtz7Ip

New Video Threatens Attack On DC As Pope Francis Talks World War 3  #ParisAttacks #Prayers4Paris #JadeHelm15 #UWEX16

Irish Times Letters: Terror attacks on Paris

Key facts from the article:1) Most of the terrorists in Paris were European, not Syrian. Only one Syrian

Paris attacks: German police make arrests  via

New post added at TUTUZ NEWS - U.S. lawmakers want to pause refugee program in light of Paris attacks: Ryan

WATCH: Pregnant Woman Saves Baby From Paris Terrorism by Hanging From 2nd Story Window

What to Look For During the Paris Climate Change Conference | IISD

Military campaigns can lead to more harm  suffering around the world,  make us less safe at home.  #Paris #Beirut

Minister says the tried to put her concerns ahead of condolences to Paris victims

Nice article John: ISIS Attacks in Paris

Let's pay more attention to what's going on in Paris instead of Charlie having HIV

European nationals attack Paris but Syria gets bombed in retaliation? *isconfused*

pray for the world and pray for humanity without it we're nothing #Paris #humanity #world #citizenofearth

Their god, allah, is NOT the Christian God whose name is Jesus! Husband Of Paris Attack Victim Sends Defiant Message

On Paris, the Bataclan and all the young Muslims who still wish to dance  via

Dear twittes we have wittnessed a terible teror atack on PARIS but the france govourment have now for

This is completely rediculous. #Islam or #Muslim is not about violence. PLZ be human. #Paris #ParisAttacks

Paris is always a good idea. -Audrey Hepburn #ParisJeTaime

Paris attacks: County journalist talks of how the city is trying to carry on as normal  #Herefordshire

Governors Yank Welcome Mat for Syrian Refugees After Paris Carnage | NBC New York  via nbcnewyork

The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, William and Kate, sign book of condolences after Paris terror attacks

All those making lives of innocent Muslims intolerable because of Paris attack, just know that ISIS doesn't give a shit about them!

I liked a video from  Paris Attacks 2015 Song - Stand by You Paris (From Me to You

So if all of the Paris attackers were European, why would you ban Syrian Refugees? Oh, political expediency, yes of course.

WAPost lame excuses - This is why the Paris attacks have gotten more news coverage than other terrorist attacks

1/2: At PC-CP working group plenary meeting today. We stood in respect for victims of Paris terror.

The news about Paris  Beirut last week was horrid; here's a good news story re people making the world better

'Screw them, we have champagne': Charlie Hebdo replies to Paris attacks: The following edition   #JeSuisCharlie

lowkey one of the paris suspects looks kinda like diplo

ATT is waiving charges for calls and texts placed from the U.S. to France after the Paris attacks:

Islamophobia is so real in this country. Always gets worse after events like Paris, too.

this twitter account is memorializing the Paris victims, including photos:

Really????? There has been a huge loss of life and many injured and traumatized in Paris! This is what u r talking about???

Bill is doing a great job from #Paris. His reporting is exceptional.

that's the sign of a false flag operationI don't doubt that Paris is a false flag

GCC foreign ministers condemn Paris terror attacks.

25000 refugees, expedited review process, little or no controls, Paris here we come #Paris #liberals #Canada PET II still not up to the job

Paris attacks: Five suspects arrested in Germany 'in connection to massacres' -  - #investor #stocks

Justin Bieber -- Loses Friend In Paris Terror Attack  Writes Heartfelt Message: Justin Bieber i  #MusicAreUs

After Paris attacks, Rubio hits Cruz on surveillance vote  #politics

Back to the bistro! Paris restaurants try to bounce back: French restaurateurs and cafe owners ar  #Moneymatter

The media paid short shrift to the Beirut attacks compared to the ones in Paris, but this media injustice was worse

I agree but we do tend to live in the moment! Paris is still so fresh !

some of the attackers in Paris made their way into France by hiding amongst Syrian refugees. This might be what he meant.

Pregnant Woman Survived Paris Terrorist Attack, Saves Her Baby by Hanging From 2nd Story Window: A pregnant wo

And how dare you show support for Paris. Showing support for Paris is an attack on my RELIGIOUS FREEDOM.

Republicans React To Paris By Declaring War On Religious Freedom  via

No of course not, but yes that , and 9/11, and 9/11 didn't wake you up, I don't think these Paris attacks will either.

French officials say they are seeking a second fugitive directly involved in the Paris attacks. (AP)

They were right about the Paris attacks, Netherlands should be on high defence IMO

VIDEO: Father, young son have sweet conversation live on air about Paris attacks  #13WHAM

Fox News' Bill Hemmer unloads on Obama after he calls ISIS Paris attacks as 'a setback', admits he has no

And anchor berates #Paris Muslim for not discovering what all of #France's intelligence failed to uncover.

Argument against refugees is factually flawed. Majority of terrorist in Paris attacks could've enter Canada as European tourists #cdnpoli

The Paris murders were inexcusable but there can be no justification for revenge attacks.

First photos of woman saved by hero who died taking bullet for her during Paris massacre  via

GER interior minister de maiziere says fugitive #paris attacker abdelslam was apparently not arrested during raids in germany near border

on #Periscope: Paris slowly returning to normal after #Parisattacks #euroscope #fb #westandwithParis

Which is that you, in a tweet, in context, cited the Paris attacks as a reason to be upset of the tone of the piece.

Off to ITV Wales to talk about Cameron's response to the Paris atrocity

ACCOUNT MANAGER:  (Based in Paris) Develop new business for global music provider! #musicjobs

Israel Using Paris Attacks To 'Declare War' Against Palesti  |

Brother of fugitive hunted over Paris attacks appeals to him to turn himself in

After #Paris attacks, Rubio hits Cruz on NSA surveillance vote #Florida #Floridasenator

KPLR: Doctored photo accuses Sikh man of being Paris suicide bomber

Blaming Snowden For Paris Is Typical Government Finger-Pointing, Says Glenn Greenwald

Paris Was Only a Test Says Former FBI Terrorism Expert  via all should be prepard

Yes, the Media Covered the Paris Attacks More Than the Beirut Bombing. The  - Slate Magazine: Slate Magazin

I wish Paris would bring me some shrimp rn

Yea but they'll do something eventually. Hopefully it is not as bad as Paris

Latest On Paris Attacks: French Warplanes Keep Pounding ISIS In Syria - NPR  #MvDint

Survivor describes what happened after gunmen stormed Bataclan concert hall during Paris terror attacks:

Re-examining Countering Violent Extremism Strategy After the Paris Attacks

Top story: After Paris, Encryption Will Be a Key Issue in the 2016 Race | WIRED  see more

They've always done that. What should surprise you is that they didn't launch an invasion into Palestine after Paris

A father explains the Paris attacks to his concerned son

Paris Attack Intensifies European Migrant Debate  geekkenya

Encrypted Apps Face Scrutiny Over Possible Role in Paris Attacks  Total distraction. Look at the root causes!

How to Survive the Paris Terrorist Attack - Psychology Today

Paris/Canada: Canadian Sikh photoshopped to look like a terrorist

French officials say they're hunting second suspect directly connected to attacks. No name. via

Car linked to terror suspect found in Paris: The manhunt intensified for Belgian-born suspect Salah Abd  (USTO)

Belgian Suspect in Paris Had Been Target of Strikes on ISIS in Syria - NDTV

When you let the Paris attacks breed hate for refugees, the terrorists win.

Coventry: Extra security for Coventry City game after Paris terror attacks  #coventry

Lucy Hale Sends Love to Paris After Attacks -

The Paris attackers basically targeted Millennials. How would we respond if this happened here?

The Mystery of Hope in #Paris (on lighting candles in the wake of tragedy), via

Germany arrests 'not directly linked' to Paris attacks The arrests of seven people in western Germany on Tuesday

Retweeted The New York Times What travelers can expect in Paris

Great piece on difference in media coverage of attacks on Paris and Beirut:

Mr #Netanyahu, #Paris is not #Israel, #Paris suffered like #Palestine, only partially.

Praying for paris and all those living with darkness in their hearts #parisattacks #prayforparis

Paris attacks vs Beirut: Experts discuss reasons for bias among #media  the public:  via

A correction following the Forbes report. Sony Offers Response to Claims PS4 Chat Was Used in Terror Attacks

See, it's not just me. What the Dalai Lama said when asked whether we should pray for Paris

#MSNBC Isis didn't surprise me one bit either with that attack on Paris. #ParisAttacks

Hollande urges lawmakers to extend state of emergency: PARIS - French President Francois Hollande, in a rare s

if you support BLM, which you obviously do, you stand by the statement f*ck paris

Hi Marion, it has been a few years that we met. meetparisians is a great idea. All the best to you and the city of Paris. Edgar

The love the self righteous sanctimonious crowd,we are up to three refugees in Paris at.

Toughen up, mom. People are being killed in Paris for no reason and you're mad about a pelvic thrust.

Paris explosives are a key clue to plot - CNN - CNN Paris explosives are a key clue to plot CNN When he was arr

How each late night show responded to the attacks in Paris.

#CBC 'We're at war and I'm a medical soldier': Doctor treated victims at 2 Paris terror attacks: Dr. Patrick P

Bicycle accident keeps Canadian woman away from attacked Paris restaurant: Last Friday, Rachelle Saevil and a

Paris attacks: France demands EU security aid, hits ISIS strongholds in Syria #global5005

27 states voice concern about admitting Syrian refugees via Illinois Review - Since the Paris

~~~ WoW- Top stories: Paris suspects, Putin vs. Syrian terrorists, AND Charlie sheen has aids. What the fuck!?!

Radio Havana Cuba | Official Death Toll in #Paris Terrorist Attacks Stands at 129:

At 5pm, there will be a moment of silence on City Hall Plaza in honor of those affected by the Paris attacks.

There's no vetting process that can prevent ISIS from infiltrating the refugees. One of the Paris bombers posed as refugee.

I think I saw that Horror Movie, it was set in Paris if I remember.

Jeremy Corbyn Responds to Paris Terror Attacks | Lorraine  via i support corbyn wth all my heart n wizdom

Following the tragic attacks in #Paris, some airports around the world have edited their color scheme. Story:

Faculty from to lead teach-in Wednesday on Paris attacks:

Charlie Hebdo, Twin Towers, Le Bataclan all changed owners weeks before attacks: one suspect at large ala Boston #similarities

Governors in 27 States Now Refusing Syrian Refugees Following Paris Attacks:  via

[Kurdistan] After Paris: victory to the Kurds

French authorities have identified a second fugitive suspect in the Paris attacks, while a German official says a

1/19/38 03:14:07?  A 23-year-old Windows 3.1 system failure crashed Paris airport  via

So I honestly don't understand why ppl talking bout Paris. Wtf Paris ever did for me? College got niggas starving and closing they mind

This video so important and heartening. Father and young son talk about the Paris attacks from

Just ppl like u  me Victims of the Paris Attacks: A Gallery

Cancelled. Sad for Paris. SO much to grieve.

Anonymous : ISIS Information. #Op Paris  via  WESTERN MEDIA  USA GOV'T LIES..WAKE UP!

Are people really shaming others for sending prayers to Paris? What's up with that? #prayforparis #griefshaming #saywhat

My Video Blog - 11/17/2015Obama - The Modern Day Neville Chamberlain #PJNET #TCOT #WAARadio #Obama #ISIS #Paris

Russian jet tragedy, Paris attacks show Islamic State's global reach

What should your firm do when a crisis hits (e.g., Paris)? Some great ideas here  #HR

Related to our earlier blog post about violence against Muslims in the aftermath of Paris:

If you want to show solidarity in a meaningful way:  Book a trip to Paris

Paris attacks: German police arrest five, link not ascertained yet

The umpteen-thousandth meditation on Paris and Peace

#NotInMyName: Muslims condemn attacks in Paris  #ParisAttacks moment 2:44,18 #novembre 2015

she brought Paris into this. I simply asked did everyone forget about Missouri

everyone was praying for Paris, Syria and some other counties but Russia. it's okay. totally fine.

Hmm, turns out that the attacks in Paris were not perpetrated by anyone from Syria.Blocking refugees from Syria

Yes i attack paris dont worry im going attck the whole world -isis

The myth of Zouheir, a 'hero Muslim security guard' in Paris. Well, Zouheir isn't muslim AND wasn't there. FFS.

Rumour: Paris Saint Germain's Salvatore Sirigu interesting Newcastle United?  #nufc #PSG_inside #EPL #Ligue1

In one week in America more veterans will commit suicide than people killed in Paris.  #DrugThemToKeepThemQuietTillTheyTakeTheirLife

Indian Quote,' whn wolf starts runing 2wards cities,he will die' ISIS programd Paris evil.Pay price.Kill thm without pity,fear,remorse1

The overlooked consequences of a post-Paris attack war footing

one of many barbian and savage crimes done by europeans to muslims in thier own countries#ParisUnderAttack #Paris

Nervous Paris? The Eiffel Tower didn't open today. Then reports of a bomb scare. Just been there. All normal.

How ISIS Picks Its Suicide Bombers;Michael Weiss #paris

People are sharing the attack on the students in Kenya trying to make a point about Paris. That happened in APRIL  it was all over the news

#ISIS' #Paris attacks mastermind Abdelhamid Abaaoud boasts about crossing #EU border -

Benjamin Fulford: Paris psy-ops is part of ongoing moves towards world government  via

Petition: Don't let Paris attacks lead to more war

Loved her in Midnight In Paris and will always remember Mean Girls too.

VIDEO: Abdelhamid Abaaoud alleged mastermind behind Paris terror attacks:  #PrayForParis

Paris was a test. Note that ISIS threatens DC: They have never made threats they didn't act on

Good read: Paris attacks reignite debate over over tech giants' #encryption practices  #digital

France: Number involved in #ParisAttacks still not known.Known: Attackers were #SyrianRefugees.

French police search hotel used as base for Paris attack -

I HATE ISIS!  HEARTBREAKING FOR BABY TO LOSE MOTHER: Husband Of Paris Attack Victim Sends Defiant Message To ISIS

$MT Paris Terror Attacks Put French Stocks, ETF in Focus

Have y'all seen the video on YouTube when Hov and Ye did Niggas in Paris back to back 11times !?!? It was HYPE every time !!!

Seven held in Germany in Paris attacks probe via

Charlie Hebdo defiant over Paris attacks: 'We have champagne!'  via

Don't blame the refugees they came to Paris to avoid situations like Paris, damn it!

Paris Terrorist Attacks Ratings: Cable News Viewership Surges | Variety

Test Where 2016 candidates stand on Syrian refugees after Paris attacks - CBS News: CBS NewsWhere 2016 ca  Test

A message of support to the people of Paris from the people of Pakistan!

i'm tired of politicians competing over who feels the worst about what happened in paris

Paramedics need awareness training on these hazards.  Paris attacks explosive is easy to make and very unstable

PICTURES: German PEGIDA Patriots March In Solidarity With Paris, Call For End Of Migration  via

Don't forget to write some little tweets, when you'll arrive in Munich and in Paris ;3; Or leave some messages on FB

Paris climate deal will be legally binding, EU insists  (but what does it mean?)

Classmate recalls Paris suicide bomber as 'shy an  #topstory |

Man arrested in UK for praising Paris attacks on Facebook | Business Standard News

confirms that UK foreign office has also issued a travel advisory against Paris after terrorist attack  #EatTweet

#Republican Candidates Want To Block Syrian Refugees After Paris Attacks #jobs #money #work #: Republican pres

The Paris Tragedy and the End of Strategic Thinking

Paris Suspect Still At Large After German Raids; Detainees Released: Police raids in the hunt for a fugitive suspect in the Paris att

Corbyn condemned as an apologist for terrorists by LABOUR MPs in row over 'shoot to kill'  cause of Paris atrocity

Powerful piece by Paris and the fall of Rome

..What a daft headline/comment..Paris is not, or was not, a war zone till last Friday.. Sadly Syria has been one for 4 years.

Just for anyone who isn't clear; your local Muslim fella from ballykeel had nothing to do with Paris

Paris Jihadist boasts of freely crossing Europe's border #PJNET #tcot #ParisAttacks

#Sport - England vs France LIVE score: Paris attacks victims remembered News and pict

#Eonline #TopStory Kate Middleton and Prince William Pay Condolences to Victims of Paris Attack  #CelebRSSFeeds

Paris attack doesn't help to boost oil price. Analysts said it will take longer to recover. #OSIF15F  via

Absolutely devastating what's happening these days it's like humanity has no place in the world anymore, sorry 4 ur loss Paris #PrayForParis

Hey Bill how's it going? I want to commend you guys for NOT doing a live show on Friday due to the Paris attacks. #UndateableLive

Our Best Wishes For Tonight in Paris #BigLove to you #BigLoveTour

I'm waiting for to blame the Paris attacks on Christians.

Fuckingggg hell how many terrorist cautions/attacks have been prevented since the Paris incident it's mad

Anti-Semitic Conspiracy Theories Crop Up In Wake Of #Paris Attacks

How fucking dare Corbyn say about the legality of bombing Isis in Syria where was the legality of the cowardly attacks in Paris #corbynout

Anyone blaming President Obama  for the Paris attacks might as well be part of Isis.

Paris Attacks: How To Invest In The Fight Against Terrorism via

short covering, but why did you ascribe it to Paris when it appears that group of disappointed sellers is relatively small?

Interesting find Paris Attack Witness Describes Gunmen As White, Muscular, Clean Cut Merc  via

Yoo wtf The bombing in Paris is fucking up all the games

Does explain why they targeted Paris.

Germany v Holland friendly cancelled after suspiscious suitcase found in the stadium. Bloody Hell: Sign of things to come ? #Paris #Defiance

otiose94: #USA, Founding Fathers of #War via johnnycigar1  #ParisAttacks #Paris

Change in tone of media coverage after Paris terror attacks via

From earlier. I wrote about Paris, and our response to acts of terrorism.

.#Speculate?! Obama uses Post Paris Muslim Terrorist Attack Statement 2 Scold US make sure No One Blames Islam. #SetBack  #DAESH #Jihad

Beliefs are true or false; desires appropriate or not. With Paris cruelty, hatred is entirely appropriate, whether pursued in action or not.

Is it just me or doesn't Paris show that no govt is prepared to combat this terrorism without so many more people losing their lives?

euronews: Paris attacks give momentum to fight against ISIL

Paris: from barkeeper to suicide bomber:  via#FranceAttacks

BBC reporter breaks down during live broadcast in Paris God bless Graham - reaction rooted in humanity and love

Paris Attack Shows Why Al Qaeda Might Have Been Right About ISIS All Along: BEIRUT -- At this point, there are

My response to Isis, Syrian Refugees,  The Paris Attacks

My brother is canceling his trip to Paris with his girlfriend because France has now declared war this is all so fucked up.

Thanks for keeping us updated on Paris attacks

Cameron exploits Paris tragedy to recruit more spies, and hints at fast-tracking of #IPBill . Pls share!

Charlie Hebdo Releases New Paris Attacks Cover Drawing

Pulitzer winner Mike Keefe on the Paris attacks.

nothing's even happened! This always happens after something big like Paris there just being cautious.

The Attacks in Paris Reveal the Strategic Limits of ISIS -   good primer on regional geopol.

PARIS was attacked on Friday by ISIS. French Govt sent its ships to Syria on Monday w/o world approval to destroy ISIS. We need to do same.

its horrible what happen in Paris taylor.that place was peaceful an also beautiful.Lt

Via Where 2016 Candidates Stand on Syrian Refugees After Paris Attacks  #leadership

Paris attacks: This is what it's now like to be a gay Muslim on Grindr -

56% say bringing syrians makes america more dangerous. and that poll from before paris!

Perkins, A. (2015). ''How to talk to your children about the Paris attacks'' Retrieved from  #wcim1516

Why not have Obama simply call Donald? #Syria #Paris

tomorrow I will cancel my subscription after years. How dare you send me a political email about the Paris atrocities. Disgusted

A great piece by on the recent Paris attacks: Don't give ISIS what it wants:

anxiously awaiting news for travelling to sharm. No updates since Mon 9th Nov. Poor show given the atrocities in paris

Europe is going crazy after the #ParisAttacks Meanwhile in America we are dealing with idiots in #BlackLivesMatter saying F Paris. #insanity

they don't value life, they are proud of Paris attacks like its some achievement! They would take a bullet in the head for jokes

Music For Healing: After the attack at a concert hall in Paris, this week's All Songs offers a  follow

Yeah, I changed it Friday, in support of all of the victims in the Paris attacks.

But the ones that they have in their living room won't be carrying bombs.we don't need Paris played out in America.

The Paris bomb has created enough scare and panic already.

France launched a major air attack against ISIS after the terror in Paris  via

Stade Francais have postponed their Champions Cup match with Munster in Paris at the weekend.

actually it's a load of shit. The vine going around is old. Nothing to do with the Paris attack

French fans have unfurled a banner in tribute to Paris victims at Wembley.#EngvFra

Hate-crime attack in wake of Paris terrorism doesn't represent #Toronto: Mayor John Tory  #TOpoli

Today's [recorded before Paris attacks] anti-ISIS campaign expands

[HD] X Factor - Paris terror attacks - Saturday 14 November 2015  via

Does Paris Deserve All of This Attention? -

Your failed policy and incompetent leadership gave us Paris and Beirut.

So ok, France is pissed because of the incident in Paris, right? So they have started heavy bombing of Raqqa for

Breakfast in Paris lunch in Rome dinner in Spain

Choosing Love in a Season of Fear: New England Quakers Respond to the Paris Attacks | NEYM:

Exclusive: Paris attacker may have had accomplice on journey through Balkans: BELGRADE/ATHENS (Reuters)   #news

Rigorous reportage in #Paris ! Coming home with the realisation how fragile life is ! Love n live friends ! Be safe.

,Is He Talking about the Paris Attacks ?

This was tweeted Nov 11 and the attacked occurred on Nov 13. This account predicted the Paris attack no joke.

God, Cats And The Garden.: Paris Attacks Special Report: Paris Defiant

Paris hotel rooms booked under the name of Islamic State jihadi Abdelhamid Abaaoud.

Thanks you for your solidarity, your support, with Paris with France, we will never forget. #PraysForParis

Father's Talk With Son About Paris Attack Goes Viral via nbcnews

Today paris birthday lol she was turnt this morning.

Florent Groberg, Zionist Agent  the Fraudulent Medal of Honor Story Day Before Paris Terror Hoax

Photographer covers West Africa for AP. He was in Paris Friday night during the terrorist attack ::

mashable: 1923 Paris, with some of the earliest color photography.

4 men  1 woman in #Hannover who wanted to set off explosives on the run  !! #Germany #ParisAttacks #Paris

A love letter to Paris.One of the very best intro scenes of all time. I re-watch movies while I do the hours

Today: Ravenna, OH - Nov 17 at The World Famous Paris Inn

Bloody good effort by the Wembley crowd very emotional  #paris #wembley #EngvFra

Thank you Wembley ! Let's stand together against terror. Paris is alive ! #Marseillaise4Paris

Well played football. Bloody well played. #EngvFra #Paris

In shadow of Beirut and Paris terror attacks, UN Security Council discusses  - UN News Centre  #un #unnews

When will MSM start back reporting our News  stop using Paris as distraction  to attack POTUS.

Extra:   Egyptian Director Mohamed Diab on Facing Racism, Standing With Paris

#ITAROM partake in a minutes silence in memory of the victims of the Paris attacks

Go Local Spotlight: on performing in Paris

#LCFC #LeicesterCity Leicester Receive Advice Following Paris Tragedy

Watch how Paris bomber sneaked into France posing as Syrian refugee

Video Turkish soccer fans chant allahu-Akbar at Paris victims:#Yale #Ontario #Vancouver #NYC #Newjersey #Boston #EU

looks like u don't  give a single fuck about what happened in paris #commercial4ever

Some Question Facebook's Response To Paris Tragedy - Newsy

#'An act of war': How the Paris attacks could change NATO's role in Syria #jobs #500K #: French President Fran

Two places I used to live in Paris in relation to latest abandoned terrorist car found at Place Albert Khan.

The Afternoon News: Stop wandering seniors, Essex woman shares her Paris story, busting immunity myths

I'm so sad right now, I won't be able to see you guys sing in Paris !

What is news? Why has the Paris attacks gotten more news coverage than other terrorist attacks? Analysis from

Paris terror attacks: Parisians seek answers as they mark second terror strike this year

guys im seriously freaking out they tried to bomb the stadium in Hannover they bombed in Paris Im afraid to even go out again

ISIS refugees n Paris killed the men  raped the women. Backward Obozo got excited, he thought they raped the men, he was headed to Paris

When people think changing a picture of them to a Paris flag means we ended terrorism your wrong get a life #PrayForTheWorld

Everywhere people complaining about people posting over paris and It really pisses me off. Even under posts from people who survived this

Things that aren't funny:Paris attacks9/11Feminism

Why the hell do all the channels here fly so called news anchors to Paris..GHOULS. We don't need them there we know what happened. #pathetic

2m Officials: Cell phone believedused by Paris attacker found;contains message to the effectof: 'We're ready'. TO DIE?

Twitter account sends hourly tributes to each Paris terror attack victim       {dailymail}

Latest: Paris Attacks: why are islamic terrorists so numerous and active in Belgium?

A MUST WATCH: The most precious father/son conversation re: the Paris attacks

Oh, the memories. // Watch This Med Student Get Harassed at the Movies Because of 'What Happened in Paris'

we don't. With what just happened in Paris, and some entering as refugees, u don't think they should be ?

Grieving husband of Paris victim tells ISIS terrorists: 'You will not have my hatred'

#WimWenders last chances! PARIS, TEXAS Wed 6:10pm + WINGS OF DESIRE Thu 6:10pm

2 days after Paris, Obama releases Gitmo prisoner who's a 'mid-level threat' to 'allies and

Nice talk with Sarah Walker of on the impact of Paris attacks  Muslim stance

Cell phone believed to have been used by Paris attacker recovered:   #Plse RT

Interesante: Did this Twitter bot predict the Paris shootings 2 days before they happened?

Soccer unites: Wembley sings Marseillaise in Paris tribute#LFN

'Intelligence failures' let France's most wanted escape after Paris attacks: analysis

Post-Paris we have to learn to live with uncertainty. But that's always true  Post by

flights to Paris are obviously being refunded are they? In the spirit of decency and solidarity etc.

Did you feel the pain in Beirut ?or just Paris.

I pray for the Syrian people as well as the Paris victims and people. But Muslim and Syrian people aren't all terrorists.They are PEOPLE too

This map puts terrible Paris attacks into perspective on the world scale. I'm not convinced more bombing will help.

Some clear thinking from about the Paris attacks |

Can't watch this game with the same passion as usual great football rivalry pails into insignificance after Paris attacks !#ParisAttacks

you batted for 4 maya ladies,have they resigned! u  cover news of PARIS by standing in the streets of London.shame on ur reportng

Latin American Herald Tribune - Paris Terror Suspect Believed to be near King Baudouin Stadium in Brussels

Sarah, who is a Muslim, explains from #Paris that ISIS is not a representation of her religion. Her story tonight.

PARIS YOU CUNT IDC OF YOURE AWAY RN! I NEED YOU SO ANAWER YOUR FUCKINF TEXTS

Husband of Paris victim sends defiant Facebook message via /r/worldnews

Darkness fills the stadium of light in Paris I once knew - A  good piece by

In Pictures: Wembley pays tribute to the victims of the Paris terror attacks

Worth to see! Stephen #Colbert delivers moving #monologue on #Paris

If you blame every muslim or islam for the Paris attack UNFOLLOW ME

Reuters Poll: After Paris, Americans see Trump, Clinton as most able to address terrorism

#yola i hope we get the the no and data of people that died because of their family, paris gave her own under 24 hrs

Club Wembley mob there, dancing on the graves of the #Paris dead

#SHOGBO Justin Bieber Pens Message to Friend Killed in Paris Attacks  Please RT

#BREAKING Video confirms existence of ninth attacker in Paris: police sources (AFP)

The Paris terror suspects reportedly rented an apartment in a suburb near the city for a week prior to the attacks, according to French

Somalia Submits its Climate Action Plan Ahead of 2015 Paris Agreement

Congressman: To stop ISIS, let's shut down websites and social media  by thanks #paris #isis

Have you explained to these Rep Gov's that Paris attackers aren't Syrians, nor refugees.

Paris attacks: Salah Abdeslam's brother urges him to surr  |

Good job by the  the u.s government after the attacks in Paris #CharlieSheen was the perfect distraction so refugees can come!!

I just don't get why the guy Paris is looking for was arrested in 2010 with his friend for robbery like why is he still out here fam

In light of recent terrorist attacks in Paris, Beaver Stadium and the BJC will have increased security this weekend

Nathan Smith discusses the Paris Attacks in Foreign Affairs Scope

ISIS's goal is to make you scared. The media's goal is to make profit by showing you terrifying footage from Paris over and over again.

This is an amazing clip. How we got to #Paris.  #Obama brought all of this about.

Latest From The Net Anonymous goes to war with ISIS over Paris attacks

Republicans In Congress Call For Pause In Refugee Resettlement: In the aftermath of the Paris attacks, Republicans in Congress are se

#Anonymous goes to war with ISIS over Paris attacks

BREAKING: French police find room where 8th attacker is hiding. It's a mirror. We're the 8th attacker. It's us.

Vindicator interested in Valley residents in Paris -

Video: Wanted Paris Terrorist Bilal Hadfi  pledged allegiance to Nigerian terrorist group Boko Haram

Is Kerry's comments referring to the random Kosher Supermarket attack too ?

Paris is the city of lights. Everywhere, we know that light will never die. Send u love and support

UN rights expert: Paris attacks may be crimes against humanity

Also: Property tax elimination proposal / Best, worst Black Friday deals / Security in wake of Paris attacks /

In the wake of recent attacks in #Paris  #Beirut, I pray that we continue #interfaith unity

France pulls 'eerie' jihadist thriller from cinemas: PARIS - A film about a wave of jihadist attacks on Paris

you can make a #Paris tribute video at  by using the Paris concept here's an example

BANK #ROBBER #HERO: Paris attacker may have had accomplice on journey through Balkans: BELGR  #middleton #leeds

November 8, 2011: Selena leaving NRJ Studios in Paris

Beautiful memorials outside the Bataclan night club in #Paris:

Girls Clothes Disney Minnie Mouse Long Sleeve Top Age 6  #eBay #girls #disney #Paris #fashion #Xmas #Christmas

After Paris attacks, English soccer fans salute France by roaring out the  - Reuters

I would point out that none of the Paris bombers were Syrian refugees. All were French or Belgian born.

Oh christ, the Facebook fuckwits are out in force again this eve. Apparently 9/11 was a conspiracy and so were the Paris attacks. Twats.

#Engadget : Anonymous goes to war with ISIS over Paris attacks: In the wake of ISIS' coordinated attacks on Pa

Stephen Colbert shares his tribute to Paris that will move you into laughter

#BryanMacDonald:#Putin,#Russia and the #West - After #Paris  #Sinai,#G20 summit is bad news for #ISIS terrorists

Christians Debate State Bans on Syrian Refugees after Paris Attacksvia

Local Student Gives Personal Account of Terror Attacks in Paris

Read the powerful tribute to the beloved wife and mother Helene Muyal-Leiris who was murdered in the Paris attacks.

I liked a video  Gesaffelstein emotional ending, moment of silence for Paris Folsom SF

Paris attacks: Hollande upstages opposition - BBC News

Super Bowl security could be adjusted after Paris attacks -  #security

Lassana Diarra plays for French national team days after cousin dies in Paris attacks

CNN Politics: Paris explosives are a key clue to plot: French prosecutors say the bombs used in the terrorist

Paris video 'shows ninth attacker'  via BBC

Articles: A Mocking Attack by Muslim Fighters in Parisby J. Robert Smith

So far, only 1/3 of the #Paris suspects known to have entered posing as #Syrian #Refugees. Let's throw open our border. What could go wrong?

pays tribute to his friend lost in the Paris terror attacks.

He sees rationale in a terrorist attack??? WTF

This is what a Charlie Hebdo cartoonist drew after the second Paris attack  Right on

#depraved Kerry sees 'rationale' in Charlie Hebdo murders, unlike Friday's attacks in Paris  #tcot #tpp wow

St Pancras outside MS Unoccupied  I've been here 10 mins#Paris, what's going on!! 17/11/15 21.58

Paris Nude  White Dress With Fabric Tie

These Powerful Drawings Pay Tribute to Paris and Its Victims by  via

1 more time, thanks England for these tributes. It was a great evening in Wembley. #ENGvFRA 2-0 #London #Paris #United

Folks I've found the worst vegan take on Paris

Tonight's #EngvFra match showed the power of sport to bring people together. Very moving to watch #Paris

The Paris Attacks: What to Say? What to Think? What to Do?: Kamel DaoudAn Algerian writer ponders the brutal a

thanks for sharing, Paris! Probably as close to Ireland as I'll ever get. I'm glad you got to take the tour!

Moussa Sissoko part of a moving show of solidarity at Wembley - as Newcastle United plan to mark Paris tragedy

We participated! Went to Soya for great vegan food near two restaurants that were attacked. #tousaubistrot

#boston city hall lit up in the colors of the French flag in wake of the attacks in #Paris

Kenyan Citizen Reflects On World Reaction To Terrorism In Paris And Kenya : Goats and Soda : NPR

@highlight

Official says at least 140 dead in Paris attacks; 8 assailants killed.

@highlight

Paris police says there were three attacks. Attackers reportedly used AK-47 automatic weapons.

@highlight

The Paris attacks began w/ the explosion at Gate J of the Stade de France.

@highlight

Eagles Of Death metal crew member dead in Paris attacks.

@highlight

The players will wear a black ribbon on their shirts to honor the victims and families in Paris.

@highlight

American states turn against Syrian refugees after Paris attacks: Nine US states are closing their doors to Syrian.