Hahaha no Paris till they upgrade to at least Windows XP

Oilsands companies eye ways to adapt to a post-Paris, low-carbon world: Paul Haavardsrud

Cant say TSA cause bags disappeared in Paris. We just heard 1 more bag found and flying in tonite. In NBO they have places to

Manhunt at Paris Road was part of heroin and weapons investigation

Take a look at our favourite shots from #CanonEXPO Paris over on our Facebook page!

Tresor Paris TOWIE Fashioned Up Of Unnatural Good as gold Stones - In the ancient upper tertiary,

IN DIRETTA su #Periscope: live from Moulin Rouge - Paris

REIGN Sneak Peek: Will a Trip to Paris End in Disaster?

Got another day in Paris lucky me so tired though

ESSAI PARIS ! Encore une superbe offload de Parisse #LEIvSFP

Meet the Indiana Delegates headed to Paris Climate talks Denise is honored to join

The NZ Youth Delegation will be in Paris to ask for a fair, ambitious and binding climate agreement!!! #WhyImWatching #climatechange

#BREAKING: Several people killed, at least 7 injured in #shooting in Paris restaurant: France's BFMTV

Shooting in Paris here we go again .

Report: Explosion, gunfire reported in Paris#BreakingNews #France

Andrea - Katherine Jenkins -  I Believe -   Classical ONE Paris   Listen Now -

algore: Thank you duranduran for performing live in Paris at #24HoursOfReality. You were tremendous! Join us here:

How can this happen in Paris. They killed Jihadi John. That was the end of that group, right ??

#FossilFuel Industry Bad Behavior in Spotlight During Run-up to Paris #Climate Negotiations  via #COP21

3 shooting attacks in Paris rn. What the fuck is happening ffs?!?!

Shootings and casualties in Paris! Retaliation for today's events?

ALLEZ. ENCORE UN TRUC A PARIS.

Horrible news from Paris. Another gun attack with explosions.

BREAKING NEWS: Machine gun fire heard in central Paris  via

Wow reports of a mass shooting in Paris. Gunman opened fire in a restaurant. Several reported dead.

#BREAKING:Police report explosion in a bar near Paris stadium, shootout in restaurant, ambulances on site; fatalities reported.

That's horrific news coming out of Paris

A third shooting is happening NOW in Paris !!!

Paris shootingsjust breaking and it sounds grim.

at least 3 shootings in downtown Paris right now

Coordinated restaurant shootings in Paris? I'm getting my angry on now.

Have you heard of the walking guide or blog called No Worries Paris?

After Charlie, after Beirut, Paris again. Triple shooting in the heart of Paris. Explosions at the Stade de France. #terrorism

Yikes. Shootings in Paris and explosions near the stadium?

BREAKING RIGHT NOW: PARIS (AP) - 2 explosions heard from Paris stadium during France-Germany football match.

Shooting in a Paris restaurant. Fuck sakeeee.

BREAKING: Multiple fatalities reported in Paris attack.

Gunman opens fire in Paris bar, killing at least 2 and injuring 7, French media reports

French media are reporting a shooting in the 10e arrondissement in Paris. We'll have more details as they become available.

URGENTSeveral dead confirmed says APFrench police report shootout and explosion in Paris

Paris story broke 45 mins ago. No mention on Moments. Where is this news channel you talk of?

Crazy shit happening in Paris. Could be affecting the France - Germany game!

#BREAKING 2 explosions heard from Paris stadium during France-Germany football match (from

Reports of a shooting at a restaurant in Central Paris. Explosions also reported. 9News

#Parisshootings many sirens in the center of Paris, situation confused. At least 2 different shootings and explosions near Stade de France

I just saw on yahoo that there was an explosion n shoot out in Paris, please tell me that the guys are OK

Paris under attack right now multiple explosions.

seeing reports of a shooting in Paris, stay safe please!

PARIS #terrorist attack. Killed at least 15 next #stadiumfrance during #France #Germany football game.

French police report shootout, explosions in Paris

Four confirmed dead and 'numerous wounded' in series of attacks around Paris tonight. Anti-terrorist police everywhere.

Shooting in paris, France president evacuated from stadium.

I mean, it's hard to believe the two events are disconnected in Paris, but they COULD be

#BREAKING Several people killed, others injured in Paris, France shooting. Explosions reported at 2nd location

Shootings explosion reported in eastern Paris

Bomb threat hits German football team in Paris

Gunfire erupts in Paris restaurant, explosions near stadium  |

There has been an explosion in a bar near a Paris stadium and a shootout in a Paris restaurant, police say

So uh..it's shit in Paris..

Multiple shootings in central Paris with reports of 4 dead, several injured #fusillade

Prayers for everybody in Paris during what seems to be an ongoing situation.

Terrible scenes from Paris mass murders

Stay safe Paris. Thoughts and prayers.

I can't believe this is happening in Paris

reports several are dead after shooting incidents in Paris.

Wonder if the murderers in Paris practice the religion of peace?

Breaking news: ABC news confirms with police source 3 explosions near French National stadium outside central Paris.

shooting in Paris from the same terrorist the attack in Lebanon are going to blow how

Can Mata get on his helicopter and get Martial out of Paris asap?

#TwitchyTeam Report: Injuries, fatalities following Paris shooting, explosion; Purported eyewitness tweets: Pl

Doesn't sound good? Paris under siege by the looks!

Saddened to hear of the shootings in Paris. Thoughts are with those involved

TOUS LES MECS DE PARIS RESTER A L'ABRI LES TIREURS CONTINUENT ET SONT TOUJOURS DANS LES RUES.

ATAC ARMAT LA PARIS. FRANCOIS HOLLANDE EVACUAT DE URGENTA

some shit went down in Paris.

We're all on Twitter, so see the same breaking news, but thoughts to those in Paris. Sounds terrifying. Obviously

#BREAKING: Agence France-Presse quotes police in Paris saying at least 18 people are dead. Via

Reported Paris shooting/bombing with at least 18 dead.  What is the world coming to?  So far 3 different incidents

I want to cry now.. I just know a person in Paris and she's safe but I just..

CNN is saying a hostage incident at one of the Paris shooting locations (grain of salt)

. is Periscoping live from Paris. Horrific chaos:

Paris news is just horrible tonight. It's terrifying really.

Horrible news coming out of Paris around the France v Germany game tonight.

Got an English language stream of the game in Paris. Not one mention of what's happening outside.

Gun Battle Breaks Out In Paris: 'There's also word of an explosion at the site'

reporting of hostages in Paris at Bataclan. Praying for the city. Sounds horrible.

The French police have announced 18 people have been killed in multiple shootings around Paris. Killers still at large. Shockingly sad.

Its warfare on the streets of paris tonight. gonna get my arse outta here cops everywhere.

BREAKING: Hostages taken at Paris Bataclan concert hall, police say.

BREAKING (AP): French police: Multiple acts of violence in and around Paris, several dead.

Just watched Bob Mintzer and trio (including Nicolas Folmer) do a sick set at Duc Lombar. Paris? Lets have babies.

The France-Germany game in Paris has about 10 minutes remaining. Stadium still full.

AFP saying hostages taken at concert hall in Paris

18 people my heart goes out to them. stay safe everyone in paris

UPDATEFrench media: At least 18 killed in multiple shootings, explosions in Paris

Reports of multiple acts of violence in Paris even it seems hostage taking

Hostages taken at the Bataclan concert hall in Paris, as the terrorist carnage around the city continues - police

I'm closing Tweetdeck for an hour or two so that I miss all the false rumors about the Paris attack  get real info later.

I never watch the proper news but this stuff in Paris is crazy, hostages now?

Another shooting in Paris absolutely devastating

omg the news from paris is so awful

I've just seen someone doing a facebook post of them being 'Paris' and the two of them smiling

What the fuck Paris what has this world turned you into?!

Oh god what is happen in Paris? shooting? stay strong paris!!

What the bloody hell is happening in Paris. Jesus.

Was just saying mate Paris full o Islamic nuts this morning then this happens Euro's next yr could be scary #Paris

Awful situation going on in Paris right now. Multiple attacks/explosions, possible suicide bombers/hostage situation, per multiple reports.

What the fuck is going on in Paris?!? Sounds absolutely horrific!

Days like today you wish there were an Avengers team or a Superman to intervene in Paris. #realitysucks

Awful news from Paris x

Thoughts go out to those hurt in Paris

AFP: #BREAKING Multiple attacks in Paris, at least 18 dead, police say

BREAKING NEWS: Multiple attacks, shooting sprees in Paris

Terrible acts of violence in Paris tonight#PrayforParis xx

SkyNews: Live: Deadly Shooting And Explosion In Paris

awful night in Paris, hoping that no more deaths come tonight

Two explosions in Stade de France. Shoot out with police. What is happening in Paris?

Wonder if ISIS will claim responsibility for the ongoing Paris attacks.

Heart goes out to anyone in Paris tonight, scary

paris in my thoughts, stay strong my loves

Somewhere in Paris, Angel Di Maria is on the phone to Jorge Mendes asking for a move #Safety

oh hope :(  I wish you is safe trip and that Paris is safe in general

18 killed in shootings in Paris. 3 atacuri simultane

To be honest with what's going on in Paris the best thing France and Germany can do is keep playing. Keep those fans safe  in the building!

oh I didn't know u were in Paris!! Scary!!

Wow not knew what was happening in paris i feel so sorry why is it still happening

It's so hard to hear these news. Thinking about the people in Paris. Praying for them.

At least 11 people dead in Paris shootout

Paris is now trending topic in United Kingdom.Discover why with Charlatan for Twitter.

Horrible what happened in Paris tonight

watching it now on sky. It's all over Paris apparently. So scary.

French police report shootout and explosion in Paris  18 dead.

#BREAKING French police report shootout and explosion in Paris, multiple dead -

Jesus Christ here we go. 'Paris shootings in city centre and explosion at Stade de France'

Stay safe, Paris.Crazy I was there just 3 weeks ago.

Reports: Shooting in Paris leaves 18 dead; explosion erupts in s -   #breaking #news #headlines #paris #attack

Explosions in Paris France Shootings. At least 18 ppl dead. 3 separate incidents in this past hour.

have you seen the news from Paris, shocking. Worry for Euros 2016

French Police Report Shootout and Explosion in Paris (NY Times)

My thoughts are with Paris tonightwhat a scary world we live in.

Depressing, distressing and desperately sad news coming from Paris. I despair for humanity.

My thoughts are with everyone in Paris. Be save if your in Paris. How the France game is still on I have no idea

Awful news from Parisbe safe  #Paris

First the shooting in Tunisia and now in Paris

BREAKING!Multiple terror attacks in Paris. Shootings, bombs, 18 dead so far, and hostages taken. #PrayForParis

Watching a livestream from Paris.. another explosion

We pray to God save the innocents in #Paris and all the world. This bloodshed should stop immediately. #parisattacks #France

At least 18 dead in multiple attacks across Paris

Distubing scale of terrorism in Paris. Reports of 18 dead, shootouts, suicide bombs and hostages #Paris

Paris is a mess. My guessISIS, again.

Man, WTF is going on in Paris?! This world is crumbling. Little by little

Thoughts are with the people of Paris. What a f*cked world we live in

so so afraid, i live near paris

Jihadi John had us all on strings, he is actually in Paris.

MSNBC is showing a periscope broadcast live of Paris. Welcome to the future. This is crazy

Hostages are taken in Bataclan Concert Salon in Paris. Sources says nearly 60 people are taken hostage.

Awful reports coming from Paris. Terrorist scum.

People who had a problem with these tweets when I put them up first please try argue with me now after Paris tonight

I'm from France and what happened in Paris is horrible

another shooting in paris! it's really terrifying. #prayforparis

Paris is on fire, and we all know who is responsible for itFucking madmen, that's who. Anything more than that is irrelevant.

I hope everyone in Paris is being safe, thoughts and prayers 3

#Balmain Balmain Authentic Paris Women's Black Pinstripe Blazer Jacket Size 42/10:  $299.00   #recycledclothing

prayers for Paris, PS I'm safe at home

Paris shooting Update: 18 dead, hostages taken at concert hall | The NEWS

Shootings in Paris?! What on earth is this world coming too?! #nowhereissafe

no doubt all the left wing arse lickers will say it's nothing to do with Islam what's happened in Paris

Thoughts and prayers with people affected by the attack in Paris. Sad news.

My thoughts and prayers go out to the people of France/Paris. Whats wrong with this world?!

This is awful. Sending every ounce of love to Paris.

France 24 report 60 hostages taken at Paris's Bataclan Concert Hall

More apparent terror attacks in Paris - 18 dead, scores held hostage.

Live Video: Paris Terror Attacks

It's at times like this that you're glad that the only reporting that we do is for sports. Tough to hear about what's happening in Paris

BREAKING: Shots fired, hostage situation at Eagles Of Death Metal show in Paris

hope you're all ok in Paris. Prayers to those hurt.

Thoughts are with everyone in Paris this evening and especially with the families who have lost a family member.

BREAKING: At least 26 dead report Paris police.

Wtf is going on in Paris, people are fucked

if you are currently in paris please stay inside and wait it out, you will be fine

My heart goes out to the victims, hostages, and families to those affected by the terror attacks in Paris. #PrayForFrance

But, in all seriousness, my thoughts are with the people in Paris right now. What is happening is godawful.

hi, nick keep on praying for paris

Just heard about what's happening in Paris. My prayers go out to everyone involved especially the 60 hostages

#KCA #VoteJKT48ID pzf: PLEASE SHARE - Shooter apparently still on the loose with an AK-47 in a car in Paris

Shocking what is happening in Paris, RIP to everyone killed

At least 26 dead in coordinated terrorist attacks in Paris. Hostage situation at concert hall. Attacks appear to be ongoing.

French police now say 26 dead in Paris attacks.

WTF is happening in Paris???? I hope no one I know is injured or hurt? My thoughts are with you!

Prayers going out to Paris now. That's crazy.

13 people dead in the Paris concert hall #FranceGermany #Paris #parisshooting

Four reported attacks so far at #parisattack.

Praying for everyone in Paris! For those who do not know, in Paris had a shooting in a restaurant, so Harry tweeted

Thoughts are with those in Paris  their family members.

Oh shit at the terror attacks in Paris /3. I wonder if they knew President Hollande was there or if they just 'got lucky' *shudders*

Shocking news coming from Paris. My thoughts and prayers are with all the victims and their families. We always have to be vigilant.

I hate all this violence!! I hope the situation in Paris comes to a quick end

I hope all friends and colleagues in Paris are safe. And their friends and families.

Terrible scenes in Paris. I'll never understand why anyone feels the need to kill innocent people.

Thank you for a great show . You offered a very fair objective assessment , per usual. Sad ending with terror attack in Paris

C'est grave chaud Paris la ! #fusillade

Prayers for those in Paris. Absolutely horrible.

The violence seems orchestrated. Multiple attacks at busiest parts of Paris. There could be severe casualties.

My heart goes out to the people of Paris. I hope the violence is stopped soon. :(

Sending our thoughts to those in Paris.

All my prayers go to Paris now x

Damn i'm so sick, thinking about everyone in Paris #bataclan

Can't believe the news out of Paris.

At least 18 killed in simultaneous attacks in Paris, hostage situation ongoing, police say  #abcnews

AP: BREAKING: Police: At least 26 dead in violence around Paris, hostage-taking in theater.

Praying for Paris! It's a sad world we live in.

Paris attacksLive coverage of the developing situation in Paris

Several killed and injured after 'Kalashnikov and grenade attacks' across Paris   | via

Reports are saying that three attacks took place in Paris on Friday night

Everyone get ready for a deluge of shoddy social media/ old school media reporting on Paris. Look at everything you see with skepticism

R.I.P all people who lost their lives in Paris terrorist attack innocent people !

thank you to ask! xe are safe! we are far  from Paris

Thoughts go out to Paris. I don't know what else to do or say, sothoughts.

#parisAttack:police reports show that gunmen had AK47 riffles and grenades. It's not not clear if it's a terrorist attack or not

Following the 'terrorist' attacks in Paris I'm now well and truly of the view that further draconian cuts to policing are utter madness!

My god what's happening in Paris right now

Several injured in Paris restaurant shooting, according to French media: Several people have been killed or in

Hollande holds emergency meeting in wake of Paris attacks

Holy shit, was ist grade in Paris los.

What happened and is still happening in Paris is so sad.  #PrayForParis

They shooting and bombing in Paris. Don't gotta tell me twice to not go outside tonight

Heartbreaking news from Paris. So scary, stay safe.

As per BBC 60 hostages have been taken to the theatre area by armed gunmen. Tension all across Paris late friday. #ParisAttacks

Thoughts go out to all in Paris tonight, the explosion sounded awful but 20+ dead and more taken hostage is terrifying

Paris was once again attacked by savage terrorists

Hearing more like 30 dead now #paris #parisattacks

Cops: 60 Hostages in Paris Theater  via thedailybeast

shooting explosions in Paris during soccer game France Germany. Hollande evacuated from Stadium

Wish the world was just a bit kinder. Thinking of Paris.

Terrible news coming in from Paris, thoughts and prayers for all my friends and colleagues in the Region tonight! #justdoesntmakesense

Breaking: hostages are at Bataclan concert hall in Paris.  Where band Eagles of Death Metal had a show.  Deftones scheduled there next 3 day

Shocking scenes in Paris, no doubt it's all to do with religious nonsense #scumbags #bastards

Have to believe Paris tragedy will complicate security preparations around #COP21, which was going to have unprecedented protection already

Keeping the people and the city of Paris in my thoughts  prayers tonight.

Europe never learns . keeps appeasing islamist extremists. result?  what u see in Paris tonite

Explosion in Paris  (+18 Video)..#Paris #FRAALL #FR1DAY13BR Giroud Gary Pinkel Pogba #fusillade #LGM80 Neuer

Disgusting what's going on in Paris tonight, fucked up world

Several injured in Paris restaurant shooting, according to French media: Several people have been killed or injured in a shooting in

At least 26 dead in Paris  reminds me Assad and his warnings

BBC just ran three minutes on the situation in Paris and now normal service on Jihadi John resumes

Terrible, terrible times in Paris tonight. Thoughts and prayers with all concerned

There's no words describe what's happening in Paris right now. Get those responsible and eliminate them. Simple. Pray for Paris.

Reuters has live video coverage from the site of the Paris terror attacks:

Thoughts go out to all involved in the Paris attacks.. Terrible news!

18 ppl killed in shooting in  around Paris, many held hostage in a concert hall in Paris, still developing

tfw theres hostages been taken and shootings and bombings in paris 2 weeks before youre meant to be going there (y)

My heart is bleeding for Paris right now. She doesnt deserve this ugliness. Stay safe all, and prayers for those lost in the city of love x

At least 30 dead in Paris. Wtf Is going on in the world

UPDATED: French police report shootout and explosions in Paris; at least 11 killed

#BreakingNews: Updated death toll: reports at least 26 killed in Paris incidents tonight.

Please don't tell me a few Amish have snuk into Paris on illegal visas.

Hi Partick info pouring out of Paris re probable attacknot goodwhen will folk learn to give up guns?

I can't believe Paris has been hit again.3 shootings, death, injury and hostages. When will this barbarism end??!

All my thoughts and feelings for Paris at this awful moment in time, hope your all well

What is happening in Paris, hope police gets everything under control. #stadedefrance #geiselnahme

Thoughts and prayers are with the citizens of France, as the city of love becomes the city of carnage. #Paris #Parisattack #StadedeFrance

I'm in New York but really angry/shocked/appalled by the shootings in Paris.

AT LEAST 26 DEAD IN ATTACKS IN PARIS AND 60 HOSTAGES REPORTED TAKEN AT CONCE//t.co/CLVCt4qMNI

BREAKING At Least 18 Killed In Multiple Paris Shootings  #p2

Poor poor Paris. Again. Makes you appreciate what you have. Thoughts are with the Families of the people who have died tonight. Very sad

If you are in Paris, stay safe stay home, things are ugly out there #fusillade #france

Prayers for those affected by the multiple attacks in Paris today.

prishtin , tiran , zurich , lausanne , new york to paris na bojna biznis

Jesus. Just heard about Paris. When will the world have had enough and stop this madness?

Hearts go out to Paris :( I hate to see that happen .

Explosion heard inside stadium during soccer match in Paris,

Paris. No words feel appropriate. Crazy crazy stuff

Thoughts and prayers with the people of Paris/France. We stand together against evil.

The jihadis did this in Mumbai, in Nairobi, now in Paris.They will try to do it here.We will never disarm.#2A

Shocking what's happening in Paris. How can you stop this kind of thing happening though!? Ridiculous.

My thoughts and prayers are with the people of France and with the city of Paris.

Oh fuck is Normandy near Paris????????

The odds are not likely, but would hope the Paris attacks isn't jihadists. Tired of the anti-Muslim hate these things lead to.

prayers, prayers, prayers to everyone in Paris right now.

Thoughts go out to all in Paris.. What has the world come to

Shocking news and terrible images coming from Paris this evening. Again we fear the worst and reach out to our French friends.

Prayers to the people of France as they respond to terror attacks across Paris

#Paris under Attack: Over 40 dead and a hostage situation in Paris. #ISIS is taking this too far!

Fuck, absolutely horrifying what's happening in Paris right now.

Anyone know the band Eagles Of Death Metal? they played in the venue in Paris tonight where the shooting/hostage taking was/is :( #prayers

Paris attackers made Friday the 13th a real. #PrayForParis

Fannibals in Paris. If you could post that you're OK that would be great. Stay safe. Sending prayers. xox #Paris

Senseless murder in Paris - why does this continue to happen?

Hearing possibly 60 ppl hostage in club in paris

Sending thoughts  prayers to everyone in Paris ,,Such sad news Stay Safe x

My brother going Paris in 2 weeks and im here like shit.

The fuck is going on in Paris?? Bet it's them ISIS CUNTS again

There's 10+ jihad johns running riot in Paris now

President Hollande was evacuated from the stadium near site of Paris attack

Are you offering refunds for Paris flights?

Paris. Death toll is now 30 known dead from attacks.. #RebootLiberty

stop giving Emwazi publicity! Even when he's got just deserts you're gloryfying him when Paris is the news!

Yikes, Paris is having a shitty evening :(

Paris Attacks: Hostages reportedly taken at Eagles of Death Metal concert

Terrible news from Paris, thoughts with everyone affected by the violence.

At least 26 killed in multiple attacks in Paris: Police officials in France say there has been a shootout in a

Video by shows fans on pitch at Stade de France in Paris in aftermath of attacks. So damn awful.

thoughts and prayers going out to the people of paris today. this shit breaks my heart.

We are staying on the outside of Paris. Just thinking of all involved. Keep safe.

Sending Paris and its people all my love and keeping all of the Parisians in my thoughts

horrible news from paris. love and prayers.

#Kalashnikov Shootout, Explosions Leave At Least 18 Dead In Paris; Hostages Taken

Proper fucked up news from Paris. Hopes with friends that all are okay.

Really hope all my friends in Paris are okay :/

30 dead in suicide bombing and shootouts all across Paris 60 being held hostage in a concert hall..

Hey. Just to let you know. Our friends from Paris (the ones you worked with on Onirigami) are safe.

IT news: Paris shootings in city centre and explosion at Stade de France

Thoughts going to all those in Paris Xx

been asleep for one day and jihadi john is dead and there's been bombings in paris

Horrified by what's happening in Paris - thoughts are with them this evening x

The news from Paris is just getting worse and worse by the minute #PrayForParis

All the best to all my friends in Paris. Hope (and know for some already) you're safe!

Oh no.  Sending thoughts and prayers to Paris.

just appalling. Totally unable to deal with live rolling news from Paris

100 hostages taken at the Paris Theatre and 35 dead?!? I'm praying no more are killed. #prayforparis #Paris

BREAKING 30 DEAD after Paris Shooting:  via

Wait, what's going on in Paris? What's with these terrorist attacks?,

Who's bombing Paris? I'm lost

Police say about 100 hostages at concert hall. - AP, Sky News #parisattacks #paris

Terrible news in Paris, I hope this actually makes the UN do something now. They want war, it sounds like it's time. #Paris

Devastated with what is happening in Paris right now. My thoughts are with my family, friends, colleagues and fellow French citizens

My thoughts are with the people of Paris right now.

Thoughts and prayers go out to Paris. Such horrible news

Scary shit happening in Paris tonight. Be safe

What the hell is happening in Paris???!! Omg! My prayers are with them

We live in a cruel cruel world. Innocent people shot in restaurants in Paris. We must beat terrorism together

Thoughts are with those in Paris tonight. Such horrendous scenes.

Terrible news out of Paris! Absolutely terrible.

PRAY FOR PARIS PRAY FOR PARIS PRAY FOR PARIS PRAY FOR PARIS PRAY FOR PARIS PRAY FOR PARIS PRAY FOR PARIS PRAY FOR PARIS PRAY FOR PARIS PRAY

Prayers out to Paris. Hate to see terror in such a dope city

100 hostages taken at the Bataclan Theatre and 35 dead. Jesus Christ #Paris

Prayers go out to all civilians in Paris right now

Paris attacks used illegal weapons which are illegal there. Who are the manufacturers and smugglers?

The death toll is rapidly rising after attacks in Paris our thoughts with those overseas

Sad what's happening in Paris the now

Uggh. dark time in Paris.  At least locked the remaining football match ppl inside.

Literally boarding my plane leaving Paris when seeing the news Horrible. Already more than 40 dead, hostage situation in a theatre

Ok I'm literally crying I live in Paris

Awful news out of Paris! Hostages, suicide bombers and shootings. Ugh, my heart breaks!! #ParisAttacks

Paris shootings and bombs casually terrifying me !!!!!

BREAKING! Paris Terror Attack In Progress [LIVE FEED]

Paris France Explosions Concert Hall - Stade de France #MillennialMonitor

Thoughts go out to those in Paris. The world can be a horrible place at times. #PrayForParis

Shootings and blasts kill 18 in Paris: At least 18 people are killed in several deadly shootings in Paris, as

VIDEO= EXPLOSION HEARD INSIDE PARIS SOCCER STADIUM  via

At least 40 people are now confirmed dead in Paris. My thoughts and prayers are with the families and friends of the victims. Stay safe!

My thoughts are with the people in Paris,horrendous news

Apparently, several group of men with arms are loose in the streets of Paris. Grenades might have been used in a MacDonald.

Thoughts go out to everyone in Paris at this time.

Live, uninterrupted coverage of the Paris attacks airing on 95.3 FM and Truth Radio 1340 AM.

WhoWhatWear: Our thoughts are with Paris and its people.

Paris shootings: Several dead after gunman opens fire, explosion at Stade de France -   via smh

lot of festival friends are in Paris and we know nothing for the moment

Fans on pitch in Paris too scared to leave the stadiumdon't blame them !

At least 35 killed in multiple attacks in Paris; hostages in theater  via

Footage+Of+Gunfire+Outside+Bataclan+Concert+Hall+In+Paris  via Digg

Praying for Paris! God be with them, protect and cover them! #Paris #protect #pray #terrorism

Paris. sigh I don't get it. Why does every sect have to persecute those with different beliefs? #LiveAndLetLive

Stay strong Paris. They won't win

French citizens in Paris are hiding behind their doors with HOES and PITCHFORKS ever ready to defend agains bombers and automatic weapons.

DEVELOPING: Two police officials say that at least 26 people have been killed in shootings, explosions around Paris

No fans allowed to leave Stade de France near Paris after France-Germany football match due to multiple (poss terror) attacks in the city

Pray for Paris!  The most lovely city in the world. #paris  #9News

When I was in Paris in summer the hotel I was staying in was a 2 min drive from one of the shootings, that's scary omg

theres a paris shooting happening :c

Thinking of everyone in Paris. Truly heartbreaking.

With right now in Paris about four miles from the attacks.  We are safe.  Scary stuff.

FYI - AFP wire has not run 30 death toll from Paris incidents, despite tweets circulating otherwise

Paris LEOssaying a prayer for your safety and the safety of the people that need your help tonight

Good tips to follow for journalists covering Paris attacks, via

Sending #LOVE  #PRAYERS to Paris. Tonight we are all Parisians. #ParisAttacks

whatever's going on in Paris is scary af

My thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in Paris. I hope everyone will be safe.

#ParisAttacks: Dutch TV just mentions 15 people killed at #EaglesOfDeathMetal concert #PARIS #FRANCE

Horrific news coming out of Paris this evening.

paris. holy shit. thoughts and prayers.

I lived in that beautiful, magnificent city for 4 months. My heart is always with Paris.

What has Paris done to deserve this inhumane killings, fucking hell

Thoughts with all those in Paris. Innocent people enjoying a Friday evening out. They will never win. #freedom

35 dead amid explosions, shootings in Paris; over 100 hostages taken

this morning you said that u want to go to paris..  shof sh9ar fehm

Thoughts go out to the people of Paris. Just horrific news.

Why are people talking about a clip! This isn't the time, over 35 dead and 100 taken hostage in Paris and youre talking about a fucking clip

Awful to see and hear the tragedy going on in Paris. Sending thoughts to all affected.

Thoughts and prayers to all my friends in Paris!

Its upsetting that Paris is getting so much attention for things that happen everyday nd worse in many other places that nobody cares about

BBCNews reports 100 hostages at Bataclan Concert Hall at Eagles Of Death Concert in  #Paris At least 30 dead.

put the news on!! Have you seen what's happened in Paris

The news from Paris is horrifying. Prayers for all.

My heart hurts so much for everyone in Paris

At least 26 dead in multiple attacks in Paris. Now saying 35-40 dead.

All my love to the people in paris, please be safe! Todo mi amor con la gente en paris. Debastado.

Prayers to Paris. Praying for the innocent lost souls, French law enforcement officials, and victim's families.

Holy hell what's even happening in Paris, this is pretty scary

My heart is breaking for my sweet Paris right now.

all this stuff in paris is making me so upset

I'm from Paris and it's so awful, can't feel safe anywhere.. thanks for the tweet

Thoughts with Paris and it's people tonight. Stunned.

This is heartbreaking, my thoughts and prayers are going out to everyone in Paris right now. #prayforparis

More than 100 hostages are being held inside a concert hall in Paris #parisshootings #Parisattack

Could cry at what's going on in Paris, my worst nightmare. Hope to God the death toll doesn't rise any more

there probably was no known threat in Paris either.

Terrible news out of Paris. Prayers for all involved and affected.

#parisattack pools of blood in Bataclan,  +60 held hostagessuicide attack near france/germany football matchdozens feared dead

Live feed for news on Paris attacks inEnglishh Sky News Live  via

Paris Je t'aime. My love is with you now more than ever. Eiffel

Why isn't covering breaking news of terrorist attacks in Paris?

wake up, Paris is under siege

I'm safe, thanks Jim! Paris is a few miles away. Media reports new shootings at the moment. It's scary, really scary.

Terrorism and violence across Paris. Fuck those who would harm innocent people. Any of you in Paris stay safe please.

The Associated Press  2m2 minutes agoSource: 100 hostages in theater up to 35-40 dead in Paris attacks:

Shit going down in Paris. Sounds fucking awful

#Paris So hard to find words.My thoughts,my soul are with all the victims and their familys,with all people in Paris.

#PARIS IF YOU ARE AWARE OF ANYONE WITHIN THE BATACLAN OR YOU HAVE ANYONE UNACCOUNTED FOR, PLEASE REPORT BACK #QOTSAFAMILY

Damn yo paris is getting FUCKED up

Praying for Paris! Such a horrible thing, why would someone do this? #prayforparis

Sharm el sheikh, latakia, beirut and now paris. A nuclear bomb that erases the land of camels is the only way to eradicate terror.

NIGHT OF TERROR: VIDEO From Paris Right After Restaurant Attack:  via

#paris #extra #news At least 30 dead in Paris shootings - French media - SBS: SBSAt least 30  #parijs #breaking

Them god damn jihads attacking Paris now

Paris, I'm praying so hard for you. Stay safe. I'm appalled.

Wtf eagles of death metal gig in paris held up by terrorists?!!

DEVELOPING: Several people dead in multiple shootings, explosions in Paris

Paris restez chez vous My heart goes to the victims

Crazy what's happening in Paris what is the world coming too?

What on earth is happening in Paris?  Many dead.  Others taken hostage. #parisattacks

Thoughts and prayers to everyone in Paris. Terrible news to hear.

I hate to interrupt, but there are 40+ dead people in Paris following an terror attack, your tweets are strange in this context

I'm so disturbed by the news coming out of Paris.

Those attacks in Paris look crazy man

Breaking news ,shooting in Paris France killed many

+33 1 44 51 31 00 - The number for the British Embassy in Paris according to Google

Whats happening in Paris is truly sad #PrayForParis

So sad and heartbroken for those in Paris and everyone affected

We are all safe here in Paris #fusillade #Paris

Geez! Paris needs to get it together cuz last time it was a serious deal as well. This time seems more serious even.

Wow. My heart is hurting for Paris.

Retweeted NBC Nightly News JUST IN: Pres. Obama has been briefed on security situation in Paris -

please stay safe in paris everyone

Many dead after shootings, explosion in Paris; reports of hostages being held

100 hostages taken at a Paris theater Hopefully they'll be alright

Guys i'm at home right now, everyone in Paris : please be safe and take care of yourself and your loved ones.

Damn, worried for the city of Paris and the band Eagles of Death Metal. #EODM #eaglesofdeathmetal

Holy crap,  my thoughts are with Paris

Wow, prayers to the people in Paris, this world can be a dark and evil place

Terrible terrible terrible news coming out of Paris. Can't tweet this anymore.

Horrible, horrible news from Paris. Just fucking awful.

Praying for everyone in Paris. Please stay safe. My prayers are with u.

OPEN BORDERS: Paris shootings: 18 reported killed -

I am so rarely filled with this amount of emotion. Everyone please add Paris and the families of those affected into your prayers tonight.

what happened in Paris is so tragic and sad

Paris Wtf? Does anyone know why this is happening? #Paris

Madness. Only just found out. They keep hitting Paris hard.

Another sick attack on Paris tonight.bunch of cowards..at least jihadi John is no longer on this planet

If you're in Paris please try and stay safe :((

Whoa, hope buddies in Paris are safe. #paris

Yeah, I'm alright, I don't live in Paris proper, just really close, but jesus, that's terrifying

wtf is going on in paris? have something to do with jihadi john getting blown up?

paris france shooting November 13, 2015  via

I do not do religion or prayers, but every ounce of my love, empathy  positive energy is on its way to Paris.

BREAKING NEWS: 18 Killed In Shootings, Explosion At Stadium Paris

#ParisShooting: it's a night that will never be forgotten in Paris at a time when may were getting up for Xmas.

The situation in Paris right now is heart-breaking. Absolutely barbaric. Makes me ashamed to be human

Just heard the news about Paris. Thoughts with all

sorry just heard about the Paris terrorist attack going to hear the news now:((

God awful what's happening in Paris. so sick of shootings and terrorist attacks becoming a regular thing, #PrayForParis

So very sad to hear the news from Paris tonight #heartbreaking

So sorry about the news from Paris. What the hell is going on in the world?

$SPY $SPX $ES_F During the attacks in Paris reports say that perpetrators shouted, allahou akbar. Serious stuff guys. Bad for retail sector.

My heart, thoughts, and prayers going out to Paris right nowcrazy stuff going on

Paris shootings: 18 reported killed, hostage situation ongoing

That's so fucking scary what's happened in Paris

Paris. Jesus christ Absolutely devastating. Was there only a month ago.

horrible truly horrific for those in Paris.

Thoughts and Prayers go out to the city of Paris going through this horrible tragedy going on. #Paris #PrayForParis

Paris attacks and hostage situation: what we know, and don't know yet  via

Thoughts and prayers with the Paris victims and their families.

Truly horrendous what is unfolding in Paris right now. Canada's thoughts and prayers are with the people of France.

Yes chef, what you think of paris ?

My heart is with Paris right now. Sending my prayers to everyone.

My thoughts are with everyone in Paris or the ones who know someone in Paris.. #PrayForParis Take care X

This is such as fucked up planets, thoughts go out to all in Paris

BREAKING NEWS: 18 Killed In Shootings, Explosion At Stadium Paris: Gunmen have opened fire in several places i

okay stop. something awful has happened in paris. the album is great YES but please pause the promo for now :(

France victory over Germany overshadowed by violence in Paris

So upsetting reading about Paris

Praying for all the people in Paris, France right now.

Pray for Paris. Pray for this broken world.

Heartbreaking news, hope all my friends in Paris are fine, what a dark day for France again. #JeSuisCharlie #JeSuisParis

Paris battlling with Night of terror attacks. Stadium,  theartre and restaurant under seige

We feel for those in Paris and our hearts go out.

Go fuck yourself.With love from Paris.

Good Lord, praying for those in Paris. The world can be a really F'd up place.

The moment an explosion goes off outside of Paris stadium.

how about you actually focus on the events happening in Paris instead of promoting your snapchat ?

Thoughts are with those in Paris tonight. What a horrible world we live in, so scary what people are capable of

Keeping Paris in my thoughts. This is terrible and heartbreaking.

#BreakingNews French police: death toll rises to 60 after Paris attacks

Omg! ;-; Stay strong Paris. Stay strong.

Scary as hell that I was just in Paris a few months ago. #PrayForParis

chill Ernie, that shits going on in Paris rn, not something to joke about.

What's happening in Paris is despicable. However, USA  UK do similar things in the middle east. Violence solves nothing.

Thoughts with Paris,  their fans in Le Bataclan tonight #Paris

#BREAKING Watch #KTVU now multiple attacks in Paris

If the Paris attacks are terrorist then worldwide governments have got to act with unrelenting military force  eradicate them #ParisAttacks

Keeping Paris and those affected in our thoughts and prayers.

One of the most wonderful places  I have ever visited is under attack. Thoughts  hopes are with everyone in Paris right now.

Thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in  Paris. Stay strong!

People just going out to have a normal, fun Friday night in Paris and all this happens, it's fucking senseless.

could break your heart thinking about all the poor victims of the attacks in Paris tonight :( so scary

Malard: 'There are 4 explosions right now' in Paris

Yet more awful events unfolding in Paris. Thoughts are with the people over there.

Send your prayers to who seems to have locked herself into a toilet with others in the concert hall in Paris.

Multiple Acts Of Violence In Paris: Deadly Shootings, Hostages Taken, Explosions

Yesterday Lebanon today Iraq and now Paris WHY CANT IT BE SOMALIA?

Sad news from Paris, some sick people out there

So sad what happened to Paris my prayers go out to you #PrayForParis

Paris under attack,  Tsunamis in Japan. Jesus, gworl, where you at?

Can't believe Josh Homme's band Eagles of Death Metal were playing at the Bataclan this evening #Paris

a few people I know are currently in Paris and there is nothing I can do but sit an wait and hope for a sign :(

Cannot comprehend the events happening in Paris right now

I'm guessing the religion of peace had an impact on whats unfolding in Paris now. Then again I'm not PC. I'm just an intolerant bigot.

Horrified for the people of Paris and everyone around the Stade de France.

#parisshooting so sad what happened :( praying for paris

Paris shootings in city centre and explosion at Stade de France  (cmts

Thinking of you Paris, stay safe!

Oh my gosh, thinking of everyone in Paris.

this Paris story is making me so sad

Thoughts and prayers going out to Paris.  Awful scenes.

These cowards have targeted hundreds of innocent people who just wanted to go to a gig. Truly terrifying. #parisattacks #paris

My love and good wishes go out to the people in Paris. Hoping everyone is safe and out of harms way.

is that really relevant with what's going on in Paris?

The hearts of Brooklyn are with all of you in Paris right now

Disgusting and gratuitous questioning of a shaken man in Paris by Tim Wilcox on BBC News 24.

this is like the 2nd-3rd terror attack in Paris, in a very short period

In France in Oct, was told by frmr diplomat that Paris started bombing ISIL in Syria b/c intel said It was plotting attack on France

Dozens of people are dead after several shootings and explosions across Paris. Tune into #OANN for more. #News

What is the status of your Airbnb staff in Paris?

Horrendous scenes in Paris, thoughts and prayers with the French people.

I don't know all the details, but Paris has been attacked by terrorists. If there's ever a time to pray, it's now.

Can't believe what's happening in Paris right now. Praying for everyone's safety.

Paris please stay safe, you're in my thoughts and prayers!

Shocking to see what's happening in Paris! Thoughts go out to everyone involved! #PrayForParis

Awful news from Paris . My thoughts with all affected . We stand united against terrorism

Wow! == At least 46 dead in attacks in Paris; 100 taken hostage  via

PARIS, IM SORRY - STAY STONG

I'm scared, I'm so sorry for you. God help us . Thinking of you Paris.

Dangerous collectivism rears its ugly head again. Thoughts to everyone in Paris, France right now.

My thoughts and prayers goes out to the people of Paris. Stay Strong! #ParishShooting #ParisAttacks

i don't know how to phrase what i want to say but i hope everyone in paris is safe  ok and gosh it makes me feel sick :( 3

Paris Attacks:  63 dead in attacks across the city

a 4th shooting. no words. only prayers for paris

Prayers to all in Paris. Stay safe #paris # parisattack

Thinking of my friends and colleagues in Paris. I hope you are all safe.

Thoughts to those in Paris tonight - just sickening!

We stand strong with Paris.  #ParisAttacks. Our prayers are with the people of France.

My heart is breaking watching the news unfold. Thoughts are with the people of Paris

Those in Paris please be safe. Thoughts and prays with you all

Jesus this is Paris!!! not even Lagos can such a thing take place???with all Paris' intelligence

Hang in there Paris, you'll make it through!

Paris bombing, shooting kill at least 35 amid reports of hostage situation | Europe |  -

There are live updates from the BBC here on the latest in Paris

Thoughts and prayers for Paris and the people and families affected

I send my prayers to the French people. Really horrible things happening in Paris. I'm in shock

IF YOURE IN PARIS USE #PorteOuverte TO FIND PARISIANS THAT WILL HOUSE YOU IF YOU'RE OUT AND CANT GET HOME. STAY SAFE.

Paris,Was'n da los. Fuck

At least 60 people killed in multiple attacks in Paris : CNN affiliate BFMTV reports. #ParisAttack

Another shooting reported at a big shopping centre in Paris

Stomach is in knots hearing about what's going on in Paris right now. #PrayingForParis

Prayers for all of the people and families of Paris right now

The attack in Paris is horrifying. In the aftermath the media  the public will get it all wrong  the root causes will never be addressed

saying another attack in Paris in a shopping mall - that's a third location.

Unbelievable happenings tonight in Paris. Devastating news

Holding the people of France and Paris close to my heart. This all needs to just stop

Whats happning in paris has genuinly pissed me off. What the fuck

Thoughts with Paris, it's awful this stuff unfolds :(

#PrayForParis thoughts and heart felt wishes go out to all caught ip no the tragic events in Paris tonight. #keepsafe

yea, Paris, the US loves you!

French media saying another shooting has been reported in Paris, at Les Halles shopping mall

Absolutely heartbreaking. Be safe, Paris. You do not deserve to go through this again.

Such terrible news from Paris - thoughts  prayers for all those affected

my thoughts are with The people of Paris tonight# terrible scenes

TL all about Paris. Whats going on??

Report: Terrorists take 100 hostages at Eagles of Death Metal concert in Paris - Consequence of Sound (blog)

after the attacks in Paris, I hope people realise that increased surveillance is necessary for our security

Paris really isn't far from the UK, I hope everyone is safe and these horrible people stop #PrayForParis

My thoughts go out to the people that lost here loved ones in Paris! Hope everyone else stays safe!

Due to get the train to Paris tomorrow - unless it will cause a problem for a police operation I still intend to go. #JesuisunParisien

Friday the 13th indeed. Don't give in to these Scum . Stay strong Paris

So this terrible shit in Paris was at a music venue?

Im watching news footage of Paris and I want to cry please stay safe if your safe #Paris #PrayForParis

I am GO GLAD you are ok. Another shopping mall is going off, and a firefight downtown somewhere in Paris. This is insane.=(

Disgusting what's happened in Paris, can hear the bomb go off from the stadium #PrayForParis

cannot believe what's going on in Paris right now

you are doing bargains while this is happening to Paris and whole world? No heart.

Seeing what happened in Paris is absolutely disgusting, so evil and inhuman. those poor people

Shocked about what going on in Paris. Thoughts about friends and colleagues. Horrible horrible

I know I keep going on about Paris but it's just so heart breaking

Each news source has a different figure of dead in Paris.

Thoughts out to people in Paris, absolutely terrifying.Stay safe out there!

Damn Paris. What is wrong with people?

My thoughts are with the people pf paris

If you're in Paris and trying to find shelter, use #PorteOuverte. Spread the word 3

Sad news from Paris tonight, shocking and sickening

First Paris now this? It really is Friday the 13th, isn't it

Something aweful is happening in Paris, well this is fucked up

#PorteOuverte - helping people in Paris seeking shelter  via

What we see now in France is very very sad. Full solidarity to every people living in Paris. Stop violence, peace now

Absolutely sickening hearing this about Paris

gunshot bataclan theater some hostages kept #paris  #fusillade

Heartbroken for Paris. Hard to believe this is happening again. Be safe, my friends.

No words whats happening in paris! Prayers and thoughts to all victims and family members!

My prayers are with everyone in Paris. it's just horrific.

harrowing and horrific events unfolding in paris.

Wow, unbelievable what is happening in Paris just crazy! Thoughts and prayers to them

Praying for Paris.  Will be there next week to give our team a hug.

Woke up from a nap to find this utter madness going on in Paris! Sickening scenes, so many dead!

Prayers to those people in paris who were a victims of terrorism.We are humans but we dont have humility#prayforparis #ALDUBHappyBdayLOLA

Paris Attacks Live Stream: Terror Grips France After Simultaneous Explosion, Shootings,

KNX1070:  Police:  At least 26 people killed in shootings and explosions around Paris

How are you? Do you live in Paris?

Media reporting now at least 60 could be dead #Paris #ParisAttacks

Can't believe what happened in Paris. Why do people do things like that ?

Paris has had one rough year! #PrayForParis

If these paris attacks happened in an ledc the media would not care

Praying for the people in Paris. So awful.

Love and prayers to Paris tonight. Really devastating to hear what's going on.

#PrayForParis all my prayers go out for paris! where tf is our humanity?!

I'm not normally the praying type, butDefinitely praying for folks in Paris. Be safe. :(

Somehow, the frivolity and fun of #childreninneed, no matter how well intentioned, is hard to watch now as the horror in Paris unfolds.

I don't even wanna read anymore about what has happened in Paris

This is absolute madness what's going on in Paris my thoughts and prayers are with them at this time

And now, shooting at Les Halles? It's the largest underground station in Europe, I believe. I know that area very well. Praying for Paris..

Can't believe the world we live in, so much mindless killing! Stay safe, Paris!

STAY STRONG PARIS, GOD BLESS YOU ALL

The deadly Parisian Jihad has Paris in a state of terror and the French aren't even armed, just the Muslims.  #Paris #Islam

Praying for Paris and the number of lives lost already

Reports of at least 60 dead already in Paris.. #PrayforParis

Out of respect for the victims in Paris, there should be at least a reverent moment of silence tonight.

Multiple attacks rocks #Paris. AFP says 26 people killed, figures may likely rise, about 100 hostages taken at Bataclan.

Thank you for everyone praying for Paris I'l so scared

One of my young relatives lives in the centre of Paris, I am sick with worry

Our prayers are with the French people this evening, especially our friends in Paris

6-8 attackers came into the Paris concern hall. #ParisAttacks

Shooting in central Paris. Friday 13th. Killed people.

I live an hour and a half away from Paris. The terrorists from Charlie Hebdo were from my city.

Live #parisattacks updates from Hostages taken in Paris attacks, police say

Dude you don't know nothing about Islam so shut up. We're so annoyed by what happened in Paris.

Shep  Geraldo babbling bout Paris attacks. Could it get any worse? #PJNET

These Paris reports are nothing short of frightening.

It really is hard to get your head around how people can be so evil and twisted to commit acts like what's happening in Paris

Guy live streams Paris shootings. Skip to 9:50-13:00 for most of the gunfire

watching the news unfold and thinking of y'all. I know you're not in Paris for a few days but please stay safe.

France Stadium a few minutes ago #shooting #Paris #ParisAttacks

Reports: At least 35 dead after 3 attacks in Paris; about 100 taken hostage.  Thoughts are on Paris tonight.

Wish I was young again and completely unaware of all the evil that happens in the world. My thoughts are with those in Paris this evening

just heard the news. My heart goes out to Paris. Glad you're all safe and prayers for those who are in harm's way.

From The BBC VIDEO: Footage shows Paris attack scenes: At least 18 people have been killed in several shooting

They said they would attack Paris and they did.. Does everyone NOT think these terrorists aren't serious?! #ParisShooting

My thoughts  prayers are with those in Paris right nowterrible situation still unfolding:

I choose to be in Paris in the wrong night

UPDATE 46 dead 100 hostage. Bataclan Paris #Terror

Thinking about all in Paris so much. Just wishing violence would cease. Heartbreaking.

We stand with the people of France in general and Paris in particular

F! I've just tuned in to see this on #WeekendNewsBreakfast in Paris

My heart goes out to those affected by these attacks. Anyone with family in Paris, make sure they're okay.

it's capital ( Paris ) no all country  + 40 deads  3 shooting

My prayers go out to the people in Paris, where a terrorist attack is happening right now!  Be safe!

R The White House has been briefed on the situation in Paris

My heart goes out to all the people in Paris. Hopefully the situation will get resolved soon :(

Everyone in Paris please go somewhere inside . Please open your doors to keep each other safe

Honestly we live in such a shit world, thoughts go out to the people in Paris x

Tonight the Auld Alliance stands shoulder to shoulder with our friends in Paris. #ParisAttacks

Nowhere on this planet is safe, thoughts go out to those in Paris

Can't believe itMy thoughts are in Paris and in all the families of the victims!#paris #prayforparis #France

How terrible the killings and hostages in Paris - sending prayers and blessings

Some media calling coordinated attacks across Paris a 'Mumbai-style attack', referring to the 2008 terrorism, which killed nearly 200.

of course it's a possibility, but please don't ASSUME the horrors unfolding in paris right now are due to islamic extremists, christ sake.

i was living couple of streets from that restaurant when i was in paris..

So sad to hear the news about the terrorist attacks in Paris. Once again cowardly terrorists hide behind innocent

My friends and I are watching the news and talking about the terrorist attacks in Paris, this is fucking horrible and I'm freaking out.

Do you know about situation in Paris? That's very sad :/#PrayForParis

Paris. So many happy memories of visiting as engaged lady, married lady and finally, finally a Mum. So sad at news #PrayForParis

Wtf does Paris do to anyone??

Horrifying news out of Paris. Just hoping the worst is over.

Sorry but he'll call for Gun Control  Paris is a gun free zone even w/ majority of Police - prayers 4 all in France

BREAKING NEWSFrance vs Germany match interrupted as Terrorist Attacks happen in Paris!VIDEO + STORY:

What the fuck is wrong with people?Paris Explosion Took Place at Eagles of Death Metal Concert

Absolutely heart breaking what is happening in Paris

Paris attacks: 60 reported killed  60 mortos

Thoughts and prayers for those in Paris attacks. #PrayforParis

Thoughts and prayers are going out to everyone in Paris 3 There are no words available that can describe how horrible this is

Truly shocking what's happening in Paris. Words fail me at times like this.

I dunno what is going on in Paris, but I hope you  Andy are safe!

i'm an ignorant fool so i don't know much about what's going on in paris atm but i really hope people will be ok;m;

Hope everything is alright in Paris. Prayers going out to them.

Sending all the love to Paris tonight. This is horrible.

Who's behind these #Paris attacks? Obviously a well orchestrated one, with a motive of fear. It's working. Stay strong Paris x

Paris, be safe! Horrible what's going on. Our thoughts are with you #Paris

:)) wah The situation at Stades de Paris seems very congested at the moment, It should be evacuated #PrayForParis

Another shooting in Paris, at Les Halles, their central shopping mall

Paris police has not confirmed latest death toll and hostage numbers. Lets follow this closely before creating more chaos on twitter. #paris

Paris Shootings: Live updates as at least 35 people dead following shooting and explosion

UPDATE: At least 40 people killed in Paris attacks. The death toll reported earlier had been 18.

Terrible evening in Paris. Keep strong, we love you, be safe

Scene of Deadly Attacks in Paris: Police in Paris confirmed on Friday that several people were killed in multi

ok seriously what is going on in Paris I just keep seeing tweets about be safe, terrorism, and so on

Haunting scenes in Paris. So grateful right now for the people I'm with  #PorteOuverte

sad to hear what is going on in paris right now. #PrayForParis

Our world is so unbelievably messed up. So sickened to hear about the terror attacks in Paris.

Rightly or wrongly, forget about #Europe opening to #MiddleEast/#NorthAfrica #refugees/#migrants. #ParisAttacks #Paris

|| To anyone in Paris my prayers are with you #PrayForParis

Pretty sure Paris is pretty fucking islamophobia right now. You know terrified of Islam. Motivated by politics of course.

Our prayers are with all the people of Paris tonight.

Yeah. fucking scary, right in the heart of Paris as well, if they can do that it makes me worry what else they're capable of

Weather black or white skinned, the world recorded a great lose today. My thoughts and prayers with the people in Paris.

Shocking news from Paris. To everyone in the city, stay safe.

Paris terror attacks: Panic at the Stade de France as fans are evacuated amid chaos

Address for an OPEN Blood Donation Clinic in Paris, because praying doesn't help!!

As many as 40 people have been killed, 100 being held hostage in several attacks in Paris

No refugees wanted in Canada, after tonight's murderous fiasco in Paris

Paris: shootings and explosions at restaurant, concert hall and Stade de France - What is wrong with those people

I hope I never have to experience anything as scary as what the people of Paris are going through now#PrayForParis

What will Obama say about Paris attack? US is a weak nation that is viewed as soft on terror! God help us one and all!

This Paris story is amazingly sad and shocking.

An explosion in a bar near a Paris stadium, a shootout outside three Paris restaurants and a hostage situation in a concert hall. #Paris

Just reading about Paris. Prayers for the victims and their families

thoughts go out to everyone in Paris. so tragic

Oh my goodness. Here I am in my little world wrapped up in meeting authors when such terrible things are happening in Paris. Terrifying.

Please pray for Paris and everyone there tonight.

stay safe to everyone in paris and japan what is even happening right now this is so horrible

Multiple attacks in Paris, 35 dead  God help us all from this nightmare

Paris is out of control right now smh

Retweeted Breaking911 TERROR IN PARIS:-7 Shootings-3 Explosions-60+ Dead-Military Deployed

We'll check in with the weather around Whatcom County in between live network coverage of the attacks in Paris. -

What is happening in Paris right now is ridiculous.

These Paris attacks are something else. It seems suspiciously like an organized thing throughout the city in various locations.

Breaking news PARIS, FRANCE under terrorist attacks almost 100 dead. Our prayers

President Obama to go on TV soon to address Paris attacks!

Just heard about that Paris thing and it's either Deja by or they had a bombing last year or earlier this year?

all this stuff in Paris and even the prejudice in my own home from my family disgusts me

Thoughts are with everyone in Paris. Absolutely heartbreaking

Idyllic nature meets heavy beats on an emerging Paris label

That's fucking terrifying what just happened in Paris, #PrayForParis

a wa oh. This Paris situation is scary

Awful news coming out of Paris right now.  Prayers are with everyone!

did you see what happens in Paris ?

holy shit, today is scary. all my thoughts and prayers and thoughts go out to japan and paris tonight. please stay safe, everyone.

The worlds really going crazy. The victims in Paris are in all of our thoughts tonight.

Prayers and hopes for those who've been wounded in Paris tonight.No link, no images.

What's happening in Paris is seriously scary. I hope the hostages are okay #PrayForParis

President  about to offer remarks on Paris attacks.

we are ok.  my wife is in Paris. I am in the USA

At least 6 places in Paris under attack~ #Paris #shooting #attack #mall #restaurant #soccer #football #news #now

Damn Paris is fucked right now.

Praying for all of those who have been affected by the attacks in Paris tonight. #PrayForParis

Paris again, must double down on ISIS in Iraq AND Syria,regardless of Russian presence  Iran involvement!!!

Praying for everyone in Paris right now. Lord have mercy.

Sad to hear about Paris. Stay safe

WATCH LIVE: speaks out on deadly Paris attacks

Paris guys!!! My heart and condolence are with you .I've got loads there

Shit is going near me in Paris. Terrorists again More than 60 deads and counting

Horrifying. Sending thoughts and prayers to those affected and to the citizens of Paris.

I'd pray for you Paris but I'm #atheist sorry

US as the self-proclaimed policeman of the world must make everything about itself; US president making statement about Paris attack asap

Praying for all in Paris.unbelievable how many have lost their lives to these terrorists cowards

NOW: Obama makes statement on Paris

What the hell is wrong with people?!!!! Can't believe what I'm hearing about Paris

Prayers up for Paris!! Awful news

The hashtag #PorteOuverte shows beautiful solidarity amid the horror of the Paris shootings. Sending love to all those in Paris tonight.

Obama: This isn't just an attack on Paris, or on France, but on all of humanity and the values that we share. France is our oldest 1/

Multiple attacks have occurred in Paris has breaking updates:

Thinking of people in Paris and I'm so sad for what have happened.

As sad as these events are in Paris, this should be good for $TWTR.   My feed blowing up

Everyone's talking about how Islamophobia will come from the Paris attacks but the first thought I had was that white men were behind it so

Shocking events in Paris, France. Thoughts  prayers to French citizens, the families of the wounded  deeply saddened by the loss of life.

I know sounds naive, how can this happen in Paris. I know it can happen anywhere, but? My sentiments are with Paris

President Obama on Paris attacks: We stand together with France in the fight against terrorism and extremism.

Paris is on lock down due to shootings  bomb scare which cost Germany that game. This will dent Francois Hollande's rising approval ratings

BREAKING NEWS: Obama speaks on Paris attacks

Love and hugs to all in Paris, I hope you  your families are safe. I'm so sorry that this is happening in your beautiful city xx

The Paris #climate talks won't do enough but they'll spur a huge #investment in #renewables.

I bet islam is going to be blamed for the bombings in paris. #BombingsOfParis

U.S. officials say there is no credible threat against the U.S. amid violence in Paris

please Cam wake up, Paris need some prayer

PLEASE STAY SAFE PARIS I LOVE YOU AND YOUR CITY

someone tell me what's happening in Paris pls

My heart goes out to Paris. I wish, so very much, we could stop all the hate and killings. Love and peace, my friends. Love and peace.

So scary what's happening in Paris rn! Praying for the families and everyone involved! #PrayForParis

This world is so fucked up, isis is a fucking jokewhat complete fucking idiots I feel so sad for the families in paris #ParisAttacks

Can't believe what I'm hearing about what's happening in Paris! These sort of things are happening far to often now!!!

All our thought are going out to everyone in Paris right now x #prayforparis

Funs run onto the pitch at the Stade de France - Explosions in Paris 13/11/2015:  putem

So heartbreaking to hear about Paris 3

Paris under attack: Dozens dead, at least 100 held hostage  via

My prayers goes out to all of the people in Paris, this is sick. The world has turned out to be such a dark place, it's scary #PrayforParis

My support and thoughts are for those in Paris. Stay safe.

Our thoughts and prayers are with the people of Paris this evening. Thankful our children and staff are home safe and sound.

When is shit like this gonna stop?Stay safe Paris.

At least 75 dead in multiple attacks and 100 hostage taking in Paris: At least 75 dead in multiple attacks, 10

My word just heard what's happened. Some more pathetic ass holes in Paris. #PrayForParis

It is terrifying and tragic to hear about the multiple attacks in Paris. My thoughts and prayers are with you all

Wow.. So much going on in the world. Prayers go out to those affected in Paris.

#SoundsGoodFeelsGood  have you heard about Paris!!! #PrayForParis stay safe 5sosFam in Paris!!

Terrorist attacks on Paris, 60 dead and 100+ hostages. #PrayForParis

Thoughts and prayers to the people of France and those closest to the terror in Paris. #FuckTerroism

HOLLYWOOD NEWS Police: At Least 26 Dead in Paris, Hostage-Taking in Theater

Just hearing about the terrible events in Paris. Praying for all those involved and their families. #PrayForParis

The Paris attacks are giving me such a terrible flashback of 26/11 Mumbai..Sending out prayers to everyone. #StayStrongParis..

When are we just gonna bomb Isis already? What goes around comes around. God I hope everyone in Paris is okay and hopefully the swat kills!

Omg I'm so sorry for what happened in Paris I hope if there any people living around that area are safe

Praying for Paris is good, acting is better. Politicians and everyone else shouldn't feel forced to think about terrorism after it happened.

LIVE: The president is speaking on the attacks that have killed dozens in Paris. WATCH :

terrorist attack in Paris. 60 dead, 100 held hostage. Really sad..

Shocking news coming in from Paris. The world's gone mad again.

Hi:) My day has been good,until I heard about what is going on in Paris. Another terror attack.. :(

Don't know what to say about Paris so I won't say anything.

Photos: Dozens dead as deadly attacks rock Paris.

Horrifying and heartbreaking news across Paris tonight.

Terrorism has no religion. Even though only Zlatan can save Paris.

Our thoughts and prayers go out to Paris Stay strong..-WOTM

My god! Stay safe in Paris!

thought go to those in suffering and fear in Paris

Horrible news out of Paris tonight. Stay safe. #prayforparis

The situation in Paris is utterly horrific. Thoughts going out to everyone. Heartbreaking.

Listen to live coverage of the tragic events in Paris on  #PrayForParis

Thinking about all the people who passed away in Paris, I feel like bloodshed is never the answer

Horrible, heartbreaking stuff in Paris. My thoughts are with all Parisians

#PrayForParis watching the news Paris was attacked AND THE BAND PLAYING WAS FROM PALM SPRINGS I LIVE IN PALM SPRINGS

The Latest on French Attacks - Former US official said Paris attacks unclear  WWMT3

earthquake/possible tsunami in japan, in paris 600+ people killed and even more held hostage in terrorist attack

J'aime Paris!Sending the people of #Paris some love tonight

At least 60 dead, 100 hostages in multiple attacks around Paris. Watch LIVE:

Shocked by the #Parisattacks - If you live in Paris stay safe at home - #JeSuisParis

keep Paris in your thoughts y'all

#BreakingNews Obama: no details until now on culprits behind Paris attacks

I'm confused how a shooting in Paris is somehow comparable to a protest for equality. America has me confused

Reports that French military will take control over Paris now. People not allowed to leave homes.#ParisShooting

America sha Sharp sharp they are issuing press conference on the Paris attack.

Another vile attack on innocent people by cowardice Muslim scum#parisattacks

Obama calls Paris attacks `outrageous attempt to terrorize innocent civilians' WATCH LIVE:

Prayers for the families of those lost in Paris. May those in mourning feel the comfort of God's love.

My thoughts and prayers are with all the people in Paris. What is going on with the people of this world, why can we not have peace.

Absolutely disgusted and upset at the news coming out of Paris. Thoughts are with everyone involved. Action needs to be took. #PrayForParis

Thoughts and Prayers go out to everyone in Paris and in all of France

Twitter pics show bodies in the In Paris. Via

my thoughts go out to the people of Paris + France tonight, this is sickening and absolutely heartbreaking, stay safe mes amis

So distressing whats going on in Paris rn

#OdavelyMusic The Latest: Explosions Near Paris Stadium Leave Crowd Dazed: The Latest: Hundreds at Paris stadi

Our thoughts and prayers with all affected by the attacks in Paris tonight

Hey i'm so sad 'cause in Paris in France we has an attentat tonight in france it's 11:50 p.m I'm so scared France need help3

I can't do anything about Paris so I'm just going to catch up on my drawing challenge while we wait to hear updates.

Just heard about Paris. Sounds horrid :(

damn, the shit going down in paris scary. :( sending good vibes that way

News: VIDEO: Footage shows Paris attack scenes: At least 18 people have been killed in severa  via

please stop tweeting about a disaster, there is only one disaster tonight and that is in Paris.

I feel blessed when I look at all the fuckry going on in the world, my prayers go out to those in Paris

Prayers out to France, especially the people in Paris. This is a problem that has been going on for years and needs to end now.

Paris explosion heard during France v Germany game

#BreakingNews Photos: At least 18 people were killed in shootings in central Paris late Friday

Everyone stay safe, get in contact with people with DM about finding shelter ( #PorteOuverte ) in Paris dont tweet your location. Much love

Thinking of my fellow French in Paris, we're resilient and we will not let terror dictate our lives #Paris

this is the worst thing to happen inside paris since rick salomon.

So sad whats happening in Paris. Horrible that people can carry out such acts #prayingforParis #ParisShooting

Obama speaking now on #ParisAttacks. Offering prayers and thoughts, support to French. Refuses to speculate on attackers' Allahu Akbar

In Paris, as everywhere, first responders running in where no one else would want to go. #parisattack

These terrorist attacks in Paris are disgusting. Prayers going out to all victims and families

Been in meeting all day. Seeing all these Paris tweets, I have to go see what's up.

Do you know anyone in Paris from Canada who would speak to Global News? #ParisAttacks

President Obama addresses situation in Paris. Pledges America's support and assistance to France.

the killings in paris so sad, thoughts go out to victims and their love ones,football pales into insignificance compared to this,

Absolutely horrible thing to hear about everything going on in Paris. Thoughts go out to anyone caught in or affected by the events

VIDEO: Footage shows Paris attack scenes: At least 18 people have been killed in several sh  #news #socialmedia

This is so sad whats going on in Paris. #PrayForParis

My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Paris. Horrible tragedy.

The news out of Paris just keeps getting worse. This world really sucks sometimes.

Unknown organized group has killed 25+ and taken ~100 hostages in four locations in Paris. Everything else is speculation

I've got an old colleague lives/works in Paris. Keeping everything crossed that she's ok. This is fucking horrible.

Obama to make statement on Paris situation at 5:45 p.m. Eastern  #trade #shares

I see you're a man of my own thoughts Gareth!!! Walking hand in hand through Paris has done FUCK ALL

My thoughts and prayers are with all those affected by the violence in Paris. This is so heartbreaking.  #PrayForParis

Praying for Paris tonight, my god

Unbelievably sad news out of Paris. Horrible.

Terrible news from Paris, my heart goes out to the victims. #PrayForParis

My thoughts to everyone effected in Paris.

VIDEO= EXPLOSION HEARD INSIDE PARIS SOCCER STADIUM

Incredibly scary! Thoughts are with everyone in Paris!!!

Juncker said he is shocked by Paris attacks and shootings (statement)

What a horrible horrible thing that happened in Paris today. My heart goes out to everyone there.

Paris today seems Syrian every day it's normal?!

At least 60 dead in Paris terror attacks Crazy world we live in.

I can't believe what has happened to Paris, Europe  the World this evening. This is such a horrible situation. WHY? WHY? :-( #PrayForParis

Too early to speculate who is responsible for Paris attacks; appears situation is still unfolding.

My heart goes out to everyone in #Paris. Paris will come back. There is 2 much beauty in this world 2 b defeated by ugliness. #goodwins

Praying for Paris Police: At least 35 dead in Paris attacks; hostages taken:  (from

The good and bad of twitter encapsulated as news continues to break from Paris.  A lesson in holding your tongue until more facts are known.

I am deeply shocked with Paris' attacks. My friends are all safe but shootings were in their front doors! #worldsucks

Heartbreaking to hear what is happening in Paris. Thoughts with everyone in France.

Thoughts are with Paris during this horrific time.

Paris AttacksIrish embassy in #Paris+33144176700British embassy in #Paris +33144513100US embassy in #Paris  +33143122222

Unbelievable what's going on in Paris. Sick people in this world. #PrayForParis

How many more hours do we have to pretend the Paris attacks were not done by Muslims?

well this is scary, i'm in the middle of Paris and an attack has taken placeooooooo peace

It's spooky to see the nonsense in my timeline die down little by little as each of my follow-ees realizes what's happening in Paris.

Where next? London Washington D.C Moscow? - first a Russian plane, the Turkish capital and now, Paris.

The stuff in Paris is really scary I hope everyone involved is able to get to safe place.

My favorite European City and the only one I have been to 4 times is Paris.  #PrayersforParis.

Completely torn apart by what's happening in Paris. I can't even to fathom the horror. Stay safe

May the man upstairs be with Paris today and for the days to come.

Yeah, that's terrible. We are ringing the family right now. Do you have some at Paris?

At Least 60 Killed After Shootings, Explosions in Paris; Hostages Taken: Report  via ktla@

PARIS UNDER SIEGE; MANY DEATHS, via / #Paris

Horrified at what's happening in Paris right now.

- so WHAT?? My uncle, cousins, aunt live in France, go 2 Paris regularly-I've not made contact yet-I don't CARE bout a woman's frustration-

Live video stream in English on Paris attacks

My heart and prayer go out to Paris

I am deeply shocked and angry about what happening right now in Paris.

Don't pray for Paris. The guys who did the attacks surely did a lot of praying for them.

My thoughts and prayers goes out to everyone in Paris that's been affected. #PrayForParis

plz spread/RT #PorteOuverte.  ( #OpenDoor )People in Paris are gonna need a place to sleep.

Kittens in Paris, stay safe! Our thoughts are with you!

Source: 100 Hostages, 35-40 Dead in Paris Attacks: Hundreds of people spilled onto the field of the Stade de F

My thoughts are with Paris tonight. Please be safe.

Paris is a wonderful city that is filled with beauty. Thoughts are with #Paris

Paris taking a hit againnot good #beware #vigilant #timetofightback #condolences

praying for everyone in Paris right now, I'm so speechless

If any of my followers are in Paris, I hope you are safe, and can stay safe. Lock your doors. #PrayForParis

I checked the trend. Why arepeople attacking Paris?

Shocking scenes in Paris. Thoughts and prayers go to all those affected

what's happening in paris is so fucking terrifying my prayers are with everyone please stay safe #PrayForParis

I've always wanted to travel to Paris someday. Pretty sad to see what happened.

i totally understand it, my dad was in paris and i was so scared too. Are you scare that the plane get shot?

Horrific and gunmen still on the loose. Paris under siege. So very sad.

Breaking News: Terrorist attacks are presently on-going at a rock concert in Paris, France! confirms that over 60 have been killed!

Praying for Paris, the French people, and families affected.

Paris has stricter gun laws.  Just makes it worse.  Obama just sets the table for the moslem horde

Video reveals moment of explosion at Stade de France during Paris attacks:  #9News

That's so sad aboutwhat happened in Paris..

The City of light has had a power outage, fear not, darkened times are only temporary. Thoughts are with the people of Paris #PrayForParis

I lived in Paris for 4 years and my family still lives there now. My thoughts are with everyone in the city

American Band playing at Bataclan, pretty clear this is terrorism. 6-8 attackers.

French Pres. Francois Hollande has just declared a state of emergency in Paris and closed French borders.

Hollande announcing on BFMTV he is closing the borders for safety of citizens as part of response. #Paris #ParisAttacks

My heart and prayers go out to those in Paris, i hope everything will be better soon

Crazy what's going on in Paris.. Praying that everyone out there is safe

all travel in and out of Paris has been cut off. find some shelter within the city #PorteOuverte

Niggas in paris really goin gorilla!

Just awful news from Paris - if you need help use the hashtag #PorteOuverte - hoping friends are safe

Wait, what's going on in Paris? I'm clueless right now

Thoughts and prayers with Paris.[5 minutes later]So what do you guys think a better name for female Link would've been?

whats going on in paris is so depressing, im crying

So scary  My heart goes out to those in Paris.

amen yes pray 4 paris and we love u katy takecare godbless

Prayers to our friends in Paris.Ted, let us know you're safe.

These words mean fuck all but my heart is going out to everyone who have been effected by the fucking scum attacking Paris. #ParisAttacks

what's happening in Paris right now is horrendousso please, stop with the emojis

Bloody hell those Paris images and stories are terrifying #PrayForParis

Holy fuck what the fuck has been going on in Paris

thoughts and prayers go to the people of the city of Paris. so sad that something this sad can happen to such a beautiful city. Be safe!

Can't believe what's happening in Paris. This makes me so sad:(

Isis already has a hashtag celebrating Paris attacks

Keeping everyone in Paris in my thoughts. Devastating.

Sending every ounce of my love to everyone affected by the horrible events in Paris. I am in tears. No words for this.

6 days ago I was in Paris. What's happening there now is so scary thank god I'm home

Paris shooting killed and injured after 'grenade attacks' across French capital with hostages taken | via

Paris and all of my friends I love you all very much. Please stay safe.

Around 40 dead and 100 captured, my thoughts are with everyone in Paris. I hope you all stay safe.

Live: Hostages taken in Paris attacks, police say #Australia #Breaking News

Terrible to hear all what's happening in Paris right now ;( Prayers go out to all of those involved. #ParisShooting

Best of luck Paris. Stay safe. Don't bow to violence.

Paris attacks: Eye-witnesses report scenes of carnage following 'multiple attacks' on French capital #StadedeFrance

best wishes to everyone in paris right now :S

please share #porteouverte as widely as you can with your many friends for those seeking safety in Paris #porteouverte

Such a beautiful city - heartbreaking news out of Paris! #ParisShooting

Breaking: French President Hollande declares state of emergency for all of France after Paris attacks, borders closed

Prayers up for everyone in Paris. This shouldn't happen to anyone, anywhere.

I can't believe this news coming out of Paris right now. Praying for them with everything I have

Praying for the people of Paris.  God protect us all and shield us from evil.

Paris Terror Attack Update: Death Toll Climbs to 60, Says French Media (Watch Live Feed)

Laurence Delorme, what is going on over there? Terrorist attracts on Paris! #PrayforParis

an active shooter in paris  you're busy using the death of 18 people to lecture u.s. college kids on oppression? :/

I am so lost about this paris thing

What the absolute fuck is happening in Paris -

5:30 Explosion and deadly shootings rock Paris France. Right now reports 60 people dead but numbers keep changing

What can you say right now, other than Allez le France. Hold strong, Paris.

Actually crazy whats going on in Paris!

MORE: French President announces travel restrictions, military being deployed around Paris

French President Francois Hollande declares a state of emergency, orders borders closed #ParisAttacks #Paris

Heart breaking for the people of Paris right now

PARIS FRANCE DECLARES A STATE OF EMERGENCY AND HAVE CLOSED ALL BORDER LINES.#RONFROMLASVEGAS

My heart goes out to Paris, I hope this nightmare ends soon :(

Really, really, REALLY not the time to talk about your trip to Paris, guys.

Please watch over Paris tonight. Keep them safe, heal their hurts. Time for words tommorow. Tonight, only love.

thoughts are with those in Paris , and who have lost loved ones, sososo horrible

God this is horrifying. My prayers go out to everyone in Paris

French President Hollande says France is in a state of emergency as several dozen were killed in the Paris attacks

Horrible whats happened in Paris right now i was there 2 weeks ago thoughts are with everyone. #PrayForParis

Rip to everyone who has died in paris tonight

Friday the 13th = Terrorist attacks in Paris, 7.0 earthquake in JapanAll in favor of months ending on the 12th and making a few new ones?

Sickened by the news coming out of Paris. When will this madness ever end?

Talk about this -  Paris attacks: 60 reported killed, NOT CARSON. BE A LEADER

I just post a tweet about the #wordkindnessday and now reading about Paris. When is this going to end? #prayforParis #penseesemues #Paris

God bless Paris and France tonight. #ParisAttacks

People are still dying in Paris and RWNJs are already parading the bodies around for political points. Trash then, trash now, trash forever.

President Hollande has declared a state of emergency and closed all French borders. Several attacks happened simultaneously in Paris. #hell

I just logged in to see something happened in Paris. What's going on?

When are the French in Paris and elsewhere going to stand up and kick the dirty muzzies to the curb.

My thoughts and prayers go out to the people of Paris, this is a messed up world we live in #ParisShooting

at least 3 attacks in Paris, at least 60 hostages held at concert hall and around 40 reported dead

People get your priorities straight! There's an earthquake in Japan, explosions in Lebanon and people are being killed in Paris!

What is the world coming to? Heartbreaking news about Paris tonight. Those poor poor people #paris

please tweet #PorteOuverte to your millions of followers it's a hashtag to help people get safe in Paris off the streets

Police: At least 35 dead in Paris, 100 taken hostage in theater

Pray for Japan  pray for Paris aldubnation #prayforjapan #prayforparis #ALDUBHappyBdayLOLA

I.. I can't believe it. All my thoughts going to the people in Paris. #PrayForParis

Goodnight twitter I cannot bear what's going on in Paris we as a species are doomed :( my dears

pray for Paris y'all. Such a beautiful place.

When you want to know what is going on in Paris and the Huffington Post think that you should watch a 1:15 advert for AOL first

Paris Attacks: Hostages Taken at Eagles of Death Metal Concert, 15 Reported Dead: UPDATE: Fren

It may happen anywhere. Today is Paris. Tomorrow it may be my country or yours. Terrible.

God Bless Paris and everybody affected by this terrorist attack on Paris.The French President has closed the French borders. God Bless Paris

So sad for the people of Paris having to go through this yet again.

My heart goes out to all those in Paris affected by the attacks. So shocked. #ParisAttacks #Paris

My brother is in #Paris on vacation and is close to the attacks.  Hope for no more violence to follow this terrible attack. #ParisAttacks

I've already said a prayer for Paris. I should also log off.

We must not tolerate terrorism at all. The Attack on #paris is an attack against us all. #ParisAttack #Paris

U.S. not increasing security following Paris attacks: official

Germany team leave Paris hotel after bomb threat

I have the chills hearing about what's going on in Paris

State of emergency declared in Paris. French borders have been closed. Obama said earlier today that #Isis is contained. #ParisAttacks

Its going down in Paris right now

Our hearts with you #Paris #ParisShooting #Morrissey I'm Throwing My Arms Around Paris

today was supposed to be such a great day, but now my heart is breaking for all the innocent people in Paris. #PrayForParis

Other shootings are currently happening all over Paris!!! I've never seen something like that!!! When will it stop?!? #PrayForParis

coincidence I'm sure.. Paris attack sickening Peter. The enemy walks among us  we can't see them.

fancy doing a life story on any of the presidents of the world or David Cameron? Horrible for Paris, surely enough is enough

Sending love to all those is Paris right now #PrayForParis

The Paris attacks are concerning enough, I'm waiting for the DFB to say everyone is safely back in Munich

Terrible to hear about the attacks in Paris! #jesuisfrancais #noussommesunis

Donald stop with the politicking. Please pray for Paris. Is under attack

This world is an awful place. Praying for Paris..

Shocking news coming from France. Stay strong Paris. Stand tall.

What  is happening in Paris is totally unacceptable.States need to unite and wipe ISIS out by its roots

Former U.S. official: Too early to know who is responsible for Paris attacks:

#paris #france if you are in Paris, please keep out of the streets and let the emergency services conduct their operations.

Just awful what is happening in Paris. Thoughts with those affected. Goddamn terrorists need to get a life. They won't win.

Praying right now for those affected by the horrific attacks in Paris today!! #PrayForParis

#StLucia News Online: BREAKING NEWS: Paris shootings and explosions near Stade de France kill 18

French authorities to close borders to prevent more attacks #ParisAttacks

PARIS IS UNDER ATTACK AND YOURE PROMOTING A SINGLE

Why Paris?  This is so sick!  Thoughts are with my French friends.  #StaySafe  xxx

Paris have imposed a travel ban - all borders are closed! #PrayForParis

If you're in #Paris  haven't already heard try #portouverte if you need somewhere safe to stay.#ParisAttacks #France #franceshooting

I'm with Paris, my people, heart and soul. Hearing the testimonies is awful enough can't imagine living it.

Thoughts and prayers go out for friends and family in Paris right now #PrayForParis

I am frightened for Paris,shaking,crying and so angry right now.

praying for the people of Paris, we mourn with you all.#PrayersforParis

What the heck is going on in PARIS? Omg

I am speechless. Thoughts and prayers to all in the great city of Paris.

Oh Paris, this is gruesome. The immense feeling of helplessness is disturbing and sickening. I only hope the Parisians I know are alive.

Horrible to hear about these developments in Paris. What is our world sometimes

Just waiting for some uneducated thick to blame whats happening in Paris on the refugees, honestly can't comprehend the stupidity

EVERYONE IN FRANCE, ESPECIALLY PARIS, PLEASE STAY SAFE!!!

Damn. 36 dead so far in Paris. Smh.

#fusillade #Bataclan #paris Stay Calm, Stay Strong. Paris has prevailed and will prevail

My prayers go out to Paris right now!

Come back home to hear that Paris has been shot up in seemingly co-ordinated attacks :( ughfuck, so aweful, none of us are safe.

Sad to hear about terrorist attacks in beautiful Paris. Thoughts go out to the friends and family that lost loved ones today #PrayForParis

its fucking unbelievable, reports coming in from all over Paris, shocking.

#Hollande calls out #nationalemergency all boarders closed! French #army parades in #Paris #ParisAttacks #PrayForParis #JeSuisParis

Thinking of you Paris. We stand beside you x

#BreakingNews Paris attacks not just on people of France but on 'all humanity': Obama

Please Obama, do something for Paris.

My prays go out to every family and friend of the people how have died do to the bombs in Paris #praysforparis

Can't believe it If you need help in Paris tweet using #PorteOuverte Be safe! x

Everything is going downhill in Paris right now

French border has been closed due to the shootings in Paris. A week after us being there. Stunned to fuck rn.

Hollande has deployed military around Paris. #ParisShooting #ParisAttacks

Fuck me what is going on in Paris

many dozens of dead in Paris, state of emergency declared

parents and little sister just flew to france yesterday, praying for not only my family but everyone in paris right now

#JeSuisParis My heart goes out to the people caught up in the tragedy unfolding in Paris.

Thoughts  prayers for Paris I'm shocked

Such devastating news re Paris fatalities tonight.Let's hope for positive outcomes

Praying for everyone in Paris. Stay safe. This world is a scary place..

My wife and I were in Paris 5 weeks ago and that trip makes what is going on much more frightening. God Bless Parisians #ParisAttacks

President Obama speaks about Paris attacks

Love you, Paris. So much love.

I despair for the world I have brought 2 children into. NY, London, Paris united by tragedy #PrayForParis

Thoughts and best hopes go out to Paris, the hostages and the families of the attacked along with other areas of the world where it's common

My Thoughts and Prayers go out to everyone affected tonight in Paris! This madness has to Stop :(

I was just in Paris a couple months ago and it's such a beautiful, amazing city, what a goddamn shame. My heart goes out to France!

// Yeah, I'm also hearing of people RPing what's occurring in Paris, I hope it isn't true, if I see it on my TL you're out for good.

Earthquake in Japan, violence in Paris, ugh.

French President closing borders, declaring state of emergency after Paris attacks

Obama condemns 'outrageous' Paris attacks, vows terrorists will face 'justice'  #TCOT #THEMBNG

I honestly couldn't care less about the duet right now innocent people are being slaughtered one by one in Paris

Just straight up sad about the attacks in paris right nowwhat a sick fucking world we live in

Deeply disturbed and shocked watching the attacks in Paris unfold. Thoughts go out #paris

VIDEO: Report: As many as 60 hostages held in Paris nightclub  via

Paris, I hope everyone is okay and safe, shocked

First Mizzou, then Paris, now Japan. The end to this week has been awful, to say the least. #PrayForMizzou #PrayForParis #prayforjapan

First Japan and now Paris. What a terrible Friday the 13th.  #PrayForJapan #PrayForParis

Hard to believe Paris is under attack again. In this dark moment, our thoughts are with you, city of light.

would you be able to look into Facebook turning on Facebook Safety Check for Paris?

President Obama condemns 'outrageous' attacks in Paris, reports

Blog Post: Watch The Moment An Explosion Rocked A Soccer Match In Paris -

This news out of Paris is just getting worse and worse. Fuck. #prayforparis

this society needs a change.. What happened in Paris is heartbreaking #prayforparis

#PrayForParis so so horrible I can't imagine how devastating and heartbreaking that must be :( my heart goes out to everyone in Paris

Just heard about the situation in Paris. Sounds absolutely terrifying. Thoughts to those nearby.

My prayer goes to the people of Paris

Praying for Di Maria and his family who couldn't bear a burglary in Manchester so they moved to Paris

Tragic story from Paris and a whole lot of prayers. Humanity will prevail because we seek to free people, not oppress. Time will show that.

Let's go to sleep in Paris, wake up in Tokyo

At least 100 being held hostage at Bataclan, according to France 24. Venue holds over 1000 people. #paris

Paris attacks: Dozens dead and hostages held at Bataclan-7 minutes ago-

#fhollande #Welt #lemondefr #BBCworld #BarackObama Impeach #Merkel, in direct responsibility of Paris atrocity behind Islamisation of EU !

Such horrible news from Paris. My heart goes out to the people of France.

BRO, are you in Paris right now? are you safe?????

Terrible scenes emerging in Paris. Thinking of all those involved.

Terrible scenes in Paris. Prayers are with those who are affected.  #ParisAttack

Was all of this bollocks in Paris worth one butchers life?

i live in Paris and i'm so scared, please tell me something!!

you ok out in Paris pal

Paris Attack: Hollande declares state of emergency, closes borders, advises people to stay at home

My heart breaks for the people of Paris and what they are going through

Just sick watching reports of what is happening in Paris.

Asshole uses murders in Paris to mock the idea that consumers should know where their purchases come from.

Hostages taken at SoCal group's concert in Paris:  #prayforparis

Heart warming to see #PorteOuverte trending on Twitter, with people in Paris offering others somewhere safe to stay should they need it 3

Pray for the victims and their families in Paris tonight #ParisAttacks

Shootings and bombs all over paris. More than 35 dead. Scarry

what has happened in paris is tragic but can u stop using the deaths as an excuse to force your islamaphobic/xenophobic agenda. #Pray4Paris

Hate what's happened in Paris. Why do some people have to be such assholes

A vigil for Paris. Prayers and thoughts. #FusilladeParis #ParisShooting. Violence is never a solution

theres a big possibility that this will happen to paris bc mockingjay part 2 will be out in a week

So, so sad what's happening in Paris. Terrifying.

Worst violence Paris has seen since WWII -France 24

Be aware of wat happens in Paris, it is terrible!

Thoughts with all those tragically killed. BBC News - Paris attacks: Dozens dead and hostages held at Bataclan

To the people making jokes about Paris tonight you have lost all of my respect every last bit of it

Crazy shit going on in Paris tonight.

French President Francois Hollande has declared a state of emergency after gunmen killed 15 people in Paris.

Retweeted IDF Elite ALERT: Any Israelis caught up in Paris terror attacks are urged to call the Embassy on +33 1 40.76.55.00.

Jesus christ wake up from a long ma[ and Paris is under assault.

So sad what just happened in Paris hope them terrorist don't come here to the US

Everybody needs to pray for Paris what a disturbing and sad day for the French people

Multiple Attacks Hit Paris Area in Night of Deadly Terror  Please pray for Paris

Cowards attack innocents in Paris.  So sad.

wait what happened to japan and paris?

Do you EVEN KNOW WHAT IS HAPPENNING IN PARIS?

FIXNews reporting that there are 6 different locations of ongoing terror attacks in Paris.

My heart is so heavy for Paris. Shit is crazy.

Also, follow #PorteOuverte if you need or can provide shelter in Paris

Getting in from a fun day seeing how humanity reaches out to others. Now catching up with whats happening in Paris. Shaken by the horror.

Six different attack locations in Paris right now. This is a war.

My heart and prayers go out to the people of Paris right now.

My love to all in Paris, so much fear and sorrow. Thoughts for safety and shelter to all.

Saying a prayer for the people of Paris. Can't believe what the world's coming to. The good guys always win Always.

Cirfew first time in paris since 1994  #Paris

multiple explosions and shootings across Paris. Hostages taken at a rock concert, France is on lockdown all borders closed

All this Paris stuff is crazythoughts and prayers with the victim's families

Horrifying, horrifying news from Paris. Praying, hoping.

What is going on with the world that some arseholes can cause so much hurt and pain!!! Stay strong Paris!!

terrorist attack in Paris. Shootings at several places, 3 explosions, at least 40 killed, 60-100 ppl held hostage

Schools to remain closed across Paris tomorrow. #ParisUnderAttack

thanks for your support, it's really a mess here in Paris #PrayForParis  #paris #fusillade

Paris has never felt closer! Hope my colleagues over there are all safe and sound. #Paris

Oh my goodness.  This violence in Paris is unbelievable.

So scary, thoughts with those affected by recent attacks in Paris

Crazy to think my family is only 20 minutes away from everything that is happening in Paris #PrayForParis

Can i stream news about paris on something?

It is heart breaking what is happening in Paris right now

Terrible news out of Paris. Hoping the authorities get the situation under control.

I'm horrified and unfathomed. My thoughts and prayers go out to not just the victims in Paris but anybody that is affected by violence

Several dozen dead as terror takes to the streets of Paris in at least 5 attacks ! Thoughts  solidarity with France NOW

So what I'm gathering is that there are literally running gun battles in Paris right now and a concert was taken hostage? That accurate?

At least 60 dead victims in Paris attack What's happening in the world? Yesterday Beirut today Paris. #PrayForParis #PrayForBeirut

Retweeted Nina Nesbitt Sending love to everyone in Paris tonight, so awful, such a beautiful

Thoguhts to all affected by the cowardly, evil terrorists in Paris. And they will find you!

between the earthquake in japan and the attacks in paris, today has been an awful and scary day and my heart goes to those affected

If you need somewhere safe to go/stay in Paris use #PorteOuverte 2find kind Parisians opening homes2help.Pass it on.

This situation in Paris is sad. Really sad.

I can't believe what happened in Paris, what a wicked world we're living in

Paris, this is escalating way too quickly, how many attacks will there be? This is really scary #PrayForParis

I'm a French who live just near Paris. That's so terrific and nobody knows yet how it's gonna end

So sad what is happening in Paris smdh.

Thank you for keeping me updated during this whole Paris thing #PrayForParis

MY THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS GOES OUT TO THE PEOPLE IN PARIS. WORLD VIOLENCE IS GETTING RAPID!!!

Our hearts go out to all the people affected by tonights senseless and gutless attacks in Paris.

The fact that these terror attack in Paris were orchestrated on Friday the 13th makes me wonder.

I can only imagine the fear gripping my Brown  Muslim siblings who know the social wrath they will face for being Brown and Muslim in Paris

Some awful cowards in this world shocking scenes in paris sadly everything but a suprise

So sad what's happening in Paris. #prayforparis France

Tears For PARIS-Again Like in the Jewish deli attacks and charlie hebdo- this Even worse Targeting young People-Soccer-MetalSHOW

Prayers for the people in Paris, over 40 dead and more than 50 hostages from various coordinated attacks.  The

Earthquakes in Japan and terrorist attacks in Paris. This is literally terrifying. Stay safe everyone.

Stupid what's happening in Paris we really need to take this war to them now. And I mean full war not a police action

I can't believe this So sad. Paris :(

Damn the CIA really schemin in Paris smh

TV news censoring an awful lot about events in Paris.

Thoughts go out to those in Paris and surrounding areas. Absolutely horrendous.

Sickening stuff in Paris though seriously

I am horrified about what's going on in Paris right now! Grateful my friends seem to all be safe. My thoughts to everyone over there.

Can't reach one of my best friend who lives in Paris. Sick with worries. Please be safe, Christophe. Je t'aime.

If anyone has important messages about what's happening in paris, I'm happy to RT so they reach more people. #PrayForParis #PorteOuverte

Horrific scenes in Paris, thinking of all those affected  hope those responsible are found  held accountable #ParisAttacks #PrayForParis

Freelance cameraman tells BBC News the army has arrived in central Paris and going through streets now #ParisAttack

Bomb threat forces Germany out of Paris hotel -

how fuckin suicide bombing can happen in Paris ??? FUCKIN SUICIDE BOMBING.

Wank I know in the army posting this shit after what's goin doon in Paris. Facists having a field day

Terrorist attack in Paris, Tsunami alert in Japan, PM Modi in the UK!?My God, why do bad things happen in the world.

Praying for Paris multiple fatalities and dozens injured in an apparent terrorist attack! May God be with those

60 people dead in Paris. Another terrorist attack

Do not allow these attacks in Paris to lead to giving up freedoms for overt surveillance.

Calling to Circle all Witches. Protect the innocents in Paris! So Mote It Be.

Tell me again how we should be tolerant? Paris attacks: 60 reported killed; hostage situation ongoing

Praying for the victims in Paris, so much shit is happening in the world!

So I don't even live in Paris but I'm so scared of  that and very concerned, I'm  crying for all dead people, #staystrongparis

Horrible news in Paris, stay strong people.

Paris -100 Held hostage in dance hall. They have suicide vest on

My heart goes out to anyone affected by the events in Paris today #PrayForParis

Thinking of friends and colleagues based in Paris. Please stay safe. #PrayforParis

I'm not even in Paris and I'm afraid to go outside

Whole of Paris needs to stand together and fuck these mindless killers up ! There sub human scum #prayforparis

Not sure what to say, paris is in shock  and so are we. The show is cancelled  ofcourse. We'll be back. More news soon. Hope you are all ok

Retweeted Albert Mohler Praying for all in Paris, France as the crisis unfolds. May God help and protect all under threat.

What ever is happening in Paris is absolutely insane. Stay safe people.

So desperately sad to wake up to the news of Paris. I was there just two months ago. Stay strong France. #JeSuisParis

The Paris news is absolutely horrifying. Thoughts are with the people of Paris

Praying for the people in Paris, France as this tragedy continues to unfold.

This Paris situation keeps getting worse, I could literally cry.

#Alert #Reuters Britain's Cameron expresses shock on Paris attack, offers help  via

Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in Paris tonight. #Slovenia stands with #France

Not gonna lie I am currently so scared in my hotel from In Paris at the moment, now the borders are being closed

an immense sense of sadness for what's going on in paris. Nothing but prayers

Whole Paris situation is so damn sad

Sending all my thoughts to Paris #PrayForParis

I stand with Paris, Palestine, Yemen, Burma, Lebanon, Turkey, Algeria etc

Its a nightmare here in Paris. Bombing and shooting everywhere. Hope 4 the best #prayforparis #tousunis

Paris is a war zone. Thoughts are with all those affected. #Pray4Paris

Why do i live in Paris ?

President Obama Issues a Statement on the Paris Attacks - YouTube

Blaming on religion what is happening in Paris Pure ignorance

Is feeling sick after hearing about the events in Paris. My thoughts to all those effected :(

Any concealCarry citizens in Paris theater?#P2 #tcot #sgp #teaparty #uniteblue #progressive #jcot #fyi #mtv #left

: sad on Paris,impressed by international media on images; no bodies, injured or security plans

Unbelievable. Keeping Paris  those affected in my thoughts. #ParisShooting #ParisAttacks

BREAKING: At least 40 dead, 60 wounded in Paris attacks, police source says.

All prayers is going to Paris right nowthis is terrible smh. #ParisShooting #ParisAttacks

praying for all of my family  everyone else in Paris. this is all incredibly heartbreaking. #PrayForParis

Our thoughts and prayers are with Paris, France

I'm getting so emotional over the whole paris thing. please please stay safe

#PrayForParis  God, why this has to happen?! Please, stop this, guys (in Paris) stay safe, everything's gonna be alright, alright?

Immigration and what happened tonight in Paris are two very distinct issues.

What they did in Paris was wrong, but it's not going to make it any better calling them pakis, now that's just stupid

It's all good. Please, no reason to look for disagreement now. Focus on Paris.

Love and Prayers go out to those affected in Paris and Japan.

Just absolutely heartbreaking what's happening in Paris. Thoughts and prayers.

My heart goes out to all those in Paris right now, the world can be a disgusting place at times. #PrayForParis

Deeply saddened and frustrated by the terrorist attacks in Paris right now. #PrayingForParis

[Text] /u/repie's live feed of tonight's Paris Attacks. I'm in West Africa and terror stricken. ;(

My heart, thoughts and prayers are with the people and families of Paris. #PrayForParis

sorry, focus on Paris just now, terrorist attack, 60 dead, 100 hostages. State of emergency declared, army in streets

#ParisAttacks - Police are advising residents of huge swaths of Paris to stay inside.

Seems like the perfect evening to clean the guns, double check the gear, take an inventory on supplies, and pray for those in Paris.

hi i was sleeping what happened in paris

i'm not really sure what's happening in paris but anyone who lives there please stay safe!! ;; #PrayForParis

Paris terror bloodbath, coordinated attacks: Gunmen, hostages, dozens dead, blast at busy

My sincerest condolences to the people of Paris. This is completely heartbreaking.

Should have moment of silence for massacre in Paris

Now Paris knows what the people of go through every day, our prayers are with the people of France #StopTheTerror

Thinking of everyone in Paris tonight 3 the # is beautiful, not adding text so not to clog for people who need it tonight.

Breaking: A suicide bomber behind one of the explosions near Paris stadium - sources to AFP.

Prayers for those affected by the Paris attacks! No one knows who did it so the Islamophobia needs to stop! #Prayers4Paris #jn8104

Sad and speechlessMy thoughts are with my family and friends in Paris.

Shocking news from Paris. Thoughts with those involved. Heartened by #PorteOuverte offering help in times of crisis.

I might be calling a college basketball game, but my heart and thoughts are with those over in Paris right now. Heartbreaking.

May bomb attack at terrorist attack sa Paris. Goooosh :0

So shady to hear the terrible news from Paris this evening. #prayforparis

I'm so sorry but everyone's thinking about Paris right now #PrayForParis

To Paris With Love. Our prays are with all you #PrayForParis #JonathanRhysMeyers

BREAKING: It appears there have been multiple terrorist attacks in Paris. The French president has declared a

I pray my family and friends in Paris are safe!  Please send me a message. My prayers are with all Paris and

Ce soir, le monde entier est avec Paris Tonight, the whole world is with Paris#ParisAttacks

Thoughts are with all those in Paris right now. Terrible, terrible stuff.

this is so scary I cant imagine what they must be feeling in Paris holy shit

If you're a using this tragedy in Paris to spit a hot take, you're the worst kind of person. I wish you would switch with a hostage.

Feeling helpless and very human. My heart is breaking for the people of Paris.

You're a fucking hero if you're offering shelter in Paris right now.

Not here for any islamaphobic bullshit in regards to what's happening in Paris. Stfu and have some respect #PrayersForParis #ParisAttacks

Prayers going out to Paris, and all those injured, killed and held hostage. #SadWorld

Our thoughts go out to everyone in Paris and Japan right now, stay safe everyone. Please.

Paris Attacks: Katy Perry, Harry Styles, Nick Jonas  More Send Prayers to Paris  via

In Paris looking for shelter, hashtag #PorteOuverte. (Open Door) Parisians will let you in their home.

Yo what's happening in Paris is crazy man I hope those people will be okay

Absolutely! I really hope they stop this in Paris

Stay Safe Paris! Sweden are standing with you!

France closes borders. What borders??? Man just shot up Paris: taxi to Charles de Gaulle, s'il vous plait! Of course. Ridiculous measures.

UPDATE: Authorities now say they believe the various attacks in Paris were a coordinated assault

Deadly terrorist attack in Paris. 60 dead. Many others held hostage. France closes it's borders

Thoughts and prayers for everyone in Paris. Absolutely awful that these type of things happen in our world.

Gob bless everyone in Paris. Be safe and R.I.P. to those who lost their lives so far

Black Friday mishap! Terrorist attack in Paris! (At least) 40 dead and 100 hostaged! #PrayforParis

My prayer goes to everyone in Paris tonight

this shit in Paris is wild oh my god

Its scary watching this. Imagine the people of Paris right there on the ground.. OMG! #StayStrong

Pray for Paris this is fucked up, people are fucked up

This might be a little early, but it's definitely ISIS, right? Paris, we love you, and we're with you. Stay strong.

Not a single person will say two simple words about Paris. I pray for our Gallic cousins.#Muslims#Islam

The world can be a terrifying place, thoughts and prayers go out to all in Paris. Absolutely heartbreaking. #PrayForParis

nobody gives a fuck about that prick bashur look what's happening in Paris

Praying for all those caught up in the tragedy unfolding in Paris #prayforParis #ParisAttacks

Barack Obama: Paris shootings are an attack on all of humanity.

Our thoughts are with everyone in Paris. If you are concerned about family and friends please contact the Embassy

Was going to post a stupid tweet  then heard about what's happening in Paris, absolutely horrific. /3

Thinking about people of Paris tonight. Such sad news. Such cruelty.

My prayers are with the people of Paris Lord be with them.. #paris

Following a series of attacks in Paris, leaving 60+ people dead and 100 hostages, we #PrayforParis

Stuff thats going on in paris is disgusting

This has really been a shock to me. I live only 6h away from Paris. Can't imagine what they are going through #PrayForParis #PrayForFrance

all my thoughts and prays for the victims and ppl affect on paris and japan

People slate the police but these officers out in Paris are putting their life's at risk to save the hostages #PrayForParis

It's a scary world man. Keep Paris in your thoughts tonight.

Shooting in Paris  Many killed and injured in 3 separate attacks - YouTube

Hope everyone is safeIn paris or not..just be safe pls.#PrayForParis

BBC Alert! VIDEO: Blast heard during Paris football match  #News

20 Fantastic Family Hotels Around Disneyland Paris  #disneylandparis #parishotels

Paris going crazy Japan just had a earthquake somebody in the government is about to do some sneaky shit

WTF? First Paris, now Japan? #WorstFridayEver #PrayForJapan #PrayForParis

Awful news from Paris. Our thoughts are with those affected and the emergency services responding.

let's ser how bad and ignorant the man is. One of the most amazing cities in the world just survive,all caused by violence. Pray for Paris.

Prayers going out to Paris. Such a cruel world we live in with some messed up people. Unbelievable

Paris attacks: 60 reported killed; hostage situation ongoing  Prayers for a global end to terrorist.

Hostage situation why some people do these things to innocent people:( Reading news from Paris:(

Paris happens everyday in Gaza Damascus Baghdad Kabul - but nobody bats eyelid till it happens on our front door.Condolences 2 all victims

this paris shit is freaking me out fdsao

Share #portouvert if you are in Paris, and can house someone unable to go home! #Paris #PrayForParis #waronterror

Just heard about the attacks in Paris, especially at the Bataclan!! Shocked by the news :( #PrayForParis

Breaking News: Paris attack Over 60 Dead  over 100 hostages held at Bataclan, at least 2 suicide bombers involved.

Come out of an amazing live show to the devastating news about Paris. Was floating on air now back to earth with a bang

Horrific attacks in Paris. Please pray for calm  perpetrators be brought to justice. Prayers for victims and families.

It's so sad what is happening in Paris right now. These videos are devastating. #Prayers4Paris

French police have confirmed two suicide attacks and one bombing near the Paris stadium.

Paris shootings, explosions leave at least 39 dead  via

terrorist attacks/hostage situation in Paris, earthquake in Japan, attacks in Lebanon? I believeworld's headed for hell

People of colour in Paris be safe, cos u kno it's gonna mean more islamophobia and racist violence

Fans crowd Stade de France pitch after Paris shootings: A shadow was cast over the international when reports

per here's a good live news feed from Paris:

Explosions heard, French president evacuated from France-Germany match amid Paris attacks: Details are still emerging about reported

What's going on in Paris is horrific. This is unbelievable

Oh Paris, may peace find its way to engulf your hearts, your broken, and your land.  #Prayers4Paris

Attn: tourists in Paris, or anyone needing shelter.

My good friend Polly lives only a few blocks from the Bataclan. Praying for everyone in Paris tonight.

Horrible things happening in Paris, I dont understand the minds of terrorists.  Pray for all

Sick to my stomach over the violence in Paris right now.. #Pray4Paris

Paris needs to be focused on right now terrorism doesn't happen because of a certain race or religion but by someone's mindset #prayforparis

- Bombing/Shooting in Paris.- Eartquake in Japan.WELCOME TO FRIDAY THE 13th.#PrayForParis #PrayForJapan

No words describe this horror in Paris our thoughts are with the families of all affected as we pray for safe release of those in captivity.

If you are lucky enough to have lived in Pariswherever you go for the rest of your life, it stays with you, for Paris is a moveable feast

Our world is one scary ass place. Prayers for everyone in Paris xoxo

its about the terrorist attacks in paris.

Prayers for France and Paris in the midst of the unimaginable #France #Paris

Perhaps most sickening timeline I've had since joining Twitter. The Paris events  reaction to it from some who seem to know best #tricolour

Incomprehensible scenes in Paris, and we're light years away from a solution to the wider issue #PrayForParis

#NYTimes Live Coverage: Paris Attacks: Follow live coverage from Times reporters as the situati  #WorldRSSFeeds

This is why Europe should not allow refugees flood into their countries.Pray for Paris

Just awful. Paris shooting leaves leaves 60 feared dead in 'terror attack' | Daily Mail Online

#Politics: 2016 Presidential Candidates Respond to Paris Attacks: Presidential contenders of  via

*gets home, sees about Paris* oh god

I won't be doing hockey tonight.  Just too heartsick over Paris.  I just want to cuddle with my animals and hide from the world.

Disgusted to hear what has happened in Paris. Things are getting out of hand and nobody seems to have a plan to keep Europe's cities safe.

doors locked  curtains drawn in Paris restaurant near 10th arrondissement shooting. We are calm  staying inside #ParisAttacks

These attacks in Paris are awful and they coincide with stuff to from the qur'anSAHIH INTERNATIONAL For each

I hope everyone stays safe and that this is resolved soon so Paris can mourn it's loss.

Stay safe and strong Paris People!

BREAKING: French police confirm two suicide attacks, one bombing near Paris stadium.

Breaking News : 60 dead in Paris.Emergency declare in France.Borders closed and Curfew in Paris #parisshooting #parisexplosion

Retweeted The White House Watch the full statement from on the attacks in Paris.

Let me know, everybody ok in Paris??? Steph Pockets and I r so worried about that.

Have been following events in Paris. Bloody hell! They're not all that far from the hotel we stayed at 3 months ago.

Honestly can't believe what's happening in Paris, its scary how close it is to home

Thoughts and prayers are with the people of Paris. This senseless and unprovoked violence aimed at innocent people needs to stop.

,Ms. A, have u heard the news?please think thoroughly abt ur christmas holiday in paris.#ALDUBBirthdayPLAN

Israel = Paris  = New York. Hamas = Isis  = Hizballa !!!Abu Mazen, IS THERE ANY OCCUPATION IN PARIS ???

if any of you harmos live near Paris, just know how much love I am sending you and your family's way, please please stay safe I love you

This paris shit is so bugged out manprayers up!

God this Paris thing is really awful.

reports 60 now dead in Paris attacks. #BREAKINGNEWS #Paris, #Paris Attack

Hey everyone! I'm okay! I'm far from Paris! Thank you everyone for checking on me..

Some of these people complaining about the Paris jokes are the same people who make 9/11 jokes.so

Paris, you are on our minds tonight

It saddens me that these things are going on in Paris tonight. To those living in those areas affected please stay safe. #PrayForParis

Thoughts and prayers for the people in Paris  Beruit..#Paris  #beruit

Prepare a taxi im leaving Paris now

My heart goes out to all those effected in Paris. This is horrible.

I'm going for a prayer request for Paris later on Touch Point

Paris, and everyone who was affected by today's senseless violence, is in our thoughts and prayers. #PrayForParis

I can't even believe what's going on in Paris.

Praying for Paris. Such senseless loss of life. Such senseless violence. Sending love and light. #PrayForParis

My heart is hanging heavy with you, Paris. #PrayForParis

Travel updates from Bristol Airport to Paris CDG after #ParisAttacks

If you have family in Paris, these are really helpful.

I know this is a scary time but Paris you're in our thoughts and prayers. please be safe #PrayForParis

News from Paris is dreadful says Narendra Modi

So sad that a terrorist attack has happened in France #ParisAttacks #godbless

Horrible news from Paris. The fact people can still do this is a fucking disgrace. My thoughts go out to the victims families #PrayForParis

AT LEAST 35 DEAD IN ATTACKS IN PARIS AND 100 HOSTAGES REPORTED TAKEN AT CONCE//t.co/m28mCh2Gb2

lets pray for paris AND every other country in which people live like this everyday

This is unbelievable what's happening in #Paris my thoughts go straight to the fellow music fans every1 stay safe! #ParisAttacks

This is really scary Poor innocent people killed and for WHAT! Je Suis Paris

Police: At Least 35 Dead in Paris Attacks; Hostages Taken: At least 100 hostages have been taken in a theater.

Hollande: Several dozen dead in attacks around Paris  (Sport) #newzealand #nznews

you serious? Not mentioning Paris? We owe the city one too

Thinking about you guys in Paris

prayers out to everyone in Paris right now. wow.

Watching the news. Such a sad day. STAY STRONG PARIS!

Our hearts break for the people of Paris and France.  #SF stands with France. #StandWithFrance

Shocked by the news from Paris. Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in #Paris tonight!

Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in Paris right now! Please stay safe everyone. #PrayForParis

So far, three coordinated terrorist attacks in Paris. Echoes of Mumbai, India (2008) and Westgate shopping mall, Kenya (2013).

Just logged on an saw a couple tweets about Paris. I'm logging back off. Tooooooo much.

I remember people after Charlie Hebdo saying there will be an even bigger attack soon. I was one of them. How right we were #ParisAttacks

Dear God wake up! PPL are being murdered in Paris! Isis is our greatest threat!

My Heart  Prayers Go Out To Paris! So Sad! #Prayers4Paris

People who are in Paris God be with you

//t.co/j6hWMErM7O I don't pray, but my thoughts are with Paris for sure.This world is fucking backwards.

automatic gunfire heard from outside Paris  Concert Hall - very serious

paris kosher market attackers escaped country, thats why the borders are closed not preventing ingress but egress

Just found out about Paris. I don't get why there is so much hate in the world. Why people do stuff like this? :(

What's going on in Paris?!ShockingThoughts are with France right now

everyone's tweeting abt paris, but where were you all the countless times poc were being killed worldwide and in our country this past year?

Italian embassy in Paris +33149540300Irish embassy in Paris+33144176700British embassy in Paris +33144513100

Feeling so much pain  sadness toward what's happening in Paris right now. This is what ignorance  hatred creates, people.

Suicide bomber was outside the stadium, then several other attacks around Paris, currently have hostage

the tally is now 35 dead in Paris, over 100 total hostages in the Arts Center and restaurant

Deadly Paris Attacks: What We Know So Far

Lots of love and prayers going out to Paris. Truly shocking and sad! Keep safe Paris!

My thoughts go out to all those in Paris. X

**John Kerry**  Get James Taylor on a plane to Paris immediately!

Shocking news coming out of Paris, what is the world coming to.thoughts are with all affected!

#LosAngeles #News Hostages at SoCal Band's Paris Show: A California-based rock band was scheduled to perform F

This reddit live blog on the Paris attacks is incredible.

Anyone watching what is going on I Paris?

Atlanta native Julian Dorio, who was scheduled to play at Paris theater under attack, is OK

CNN sources say screams and gunfire being heard at Paris concert hall where hostages have been taken. SMH

Are you ok ? I know you live in Paris I guess . Stay safe ..

Praying for the people of Paris and all of France, our oldest ally. We stand with you.

Saddened by humanity today. My condolences go out to Paris.

What happened in Paris is truly devastating. #prayforparis

Horrified by what's going on in Paris right now. My thoughts are with all of the victims and their families today. #JeSuisParis

Absolutely awful events unfolding in Paris. Baffles me how anyone can be capable of such monstrosity

#PrayForParis my thoughts and prayers are for those in Paris stay safe

bet that means total #cyberblackout Paris -so many INTL conferences, such a 'neccessary' denial of info freedom #JustGuessing

My heart  prayers go out to the victims of the Paris attacks  their families. #ParisAttacks

Can't believe what's going on In Paris! Dreadful what people can do, disgusting

So many hateful people in this world. Pray for Paris.

Man what's happening in Paris someone get in there

Thoughts are with everyone that have been affected by any type of terror attacks in Paris and all the innocent people bombed in Middle East.

So shock and shaken by what happened in Paris tonight.

Frightening times for Paris and perhaps more of Europe, what has this world come to #ParisAttacks

I hope everyone in japan and Paris is okay, please stay safe !

Beirut yesterday, Paris todayabsolutely terrible.  Prayers with victims.

myGC: WATCH: Chaotic scenes as Paris hit by multiple attacks

Pray for Paris, huh? Hell of a lot that will do.

Prayers go out to Paris and all of France. Stay strong

My thoughts are with everyone in Paris, terrible news from France this evening

God bless the people held as hostages in this tragic event going on in Paris

5 new explosions just went off in Paris. Holy shit

My heart and mind goes to the people of Paris. Keep strong in the face of this terrible and cowardly attack.

Why anyone would tweet anything tonight that isn't about Paris is beyond me.

What's happened in Paris and all the other terrorist attacks is basically why I stopped believing in God

The Paris attacks make me sick to my stomach. Praying for Paris. It's a cold world

You a shitbag if you cant feel fa them ppl in Paris.

Truly heartbreaking news about the attacks in Paris. Thoughts going out to all those involved #PrayForParis #prayforhumanity

AND TERRORISM IN PARIS AND EARTHQUAKE IN JAPAN AND HURRICANE IN ENGLAND

Such a shock to turn on the TV to the news about Paris. Praying with you, .

I feel sick to my stomach hearing that basically every hostage in the concert hall are dead. God be with Paris #ParisShooting

What is wrong with people! To all my loved ones in Paris please stay safe x x

the news about paris is absolutely devastating please keep everyone in your prayers the world is a cruel place

Monsters attacking innocent unarmed people. Stay strong Paris. #PrayForParis

Praying for paris.  My heart is aching.

It's Friday the 13th: attacks in paris, earthquake and possible tsunami in japan, and some more going on right now. Wow!

pls stop forcing ads on website coverage of a major terrorist attack  hostage situation that is stil unfolding #ParisAttacks #shameful

this isnt just about Paris.. we live in the same world. We should stand with them, with every peace loving people #StopTheHate #PrayforParis

Pray for Paris, infuriating that most all of these attacks happen in gun free zones when are people going to learn  # armyourselvesnow

Thoughts are with those affected by Paris attacks this evening. Awful, awful, awful news #France

U2 iNNOCENCE + eXPERIENCE LIVE IN PARIS To Premiere On HBO Saturday - Story:

disgusting and inhumane events in Paris tonight, hope it doesn't continue to happen over and over again

My thoughts go out to those in Paris right now. This is horrible.

Thoughts and prayers for the families of the hostages and the people of Paris.

Everyone follow in Paris on #Periscope! Great guy  scoper! Thoughts go out to all my friends there.

I tried watching the news but there are only bad news. People suffering in Mariana (city in Brazil) and Paris

In light of Beirut, Baghdad and the Russian flight out of Egypt, and now Paris, more must be done to stop the use of terror as a tactic by

Paris is one of my favourite cities in the world. I can't even comprehend what's happening right now, evil in its purest form.

ALERT:  Police official: Around 100 hostages taken at Paris theater; 35 dead. #ParisAttacks

Our thoughts go out to the people in Paris right now.

I was already beginning to think Friday 13th was unlucky after today! Now it seems to be proven after whats just happened in Paris :(

THIS JUST IN: Automatic gunfire, explosions heard from outside Paris concert hall where attackers are holding hostages, reports AP.

If you are tweeting about anything other the attacks on Paris, I have no more words to utter than speechless.

Some things are beyond my ability to understand. Prayers for Paris as they handle this situation.

Eyewitness Video Of Paris Explosions, Gunfire

Prayers out to all the families of the hostages killed in the Paris shooting

i wish i can help u paris ;-; stay strong

I hope, all those terrorist over in Paris, die by the hand of the citizens they chose to kill. You will not get away, you will surely die.

its very very bad curfew over paris first time since WW2

a new #falseflag attack staged in paris already 40 deads (it will rise) french borders already closed, equivalent

Retweeted banksy (thereaIbanksy):Peace for Paris

Feel sick hearing about the horrific news in Paris, thoughts are with all the families affected  #PrayForParis

The attacks in Paris and upon the people of France are an attack on all humanity #NousSommesUnis

Gr8ful that my nephew in Paris has got home. Out in a bar  only alerted by his dad here in Dublin who'd been called by his bro in London.

BREAKING: Five explosions heard near Bataclan concert hall in Paris, according to witness

praying for the people of Paris tonight. // prier pour le peuple de Paris ce soir.

ok, i dont live in paris.

Paris is under attack and Japan has suffered an earthquake. It's the end of the world.

For the first time ever, Paris has a citywide curfew tonight.

Paris situation reminds me of Boston in 2013 (tho this is worse). Stay strong, mes amis. Show em that their fear tactics won't work on you.

People from America asking me if I am safe. Bless them. It's Paris, not London!!

Awful stuff happening in Paris. Prayers for that nation.

are you ok?? I know you're in Paris right now please tell me you're ok?!!

If you're not concerned with and praying for the people in Paris right now, shame on you.

'ISIS will fill the streets of Paris with dead bodies': Daesh threat as he shoots Syrian soldier  kicks off cliff

It's now reported that at least 39 people have died in two shootings in Paris tonight.

Ambulances rush to the scene - Multiple attacks in Paris has left a chaotic scene. Instagram user

Thoughts going out to Paris. What a world.

God be with Paris and the families touched by today's heartless attack.

Sorry to say but the French police were too slow to pile in at the concert hall. These people are not looking to negotiate. Be safe Paris!

Sounds like French special forces are storming the  Bataclan concert hall? #Paris

Please keep my relatives in Paris in your prayers #PrayForParis

I'd recommend and for following the Paris attack.

#awkward for some when they realise that many of the police defending Paris tonight are Algerian Muslim.

im inn paris allison we are so sad why again in paris

Actually disgusted by what's occurring in Paris

Keeping my prayers up for everyone in Paris and in Japan.

Every life is precious. Squeeze your loved ones tonight. Send my Thoughts and prayers to Paris this evening.

My head and heart are heavy thinking about Paris. Why so much evil in the world?

Paris terrorist attack is very deplorable. I wish  pray all Canadians and Bangladeshis living in Paris are safe.

Martin Kelly didn't post a photograph at the Paris restaurant that was attacked. It was a different restaurant.

Prayers go out to the beautiful people of Paris tonight and all their families

First the shootings in Paris, and now there's a tsunami warning for Japan? Jesus.

Absolutely heartbreaking news out of Paris. It makes me so sad.

seriously dropping ball on Paris attacks. In the car for 15 mins  had to hear from cnn. Human interest stories can wait!

My heart goes out to all those in Paris tonight! #PrayForParis

So, are you going to make rethink her armed police/police cuts in view of events in Paris?

Crazy to think people can do this to others. Thoughts to everyone in Paris #PrayForParis

Pray for those poor people in Paris.

How do you fight this?  Seriously, how? I am so tired of these stories, and this ones only going to get worse.  #Paris #ParisAttacks

#portesouvertes In case you are in Paris or someone who you know is there!

People from Paris don't get out of your house !!!

everyone else pls stop tweeting PorteOuverte w/the hashtag, so ppl in #Paris can use it to find shelter. #parisattack #Bataclan

please if you have a safe shelter for injured or wandering citizens of paris try to help them just saving one life matters so much

I just cannot believe what is happening in Paris. Thoughts are with France

Absolutely shocked to read  hear about the tragedy happening in Paris right now. It's disgusting that attacks like this still go on

Please join me in praying for Paris.

Horrified and heartsick scrolling through tweets about Paris attacks. Terrorists want to take away our lives, our freedom.

Praying for the safety of the hostages in paris rn

Paris we love every single one of u, just take care, u all need to survive this motherfucking attack, we believe in you. x

Important numbers for anyone concerned in Paris! #ParisAttacks

Sending my thoughts out to everyone involved in the shocking scenes in Paris. #PrayForParis

Praying for Paris and Japan right now.

Pray for Paris. I'm sure Western war mongerers love this situation

Our thoughts go out to everyone in Paris and France tonight.

Turkey is the biggest supporter of ISIS and is directly responsable for the Paris attacks. #JeSuisParis

Reports that gunmen are killing concertgoers one by one alongside coordinated attacks in Paris

Keeping Paris in my prayers for real, what is the matter with our world. My condolences go to all the friends and family of the lost victims

currently in Paris and completely agree. Social media so helpful in this situation that accurate reports vital

Sending prayers  love to everyone in Paris and Japan. Be safe everyone. 3 3

Paris attack will have a very negative effect on foreigners living in Germany.

State of emergency declared across France after Paris shooting + bombing attacks. At least 40 dead. Live here:

People are urged to stop posting about Bataclan as it could leak important info to the attackers!

How can people be so terrible? Praying for the hostages and the people of Paris. #PrayForParis

prayers for Paris tonight and praying your staff is safe. Many fond memories of our rides with you.

Shocking to hear what is happening in Paris. Thoughts and prayers going out to those affected. #Prayers4Paris

Can people actually just shut the fuck up for one minute about Justin and one direction and acknowledged what's happening in Paris rn!!

The Latest: Gunfire heard from outside Paris concert hall  via

Follow the Times live coverage of the Paris attacks.

Terrible scenes in Paris tonight. Heart goes out to all those involved

Shocking scenes in Paris. Truly disgusting. Thoughts and prayers with everyone involved.

#ParisAttacks PRAYERS - Mercy on the innocent and all hell on the attackers.

Hey lefties, is the carnage in Paris caused by too little immigration, diversity, tolerance and Western self-loathing, or too much?

Can't think of the right word to describe leaving a London gig exhilarated then reading the Paris news. We must stop this. We're all humans

Paris is under attack tonight! Please pray for Paris, France!

Video at soccer match clearly records explosions in #Paris. #ParisTerror #ParisAttacks

Paris attacks showing a similar pattern to the Mumbai attacks from 2008.

What's going on in Paris has me scared right now. #PrayForParis

I hope as few people are hurt in Paris as possible.Europe, it's time you start doing something about this!

2 suicide attacks  1 bombing in Paris in Gods name!

Lets all pray for Japan and Paris madlang pipol #ShowtimeHarana

Five explosions heard at Bataclan concert venue where hostages held, after Fr, Pres. Hollande says police assault under way. Reuters #Paris

Thoughts are with those affected by what's happened in Paris tonight, including our fellow StreetPass friends at Stay safe.

IF YOU LIVE IN PARIS AND NEED SHELTER PLEASE USE THIS TAG TO FIND SHELTER OR HELP  AND STAY SAFERETWEET  THIS #PorteOuverte

Wow I'm in shock. I can't believe this STILL happens in 2015. My thoughts and are with those in Paris tonight.

Anticipating will the world buy it for the million time!! Attackers of #parisattack shouted Allah akbar..

Terrible scenes in Japan And Paris . I send my condolences to all families who have lost their love one #PrayforParis #PrayForJapan

Prayers going to out to #Paris after the #ParisAttacks. Be safe everyone in France. #PrayingForParis

Friday 13that least 60 people were dead in Paris, France by terrorist attacked.

i'm in Paris rn . you might just have compassion for us .

Holy shit. Crazy shit going on in Paris.

I hope everyone is watching the news right now. Cause Paris is under attack

Oh no so sad to here about paris. X

My prayers and thoughts to all in France, Paris #PrayForParis

This whole Paris shit got me so sad

All civil flights to and from Paris could be grounded due to current situation. #ParisAttacks

What's happening in Paris right now is beyond heartbreaking. Sending all the positive energy and prayers I can

My heart and thoughts and prayers are with all the family and friends of the victims and all the people in Paris tonight xxxx

I'm so sorry Paris. My heart hurts for you. #Prayers4Paris

Terrible terrorist attacks against Paris tonight, my thoughts and prayers go out to all of those involved #prayforparis

Praying for those in Paris and the response of world leaders. And for Jesus to make all things new. #Paris

continues to add news of developments in Paris to The Latest, at

I hope you guys are alright. Such terrifying news of Paris attacks, hearts and hope with all xxx

I wonder was the situation in paris planned for Friday the 13th

Okay enough talking politics, time to watch some meme videos and go to bed hang in there, Paris

paris is a beautiful city and its people have gone through hell this year, it's time for us to show our support for them #ParisJeTaime

We are sending loving thoughts and prayers to those in Paris!

Mayor of Paris is asking all Parisians to stay in their homes.

My thoughts and prayers go out to all the families in Paris right now!

These Paris attacks are terrible. What a tragedy

PRAYERS TO THE PEOPLE IN JAPAN AND PARIS WHO WERE JUST TRYING TO ENJOY A CONCERT

BREAKING: City-wide curfew now in effect in Paris for the first time since 1944.

My heart goes out to those in Paris #PrayForParis.  Please be safe

The Paris attacks just started so its too soon to pretend American conservatives have souls.

beirut, paris, japan, mexico and baghdad this is way too much

Pray for people in Paris, watching the news just in shock. #Prayers4Paris

lo dicho antes;AFP: Attacker in Paris concert hall shouted 'Allahu akbar', fired into crowd, witness says.

Hi - Francis Leach Australia.Are you able to talk to us about events in Paris?

please call this number if you are stuck in paris!! 0800406005. #Paris #PrayForParis

Prayers going out to all the victims in Paris. Day by day, this world becomes more corrupt and horrifying.

Pray for Paris. My whole body has just gone completely cold.

Congratulations to for the most banal  derisory  stupid messages for Paris' terrorist attacks. Cringe-inducing garbage.

Join us in praying for Paris and all the lives taken in this senseless act. #prayforparis #cbcsocial

Paris, Japan, Beirut, and everywhere else is in my prayers

Paris Horror: At Least 60 Reported Dead, 100 Hostages Taken in String of Coordinated Shootings and Bombings

Thoughts and prayers go to Paris. This is simply terrible. I don't know what else to say about it. #PrayForParis

i'm so fucking worried for the people in paris and japan please fucking stay safe please

Enhanced patrols at Capitol after Paris attacks, no known threat Photo: WUSA9)

Absolutely heartbroken thinking about how terrified people must be in Paris right now. Can't think about anything else

Condolences go out to those in Paris right now

Hearing about Paris is after scaring the fucking shit out of me

Paris your in our Thoughts and in our prayers  #prayfprparis

Pray for France, for Paris. Thks. And Rt this picture, i write this on the instant, sorry

Pray for Paris and allow peace to come soon

Ppl act like you can't empathize with both situations going on in Paris and at Mizzou

Looking/providing shelter in Paris use # in image. Use IMAGE if tweeting so as not to clog the feed. #staysafeparis

Live coverage: France closes borders as terror attacks sweep Paris   via mashable

Told of Paris in the middle of a club, everyone went quiet so fast. Our thoughts are with you France. I'm so, so sorry.

people in paris stay safe. x

More talk about refugees and Paris on . No evidence whatsoever. Ridiculous.

Came home to the horrible Paris terrorism news. That's twice in the same year for this great city. May the deaths of the killers be swift

Closed borders having an effect already - flights already being turned away from Paris

can't imagine what it's in like Paris, prayers to them

Bruh this fucking Paris shit is crazy. #ParisAttacks

I'm not being flippant: what's the surge price for an uber in Paris right now? Or did they waive it

Love for the most beautiful place on earth Paris stay strong

If you're ignoring today's attacks on both Paris and Syria it truly shows your ignorance

i really hope all of you from paris are safe, im praying for you guys

To everyone in Paris and Japan who are troubled and in danger, just know that many people are concerned about your safety.

R Paris, our prayers for peace, protection, and healing are with you. #Prayers4Paris #prayingforpeace

All my thoughts and prayers go out to Paris and Japan hope guys stay safe and nothing happens to anyone else

My heart hurts for Paris. So senseless.

Let's just get it on. They want a holy war, let's just fuckin do it. #ParisAttacks #Paris

Schools and universities closed Saturday in Paris.

Ridiculous generalisation from the BBC news presenter about Paris attacks #ParisAttacks #Prayers4Paris

Paris Under Siege: Dozens Killed in Multiple Attacks: Dozens were killed in an outbreak of explosions and mult

My thoughts are with those in Paris right now. This is a nightmare. This world is truly terrifying. #PrayForParis

Am utterly disgusted and horrified by what has happens in Paris! My heart breaks for everyone touched by this senseless violence

I'm looking for a vigorous pushback to the jew agenda. If not, I'll assume Paris is part of the plan, and we are next.

Paris. We are with you. Please stay strong.

Police have stormed the #Bataclan concert hall in Paris where attackers had opened fire on the crowd and taken hostages #ParisAttacks

Take a minute to pray for the people of Paris. #PrayingForParis

They need to send the marines into Paris and just let us off our leashes, I'm certain we get the job done and all terrorist are wiped out

BREAKING: City-wide curfew now in place in Paris after terror attacks that have killed 40 people. First time for a Paris curfew since WWII

7 Coordinated Muslim Terrorist Attacks: 60+ Fatalities in Ambush, Executions in Paris, 100's hostage being killed..

Can't stop thinking about what's happening in Paris. So many innocent people murdered by horrible 'humans' Rip, to all who lost their lives

but on the other hand, did you see what is going on in Paris? That is truly horrifying

My heart goes out to the city of Paris  the French people in the wake of these horrific acts of terror.

Taxi drivers in Paris have turned off the metres and are giving free rides home. Humanity shines through

These fucking animals are killing innocent hostages one by one in Paris. #ParisShooting someone will pay for this.

peggyqarter: Please keep the victims (and their families) of the Paris shootings in your prayers or

The most appalling news on the Paris concert hall hostage taking: gunmen are reportedly executing prisoners one by one.God help them

Armed forces need to permanently deployed on the streets of major European cities to stop these attacks happening. #ParisAttacks

My heart goes out to all those impacted by the senseless terrorist attacks in Paris. #WeAreOne

Paris attacks live updates: Dozens dead, hostages taken, France's borders closed

It's sickening that innocent people have been killed and are being held hostage in Paris. #PrayersForParis

If your in Paris and need somewhere safe to stay use #PorteOuverteto find Parisians opening their homes to help.

Blast heard during Paris football match at Stade de France -

According to explosions heard in Paris concert hall. #PrayForParis

everyone stop and pray for Paris. it's all we can do but it's powerful

Watching this tragedy in Paris unfold makes me so fearful for the future of my children and the future for Europe.

Why!!?!?! Thoughts are with everyone effected by the terrorist attacks in Paris tonight.

Thoughts are with the people of Paris tonight. We will not let terror rule our lives #Paris #jesuisparis

Tragedy unfolding in #Paris thoughts go out to the innocent victims and their families. #ParisAttacks

#ParisAttacks French police storming the concert hall in #Paris, hostages held by gunmen: report

My thoughts are with the people of Paris tonight. Stay safe. #PorteOuverte #Paris

The people of Paris and the families affected by these atrocious acts of evil are in our prayers tonight.

Watching pictures of police running to situations in #Paris. Thoughts also with them and their families. Heroes #ParisAttacks #Pray4Paris

worried for the muslims in paris who are going to receive abuse for this

My prayers go out to everyone in Paris. God bless

poor paris poor japan today is not a good day

Truly heartbreaking, all the love to Paris #prayforparis

my thoughts are with paris right now we have to take care of the world and eachother #paris #ParisAttacks

Not just pray for Paris, but let's pray for peace

I woke up and heard what happened in Paris I hope everyone's friends and family are okay xxxx

Guns aren't allowed in France. Paris is a very sad, real example that gun control will not cut down on homicides.

FL | PARIS |**INT'L BREAKING NEWS**| - | MULTI.TERRORIST ATTACKS ON SEVR'L SITES IN PARIS, FRANCE. STATE OF EMERG

Thank you very much Grant for your kind words. I'm a French fan of The Flash who come from near Paris so thank you

Heart and soul thinking of Paris,minutes silence please tomorrow

While you're praying for everyone in Paris please keep in mind that terrorism doesn't stem from religion.

Man Paris is having a bad day.#geez

Foreign office number for British nationals caught in Paris attacks is 020 7008 1500

Yes because every single Muslim took part in a terrorist attack, all 1.6 bil of them are over in Paris at this very moment.

From Paris, I can report that despite the shocking news, the events are confined to a specific area. #esomar

At least 35 dead in Paris attacks; hostages taken - The Hindu: The HinduAt least 35 dead in Paris attacks; hos

reporting that Police storming Bataclan theatre where hostages were taken #sun7 #Paris #ParisAttacks

What is happening to the world? My heart goes out to the people of Paris #PrayForParis

I'm praying for all your friends  every single person in Paris. 3

i cant even think about anything else right now im so shaken like i live in the next big city next to paris and i live in central london

Can't believe what's going on in Paris tonight, I have no words. This world is broken.

It's crazy what's going on in Paris rn #PrayforParis

Horrifying news from Paris, lets also hope the media accurately portray the events without any ideologies or stereotypes. #PrayForParis

Thoughts go out to those in Paris tonight. Hope this doesn't get any worse. Absolute tragedy

Okay I'm confused. Paris, Japan, what the hell is going on?

Its really sickening seeing how some of you using the incident in Paris for RT's

this paris thing is so shocking i don't even know what to say

#At least 60 dead in multiple attacks around Paris, hostages taken: French police #jobs #500K #: #PARIS: Franc

yes awful news tonight in Paris, truly devastating

Enough of your Political Correctness crap, Mr. Obama.  The terrorists in Paris are not extremists, they are Islamic murderers. Muslims.

Please put Paris, Japan, Lebanon, Beirut and Baghdad in your prayers today. They need any and all support that they can get.

Tens of dead inside Bataclan. Terrorists dead. #itele #paris

Shocked by the news in Paris, but let's not let these terrorists win! They want mass panic, thoughts are with all those affected #Paris

Why do such terrible things happen to innocent people. Praying for Paris!!!

It's a sad world we live in sometimespraying for everyone in paris

Paris under curfew for the 1st time since 1948

[If you are in Paris or know someone that is in Paris, those are the emergency numbers from Spain.Share, please.]

The shit going down in paris is unbelievable.

France 24 is reporting that two attackers at the Bataclan have been killed after a police operation.

BREAKING: Reports from France hostage-taking at Bataclan over, two attackers have been killed. Total of 7 Paris locations attacked tonight.

Shocked about events in Paris at the moment. RIP to all who lost their lives. Really hope the situation is sorted out. #PrayForParis

I'm Scary. I'll pray for Paris. I'm so sorry babes,I did not want any of that happen

Very sad indeed. Our thoughts are with you, Paris

BREAKING: Police operation at #Bataclan concert venue over, two attackers killed: BFM TV  #ParisAttacks

Horrified by the atrocities of the #ParisAttacks ! Praying for peace and safety for the people of Paris

To be accurate, if you're thinking of using what's happening in Paris to promote your agenda, please eat a kilogram of TNT.

Prayers going out to Paris. crazy, crazy world we live in

Absolutely disgusting situation in Paris. Some awful people in the world

What's happening in Paris is so awful, and our prayers go out to all those effected #Prayers4Paris

Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in Paris and across the nation of France. Be vigilant and be safe, everyone.

Holy hell. Stay safe, Paris. Those bastards are gonna pay.

The has issued a prayer in the wake of the Paris emergency

We here at Schanzer UK would like to wish our condolences to all in Paris at the moment. #PrayForParis

Sending all of my prayers to Paris, I can't express my anger and sadness enough. No one should have to die like this! #Prayers4Paris

I am just glad Paris Taxi's are giving people a ride home for free!

BREAKING: Police operation at Bataclan concert venue over,  2 attackers killed: BFM TV

Singing for peace in Paris tonight, singing for peace around the world every day.

#BREAKING: French TV reports that the hostage situation at the Paris concert hall is over and two attackers killed. #ParisAttacks

Stay safe to those in Paris and Japan.

Jimmy Buffett - He Went To Paris

#BlazerCon takes a minute of silence for those in Paris. #class

Good to hear the French Police have killed the two terrorists at the Bataclan Concert Hall in Paris. Lets hope many hostages survived.

Paris taxi driver taking people home for free! Get home safe! #Paris

Social Media: Paris attacks: Thousands sing national anthem during stadium evacuation

Thinking of everyone in Paris - I can't actually believe what's happening #ParisAttacks

I was afraid because my aunt and some friends live in Paris but they told me that they were fine. But I'm stressed

Dozens Killed in Paris Terror Attacks: Dozens of hostages were reportedly still being held in Le Bataclan, a c

Wow, seeing these horrific events going on in Paris. Praying for the safety of everyone in the city. #PrayForParis

French news saying 2 attackers dead at Bataclan. Let's hope they get the others too. #ParisAttacks

serge_poznanski: business: Here's a map of the reported attacks across Paris

BREAKING: Reports that the siege at the Bataclan concert hall in Paris has ended, leaving two attackers dead #ParisAttacks

Reports that the police operation at the Paris concert hall where up to 100 hostages were being held, is now over.

France 24: There were 7 different sites that came under attack in Paris.

I love how the same thing happened in Lebanon yesterday that is happening in Paris rn yet nobody acknowledged that

This really captures how horrific the situation is in Paris right now. Prayers.

My thoughts are with the victims of tonight's attacks in Paris, and with the people of France. #ParisAttack

Sad stuff going on in Paris man

Sending love and prayers from Chester, NJ to all the victims and families in Paris.

Not every single person posting to Twitter right now knows what's happening in Paris. Maybe don't yell at them about it.

Sad too hear about what's happening  over in Paris. Im hoping and praying you'll all be okay in the end

Man I'm tryna go to Paris and people dying over there

There are no words for this kind of thing, but our thoughts are with everyone affected by what's going on in Paris.

My prayers go out to those who are in Paris in this terrible crisis.

An report from Reuters - via BFM TV - that the operation at the Bataclan has ended after the two attackers were killed.#ParisAttacks

i think what happened in Paris just shows that there are evil people who just don't care for other people

My heart is with the people of Paris and the security forces working hard in this difficult situation.Vive La France!!#Paris

I keep seeing people tweeting about Paris but I don't even know what happened, argghhh

ISLAM attacks Paris ~40 DEAD~over 100 Hostages ~ Curfew Imposed ~ FRANCE Borders CLOSED!--

Bataclan police action is reported to be complete, with 2 attackers killed.

Paris has #guncontrol  has mass shootings every few years. USA no #gunsense  has shootings every day

Actually, due to ongoing situation in Paris we are cancelling today's show. Keep Paris, France, and all the world in your thoughts

//Just got home from work and heard about what happened in Paris. My thoughts go out to those who have been affected and their families.

Thank god, thanks for keeping us all up to date. Thoughts and prayers for Paris

My prayers are with Paris tonight #ParisAttacks are devastating

I've been trying to think of a joke for what's going on in Paris but much like the hostages did, I give up

Thoughts and prayers to the ppl in Paris France. #vivrelafrance

Di maria and lavezzi should bring the victory and dedicate it to the people of paris

Thoughts go out to everyone effected by the horror going on in Paris tonight #thoughtsarewithparis

I have close friends  family in Paris and other parts of France too.Time to end this insanity#PRAY4Sanity

how are people not bothered about the paris attacks??? what the fuck is wrong with you????????

You only turn 21 once. I just turned 21. I don't care one bit right now. I can't sleep or relax, just anxious for Paris. Please stay strong.

Damn praying for the people out in Paris the world is nuts

Inside the Bataclan in Paris: 'A bloodbath,' witness says. Click here for the man's account:

Just a sickening situation, really. Prayers to the people of Paris.

Keep Japan and Paris in your prayers

Please  pray for Paris ! Porfavor rezen por Paris!

this is definitely not about paris guys. It's from a neo nazi organisation from last year as far as i know

Humanity is fascinating, but boy is it simultaneously devastating. Paris and Japan, you're in my thoughts tonight.

France's borders are now closed. No one in or out after horrific terrorist attack on Paris this evening.

Absolutely shocking news of events in Paris tonight. Our thoughts are with everyone affected there and friends and family around the world.

The prize in Wheel of Fortune? A trip to Paris. #OhSnap

#PrayForJapan Naturl disaster mk us feel so helplessJapan in our prayrs wid Paris-victim of human inflictd disastr

reporting Paris assault over, 2 attackers killed. Live coverage on

Aren't people spamming that open door hashtag in Paris by tweeting incessantly about it?

The tragic events in Paris not only highlight the shocking world we live in, but highlights even more the need to live each day to the full.

Really sad to hear about everything happening in Paris :((( I hope everyone stays safe over there

I really appreciate the Facebook alerts I've been getting marking my friends and family in Paris safe.

Breaking News: Fatalities reported after explosion shootout in Paris with hostages. French borders closed.

Horrified at the attacks in Paris but so thankful to see friends marked safe. It's shameful and sad that we cant just learn to live in peace

Such terrible news to hearmy thoughts go out to Paris.  #PRAYFORPARIS

My prayers for Paris, and families of victims! #Prayers4Paris #ParisShooting

Prayers go out to Paris man.

AKA my news source, what's the breakdown in Paris?

Atomlabor Blog | Lifestyle aus Wuppertal: PARIS

I've had my phone off all day and literally just spent my dinner talking about Paris just to hear the news So devastating

My thoughts and prayers are with the people in Paris who have been affected by today's events. This is such a scary world to live in.

a hurricane in Mexicoa earthquake tsunami is Japansuicide bombings in Lebanon shootings in Paris #PrayForPeace

At last #ParisAttacks seem to be over. Now to analyse what happened. Rumoured that at least one attacker captured alive.

Paris thing has kinda killed my happy drinking vibe, will be a sad drinking night

Paris is one of Earth's five or six greatest cities

Hostages Held, 60 Dead So Far in Paris Terror Attacks | Section Eighty

To all the people of paris, god bless! To those that took the lives of these innocent people, fucking burn! Pieces of shit.

Can't believe what's just happened in Paris, keep France in your thoughts and prayers tonight #PrayForParis

Attacker in #Paris concert hall shouted 'Allahu akbar', fired into crowd: witness  #ParisAttacks

So saddened and shocked by the attacks in Paris #Pray4Paris My heart goes out to all in France. #peace

Paris and France does not stand alone; the world is united in your grief. #prayforparis

My prayers today go out to everyone in Paris. #Prayers4Paris

Maybe it's juvenile, but when I hear of the sort of madness like there is in Paris tonight, I think of this scene.

This Paris situation man. can't quite wrap my mind around it and wish people with their political hot takes would go away for one day.

Our thoughts and prayers go out to #THEEAGLESOFDEATHMETAL and all their fans in Paris.

I'm heartbroken over these asinine attacks against the beautiful people of the most beautiful city I've ever visited. Stay strong, Paris.

Around 100 people were killed during the attack on the Bataclan concert venue in Paris, French media reported.

#ParisShooting #ParisAttacks Man hit down explosions in Paris

An expanded list of numbers for embassies in Paris - please //t.co/mJi2m8q1ye

Such sad news out of Paris. My thoughts and prayers are with everyone in France. #PrayforParis

Thoughts and Prayers go out to everyone suffering tonight with whats going on in paris. #PrayForParis #ParisStrong

I liked a video from  PARIS FRANCE BOMB ORIGINAL VIDEO 2015

Death toll now being reported at 150 or more in Paris attacks. See instant View here:

The situation is so scary. I can't sleepno words. Praying for everyone in Paris and Japan #PrayforParis #PrayforJapan

I had no idea of the chaos and trouble that had descended upon Paris. My thoughts and prayers go out to all.  #PrayForParis #ParisAttacks

God bless Paris. Please no more dead..

please don't make Paris about fifth harmony. please.

President Obama stands firmly with jihadists as death toll climbs in Paris  via

NYPD steps up security over Paris attacks: The New York City Police Department has stepped up security around

Nearly 100 dead at #Bataclan concert hall in Paris? Absolutely horrific.

Abt. 130 Free French fighters were killed in the Liberation of Paris in 1944. Today's death toll likely to exceed that #ParisAttacks

How THE F*CK these morons gonna try to mock #Mizzou students over Paris Hatred  discrimination are hatred  discrimination on any level!!!

OU tells me they have 5 students studying abroad in Paris but have no reason to believe any of them were affected by attacks

Our hearts are with those in Paris and all of France tonight as well as Lebanon who has suffered terrible loss.

Tragedy has befallen upon Paris.  The violence has to end.  My thoughts and prayers are with the victims

BREAKING: Around 100 dead in attack on Paris concert venue

Liberals that are defending Muslims after the Paris attacks are further proof that Turds Float

You have all our thoughts, prayers, and love Paris.  We are with you!

Friday the 13th is striking !!! Praying for Paris and every where else shit happened :(((

#Parisattacks #Bataclan  This is getting worse minute by minute. Look at the headline. A terrible night for Paris.

Heartbroken for Paris. All thoughts with you. #oneworld #onefamily

#BREAKING Around 100 dead in attack on Paris concert venue, police says as quoted by Lost for words.

American Band Due to Play Club at Time of Paris Attack  via nbcnews

For friends/family abroad: #PorteOuverte  #opendoors  #fusillade are hashtags for people in Paris willing to help those are stranded.

First time a mandatory curfew has been put in place in Paris since WW2.

Not a good time to be a Syrian male in Paris.

PRAYERS for Paris, Japan, Lebanon, Baghdad  #ALDUBHappyBdayLOLA

I just said the same exact thing to my fiancee while watching the news. Paris, england, germany, russia, us all fighting isis.

Reports around 140 killed in Paris - absolutely devastating and sickening

Amy it's Artie I thought I read in Page 6 today that u were in Paris! Tell me that's not true!

Heartbreaking what's happening in Paris tonight. So much violence and terrorism in the world, this has to stop.

Fervently praying for the tragedy happening in Paris.   #Prayers4Paris

Facebook 'safety check' now live for Paris attacks. A very useful service.

FB now telling you which of your FB friends are safe in Paris:

Prayers to everyone out in Paris. I hope i'll live to see the day the world can move past such extreme violence. Best wishes to you all.

Fantastic option on to let people you're safe in Paris. Well done, Facebook! #PorteOuverte

A few hours ago I was stressed and frustrated over my uni paper. How unimportant this feels now. Keeping my friends in Paris in my thoughts

Thinking about you and praying for you people of Paris.

John Kerry offers help. Send him into one of the Paris Muslim no-go areas. No escort.

Am truly shocked and saddened by the events unfolding in Paris. My thoughts are with all affected and with France.

Thoughts and prayers for the all of those affected in Paris and every other place under attack by man or nature today. #PrayfortheWorld

All my thoughts are with all those people involved in the tragedy in Paris. Can't believe this actually happened.

Just got in and reading about Paris and Japan now. Bravery has never been so brave.

Reminder going out to officials over the radios to be vigilant and alert tonight in light of situation in Paris.

Paris attacks: wWat we know so far

Tonight, we are all Parisians. Paris, je t'aime.

There r dead bodies laying in the streets of Paris. That is not abstract. U may not be wrong, but we have nothing else.

Reports of around 100 dead in Paris concert venue

DIDN'T the terrorists in Paris know GUNS are Illegal in France? #PorteOuverte

Attacks on Lebanon, earthquake in Japan, bombing/shooting in Paris high alerts in London, Rome, NYC, LA and D.C what a fucked up world

sending all my love, thoughts, and prayers to the lovely people of Paris. #peaceforparis

I am sick watching the coverage of the Paris attacks. Reports that over 100 people have died in the Bataclan theatre alone are heartbreaking

Reports unconfirmed but Reuters citing BFM TV is now saying that the death toll at the Bataclan alone could be as high as 100 #Paris

I am sad with you but I love you and I care about youI hope're well in Paris and take all security

Currently trying to find out if any UNT students are studying abroad in Paris and if they are safe. #Paris #UNT

Around 100 dead in attack on Paris concert venue, says police: Agence France-Presse

What You Need to Know with the Situation in Paris  via

My God. Praying for Paris and all of us.

I'm praying for every in or around Paris. #PrayForParis

Absolutely sickened by the news coming out of Paris. Praying for peace and comfort for the people there.

if You are in Paris please stay inside!! this must be so scary, concentrate on keeping yourself and the people around you safe

Thinking of my friends in Paris. So awful. Stay safe!

My heart aches for Paris and everyone involved. #Prayers4Paris

And this death count keep going up in Paris

I'm going to Paris soon fuck

#Paris thoughts are with Paris tonight When will this all end? When everyone stands together and wipes these idiots from existence

It's a shame seeing people turn this Paris tragedy into an excuse to make negative things up against Trudeau.

My thoughts and prayers are with Paris tonight, and the many people affected by this tragedy

My thoughts and prayers are with Paris as this tragedy unfolds. We will stand by you as one in light of this atrocity. #PrayforParis

Just hearing about #Paris/#ParisAttacks. In shock. My heart is with their citizens, families  first responders. Praying no more lives lost.

This Cruz Supporter just took the time 2 Hate on TRUMP w/ Paris Attack! Please let him know he = Pathetic Loser!

I can't recall ever hearing a top Islamic official ever denounce a terrorist attack. #ParisAttack

Goodness me. Just seen the news about Paris. Absolutely unbelievable. Best friends brother was in the restaurant when shooting started

Young thug just performed in Paris last night I won't tell a joke Imma just leave it there smh

It really is Gotham in Paris right now. 7 multiple attacks, 1 attack at a concert hall killing 100 lives. Suicide bombers at a soccer game..

From our Episcopal Bishop on Paris

Alright Mr. Obama, look at what happened in Paris tonight. Can we go kill the bad guys now please?

ok i care about made in the am and paris jesus

My heart is w/ #Paris at this moment.I am watching in horror as innocents are gunned down.My thoughtsprayers are w/all #ParisAttack victims

For those stranded in Paris please use #PorteOuverte to seek and offer shelter and safety. Please share this!

I love going concerts and all those people in Paris were just doing that. So very sad. Why!! Can happen anywhere it seems. Scary stuff.

I can't even imagine the horrors of living in Paris right now. When the smoke clears the entire world is going to want answers.

but if we refuse to let them win then they won't. I'm terrified too as Paris is so close to the UK but we can't let them win

Canada 'Stands With France' After Paris Attacks: PM Justin Trudeau: Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau expressed solidarity with

Unity and togetherness from all religions in all countries will help Paris and France through. #PrayforParis #ParisAttack

WOW PEOPLE ARE ALREADY SUGGESTING PARIS MIGHT BE A FALSE FLAG ATTACK CAN YOU FUCKING NOT

Keep Paris, France in your prayers!!! Pray for world peace!!!

Good analysis: What to Expect After the Nov. 13 Paris Attacks | #prayforparis terrifying100 Dead in the concert

whatever else might be said;clever or true.what has taken place in Paris is just awful.A fucking outrage.

Can ya'll sacrifice ur fangirling and all and give this day for paris?

Servers are crashing because of the attacks in Paris.

May the people in Paris who got wounded heal fast  and the dead go to heaven to live on the rest of there lives, you are never forgotten.

What's happening in Paris is crazy. Oh God

Tonight Paris should be illuminated by acts of humanity towards victims and their families.

Send your prayers to Paris, France They just got attacked, 100+ died

Can someone tell me what is wrong with Paris ?

Attacks in Beirut, attacks in Parisdo you see the pattern of trauma 'the powers that be' are trying to create?

Wow reports of atleast 100 people killed in the Paris Concert Hall were hostages were held

statesman: The Latest: At least 100 killed inside Paris concert hall, French official says

People are capable of the most deplorable acts Everyone, keep the people of Paris in your hearts tonight. #PrayForParis

My heart, soul, and thoughts are with everyone in Paris tonight, we need peace, not war. #ParisAttacks #WorldKindnessDay

Paris terror attacks;police storm theater,2terrorists reported dead,estimated 100 civies dead. via

Paris doesn't make me sad, it makes me mad. This shouldn't be happening.

yeah, but it wasn't you, was it. Asshole. I went to Paris ten years ago. Could have been me..seriously grow up

I am a social worker  an activist on many social justice topics. But trying to make what's going on in Paris also about America is selfish.

All my thoughts and prays goes out to everyone in Paris #PrayForParis

AP: At least 100 dead in concert hall in Paris, say police #ParisAttacks

okay so everyone is sad about paris

**BREAKING** BBC condemn Paris attacks for making border-control-supporters look correct, and BBC look stupid.

#UPDATE Reports: About 100 people killed inside Paris, France concert hall; 2 attackers dead

TERRORISM HAS NO RELIGION.Sending love and prayers to everyone in Paris  #PrayForParis

My heart is crying. Thoughts and prayers to Paris.#ReligionOfLove

My thoughts and prayers go out to the families of those massacred, and all of Paris.

Deepest condolences to those affected by tonight's events in Paris.

My thoughts and prayers are with victims and their families of the horrible attacks in Paris tonight. #PrayingForParis

The situation in Paris honestly breaks my heart. Why are some people so sick and kill/hurt innocent people? I will never understand it.

Paris you have not left my thoughts since I've heard. #PrayForParis

Our thoughts are with the people of Paris and the families who lost loved ones. Rest in peace to all that lost their lives today.

my prayers really go out to the individuals that are going through the devastating events in Paris

The world is a crazy place. Praying for everyone in Paris. #PrayForParis

Retweeted The Independent Eagles of Death Metal escape Paris attack, 100 hostages killed after

Paris shootings and explosions: In pictures: A series of shootings have taken place in the French capital, Par

woke up to this. locations of apparently coordinated attacks in Paris:  #PrayForParis

I can't believe they are more worried about that damn fake climate conference than focusing on what happened in paris tonight #stupidmsmbias

Just heard about Paris. My word Thinking of everyone there.

My thoughts are with all my friends in and around Paris. Hoping for their continued safety. Thank you for

I wish she was in Paris mate that's all I can say

I am safe, and all Harlaxton students in Paris are accounted for and safe. #PrayForParis

Let's Pray For Paris  , Many People were Killed . #PrayForParis#ALDUBHappyBdayLola#ItsShowtimeHarana

4 attackers at Bataclan  opened fire with automatic weapons killing a 100 hostages #ParisAttack #FranceUnderAttack

Mumbai 2.0 in #ParisAttacks.same well organised attacks. All terrorist had one common thing ? Q is Why terrorism has no OTHER religion ?

So beautiful day with the new 1D album and so many pain for Paris and Japan #MadeInTheAM

Le Bataclan Is A Historic Paris Theatre Now Gripped By A Hostage Crisis: Le Bataclan's long history as a  #news

I know I live hundreds of miles from Paris, but suddenly this entire thing just feels so close to home

Please stay away from CNN and these other islamophobic channels. Head to Al Jazeera for precise unbiased reports about the Paris attack.

PRAY FOR PARIS!! Hai Nkosi where the hell is this world going to?! Hay kuyagwetywa thethelela Somandla

just heard about paris.. my heart and prayers go out to everyone in paris. #parisattacks

I'm just seeing all this nowheavy hearts tonight for Paris.

Thinking about Paris and Japan tonight. We hope everyone stays safe in both countries.

God please protect the city of Paris and any other city that could be another potential target.

Praying for Paris, Japan, and the rest of the world. This is scary.

Horrifying events in Paris. Only been there once in 1999 but still remember vividly. Thoughts  prayers to all.

Pray for Paris.oh my god..no words

that was known given his diagnosis earlier in '15. Given the events in Paris, Pinkel takes a back seat now.

I keep feeling sicker and sicker with these Paris updates. Absolutely heartbreaking

he literally tweeted about paris, so what if he retweeted some stuff

ok so I have no idea what's going on because I haven't been online all day what's going on in paris

See all the folk just jumping on the Paris bandwagon for like and shit that bugs me if you're sincere fair enough but actually be sincere.

Thank you for this powerful message during this awful moment. I pray for the people of Paris.

Goodnight my fellow Atheists, Muslims, Christians, Jews, Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists and everyone else like us who hates the Paris terrorists.

French police now saying 140 dead across Paris, incl 100 inside Bataclan #ParisAttacks

its been rougher for all the countries that have been attacked today including 100 people who died in a theatre in paris

Billboard News Paris Shootings: Hostages Taken at Eagles of Death Metal Concert, 100 Reported Dead

My heart goes out to the people of Paris this evening - what incredible horror  devastation. #ParisAttacks

What a horrific tragedy.  My thoughts are with Paris and all of France tonight.  Terrible.

Hmm I'm sure I told the French authorities that I had cancelled the #tg fixture that was scheduled for Paris this evening local time.

Paris attack: conservative 'merican outragemass shootings domestically? Meh, price of doing business

I've blocked him. He drives me up the fucking wall. People died in Paris tonight. Deal with that. It's fucking awful.

babies at #MillionStudentMarch should look at Paris and see what real threats look like and thank God they live in the US.

My heart is heavy and my thoughts are with everyone in Paris.

100 dead at the concert hall in Paris. Sad.

Praying isn't enough. The world simply needs to take action against events such as the Paris attacks.

So so sad. This goes to show that this world has gone to hell. My prayers are with paris

My heart is literally broken for the people in Paris. So sad.

This picture is from Ireland, not Paris. Please take it down.

Pray for Paris. Weep for those who are mourning #ParisAttack #westandwithfrance

I hope the are okay I know y'all was in Paris be safe

No, but it seems to not matter in between the Paris tweets

I'm in the safety of my own home and yet I'm terrified. I can't even begin to imagine how being in Paris right now may feel. #Parisattack

Turned on the news to see that Paris is under attack, so sad to hear. Sending prayers to all!

My heart goes out to those in Paris. Stay safe and stay strong.

Paris police tell CNN there were three attacks. Attackers reportedly used AK-47 automatic weapons.

She's only 18 and was only living in Paris for a very short time on her own.

Tragic news about Paris. Stark reminder of the fragility of life.

stop fighting about mitam and purpose right now there is a fucking tragedy happening in Paris

CNN, AP: As many as 100 die in Paris concert hall | National News - KETV Home  via

#LattooRepublic Dozens killed in attacks in Paris, Hollande declares emergency| Reuters:  PARIS   #TheIrfanism

Absolutely fucking horrible in Paris. I want to do something, anything.

At least 140 dead in Paris attacks, including 100 at theater, Paris City hall official tells Reuters

My heart goes out to Paris, flying over that city tomorrow, kinda scary..

Pentatonix Light In The Hallway -- love to you, Paris.

NYT live update RSS feed for Paris attacks:

My heart breaks for everything going on in Paris! Thoughts and prayers are being sent their way. Please be safe everyone. God bless

I liked a video from  Motorcycle Paris Triumph

The Paris situation is making me feel physically sick

If anyone needs anyone to talk to about the event in Paris, my DMs are open

Our hearts are with the people of Paris tonight. #ParisJeTaime

7 friends have marked that they're safe on Facebook. Now I wait and worry about the other 12. Heavy heart tonight for all of Paris.

Is your city on this list? Mine is and I don't appreciate it at allespecially after tonight in Paris.

I'm very glad the hostages in Paris are okay

Shit, I just heard about what happened in Paris, everyone there stay safe and I hope and pray everyone will be okay. :(

Paris Terror Attacks Kill At Least 160  via

Today, radical terrorism has expanded it's borders into Paris; death toll still unknown; terrorism=terrorism; must condemn.#ParisAttacks

Taxi meters off. People opening their homes. If you're out in Paris and need somewhere safe to go/stay use #PorteOuverte #GodBlessParis

Terrorists are evil sick and hateful.  I hope Paris and the French people can stay strong and safe x

God save our soul, my prayers goes to the people of Paris to night, I pray for your safety and comfort..

Discordance, jarring, upset as I sit in our lovely bookstore and hear about events in Paris. Why again

Heartbroken for Paris. Heartbroken for us all. #PrayForParis

Praying for Paris and victim involved The Terrorists Attack. Sad day in Paris. #staystrong

Horror horror horror this could have been any one of us. Heart so heavy for Paris. For Beirut. For us all.

As we grieve for Paris tonight let's not forget people in some place live with this violence all the time

My heart goes out to the people of Paris today.

Shootings, explosions in Paris; more than 100 people reported dead

Paris terror attacks have left as many as 142 dead

There wasnt one in Paris this morning either

Prayers upon more prayers to our brothers and sisters in Paris. May God be with them during this time! #Paris #pray4Paris

The Moral Ark of the Universe: The Pope, Paris and Power by and Director

New York pays tribute to the victims of the Paris attacks.

Prayers for Paris. This is what happens when gun control laws like pushes are passed. Our constitution doesn't need change.

Wow. I can't even imagine what's going down in Paris right now. God be with you guys. #PrayForParis

I have heard 140 dead so far across Paris #tragic #heartbreaking

1500 French soldiers deployed in Paris, first mandatory curfew since 1944 #ParisAttacks #Pray4Paris

ALERT: Any Israelis caught up in Paris terror attacks are urged to call the Embassy on +33 1 40.76.55.00. #PrayForParis

Scores killed in wave of terror attacks in Paris as Hollande declares state of emergency

So sad what's happening in Paris. Thoughts and prayers with everyone. Keep safe.

Just landed and heard about Paris Sending my thoughts and prayers to everyone who may have been affected.

BREAKING  Paris Horror Unfolding. Solidarity, Equality  Fraternity with all citizens of France.

My thoughts are with all those affected by the horror in Paris. Awful awful news

Breaking News: Paris Massacre (13 Nov 2015)  via

1500 French Soldiers deployed in Paris.   May they be recalled quickly and brought to bear on the enemy of free people everywhere

Except that people might think you're telling him to fuck himself over his tweet wishing the best to Paris. .

Why Does This Things Happen I Really Dont Understand, Why People Have Cruel Minds#Paris #ParisAttacks #ParisStrong

Prayers for the people of Paris God help them! #ALDUBHappyBdayLOLA

Do not tar the innocence of faith with the atrocity of terrorism that has happened in Paris. Thoughts with everyone involved #PrayForParis

#fashion BBC Children In Need comes under fire for 'ignoring' horrific Paris attacks for hours

Oh damn stay safe paris

almost 200 innocent lives have been taken in paris today this is so sickening and awful i truly cannot express how sorry i am to all the

There's so much misinformation right now we really aren't going to know exactly what has happened in Paris for quite some time.

'This is horror,' says Hollande. Our latest on the Paris attacks

Paris shooting: Scores killed and injured Telegraph -

I am so sad and so upset and over 100 people are dead who were executed one at the time in Paris and it is not

Suicide bombers in Paris, shit just got real.

not that i dont feel bad for the people of paris but there's worse shit going on in the world that is't being reported and fucking should be

It's sad what's happening right now in Paris. #PrayForParis

can someone inform me about what's going on in Paris

business is really booming in Paris right now.

Prayers are all focused on paris now

My heart goes out to those who lost friends and family in the Paris attacks.

Paris embassy numbers:Philippines: +33144145700 US: +33143122222Australia: +33140593300Canada: +33144432900

This makes me want to cry:  Paris attacks: Hostage siege at Paris concert hall ends with 100 dead, incl 2 attackers

My heart is heavy for everyone affected with what's happening in Paris. My thoughts prayers go out to everyone#ParisAttacks #Prayers4Paris

It's not much but I'm praying for everyone over in Paris right now.

while we pray for paris, lets remember that the people doing these sick things are a part of a radical group, not representing a religion

I think now people are gonna be scared to go to Paris and Paris was one of my future trips

Paris, please please stay safe,,,, I have so much hope in my heart 3

My heart and prayers go out to all those affected by the terror in Paris tonight.

Our thoughts are with LE, first responders and all those effected by the events in Paris.

Saturday's front page: 140 dead in Paris massacre

My heart goes out to those in Paris. There are those who would hurt us, but there will always be more who will stand against them.

Evil shall not prosper. Good will prevail. Praying to whoever is up there for those effected in Paris.

ours prayers are with our neighbors in Paris

But how much worse does it have to get? Like seriously. But I diverse what happened in Paris is awful. I hope we see nothing like this again

Heartbroken for all in Paris but also for the backlash that many innocents will suffer because of a few persons act of madness

This is so sad!  My son's band Vektor is going to Paris next week!!

Hearts and prayers with those of Paris tonight #prayforparis

praying my cousins are safe in Paris! This is insanity!

Reinvent NOW! Use Facebook To Say You're 'Safe' During Events Like Paris Attacks

#PrayingForParis I hope everyone now is safe . Praying for Paris  We are all Paris and we can't let this happend again ..

SENDING OUR PRAYERS TO PARIS  OUR HEARTS ARE WITH YOU ALL ALL OVER THE WORLD TONIGHT :( WE MUST RISE ABOVE EVIL AND GOD WILL PREVAIL !!

There are no words Paris, may your people stay strong and know that our thoughts and prayers are with you.

My thoughts go out to Paris and the people there. Stay strong everyone.

now talking to with Layer Cake Crisis Group in Paris on #siriusxm 167

Paris shootings: 43 killed, fire officials say  Follow KevinFitts #FutureWorldNews

Paris opens its doors to people seeking safe haven with #PorteOuverte

I am shocked and disgusted by the hateful people ruining innocent lives in Paris. My heart goes out to those affected.

my mother and brother are in Paris now.

I feel so terrible for being safe. If I had the means to transport myself to you, I would help greatly. I'm so sorry, Paris.

Devastating. Our prayers are with you Paris. #PrayForParis

France declares State of Emergency after five sites in Paris attacked by gunmen and suicide bombers, killing 100:

ALL COUNTRIES TAKE NOTE, this happened in Paris, to France because they treated Islam like a puppy instead of the snake it is. #ParisAttacks

Prayers for our troubled world. Our family in Paris are safe.

pLEASE DON'T FORGET TO PRAY FOR PARIS, LEBANON, BAGHDAD AND JAPAN

#JeSuisParis We're pray for the people in Paris! R.I.P

BREAKING: Further 1500 French soldiers have been deployed to Paris

Thinking and praying for of all those in Paris right now. Vive la Paris!

So sad to hear about Paris. Words don't feel enough. Thoughts and prayers to all the people affected

My heart feels so heavy with the Paris attack :(

My heart goes out to those affected in Paris, Bagdad and Belruit today. You all are so strong and this is so unfair. #ParisAttacks

Horrible things have happened today, praying not only for the people in Paris, but also the 2 students from Grant who were just shot today.

Praying for everyone in Paris! Reminds me of 9/11 #PrayforParis

Praying for all of those in Paris and hoping that this will all come to an end as soon as possible. We love you #PrayForParis

I've been traveling 10 hrs today  have 30 more to go with a 6 hour stop in Paris en route to Indonesia. Do you service Paris?

WATCH LIVE the police shooting DOWN terrorists in Paris here:    #Prayers4Paris #Paris #ParisShooting #ParisAttacks

Thoughts and prayers to all my family in France and Paris!! Love u all

'Islamization' of Paris a Warning to the West - World - CBN News - Christian News 24-7 -

Our hearts and thoughts go out to those affected by tonight's senseless violence in Paris.

Glad to hear all friends in Paris are safe. Thoughts with the people of such an amazing city

PaizoCon France has been cancelled. All volunteers/attendees confirmed to be safe. Our hearts and thoughts are with the people of Paris.

#Paris, you are always in my heart,  tonight, in my prayers. Sending love to the City of Light. #ParisAttacks

We can't control the devastating events in Paris, but we CAN control how we react. Islamophobia helps no one. Terrorism has no religion.

Now everyone is shouting pray 4 Paris but worse tinz happen in naija here n ya'all prefer 2 talk abt leaked nudes n tweetfights. Smh

attacks in Paris and we are going to be welcoming 100 Syrians into Scotland on Tuesday. Unreal.

Cop21 Paris:Activists Steal Bank Chairs In Advance Of Climate talks- isis blamed #PARIS #MillionStudentMarch #Mizzou

Hope to God everyone stays safe in Paris horrible news! #prayforparis

Devastating news in Paris and thinking of all my friends in France today. Times like these show how strong a nation truly is #PrayforParis

almost 200 people died tonight, my prayers are with the families of the deceased, and everyone else in Paris right now, I'm so sorry

praying for everyone that is being affected in paris and japan #PrayForParis #PrayForJapan

do I make jokes at inappropriate times? constantly. the Paris attacks show the worst in humanity, and the best. that's not a joke.

Paris, Japan, Lebanon, Baghdad. That's a lot of damage done in a single day.

BBC News - Paris attacks: Bataclan hostage stand-off 'leaves scores dead'  France armed Terrorists in N Africa Syria

Stop using the Paris attacks to justify your racist/islamophobic views. Terrorism has no religion.

Political Correctness KILLS. Don't believe it? Ask Paris.

suicide bombings in Paris, Lebanon, and Baghdad

Watching the count raise in Paris is truly disheartening.

American Airlines delays Paris flights, United Airlines operating as planned - RTRS

|| I know at least 14 persons who lives on Paris

Paris attacks: Bataclan hostage stand-off 'leaves scores dead' -  no what's going on

I take a nap, wake up, and hear that there was an attack in Paris what is going on in this world

VIDEO: AP photographer describes scene inside Paris stadium as explosions were heard during soccer match:  -AP

Event at canceled in light of attacks in Paris. A live report coming up at 5

When you talk about the Paris attack tonight, remember to state Muslim Extremists. EXTREMISTS.

God bless the victims of terrorist attacks in Paris. #PrayForParis

Rest in peace those who died in Paris

2am on Paris metro, people clapping trumpeter

No, this doesn't have any correlation between the influx of refugees and the highly coordinated attack on Paris. Nah.

BREAKING: Terrorist Attacks in Paris; Airbnb's Open Conference OK  #sanfrancisco

Paris attack draws attention to Obama's claim of progress on ISIS

prayers for your safety and everyone in Paris.

there were attacks throughout Paris. 100 civilians were taken hostage and about 140 deaths at this time.

Wow R.I.P to everyone who lost their life in Paris

Paris is one of my favorite citiesheartbreaking just imagining the horror tonight

News update: Paris is still undecided as to whether flights will be coming or going.

Everything happening in Paris is proof that we should take nothing for granted. Ever. Love hard, y'all. #Pray4Paris

Paris, racist debates, and young mans friends grieving on my tl rn this is sad.

They had no choice the borders are closed so nothing can go into Paris

CoD: Modern Warfare 3 already predicted this. Terrorist attack at Paris. Coincidence?

Pray for Paris.. People are so crazy

My heart is aching with you Paris! #Pray4Paris

Thoughts and prayers go out to the victims all people of paris, such a cruel world, #prayforparis

I was in Paris last year it's such a weird feeling

USA - Paris is in France. Unless you have chatter on possible attacks in USA why are your cities upgrading their armed presence?

Never have I been happier to receive a alert than these new ones telling me my friends are safe in Paris.

I'm praying for Paris!!  Horrendous  attack just now!

bloody hell stop killing people!!! thoughts love and sympathy go to Paris

Pal of mine in Paris has already checked in on FB safe  sound. Times like this, social media shows its true value.

My heart cracks every time I hear an update on Paris #PrayForParis

Our prays go out to all those in Paris #prayforparis

My heart breaks for Paris and for all of those affected by the violence.

Our thoughts are once again with France tonight, in regards today's tragic events in Paris. Same enemy, different

Wow I can't believe this I just saw in my news feed that 100 people have being killed in Paris in separate

Don't say you only pray for Paris when there's war in our whole world. Pray for victims, pray for humanity. #prayforParis #PrayforHumanity

So heartbreaking, this is terrible. Praying for Paris.

Look for the #DOJ to crack down on returning veterans and people who quote Thomas Jefferson, after the Paris attacks.

Logging off - cant cope with the news coming out of Paris

thanks for sharing Paris Live, have a great Saturday :)

#ALDUBHappyBdayLOLA   whats wrong with the world..stop paris attacks!

hey hope your okay I saw what happened in paris

Zaz I Love Paris - J'aime Paris  via 3 sending love to Paris

I really hope my friends and their families in Paris are alright :/

Let's use the right word. People in Paris die every day. These people tonight were murdered.

Our thoughts are with you and all of Paris. Love.

BOTH ATTACKERS WERE KILLED GUYS ITS OVER IN PARIS

Someone needs to take all internet and tv capabilities away from me so I stop reading and watching about Paris. #prayforparis

CNN: Police say 140 killed in paris due to terrorist attacks #prayforparis

Saddened by the events in Paris, my condolences to those who lost their loved ones

Prayers again for Paris and the families of those who lost loved ones.

My thoughts and prayers are with the families of the victims from the attack in Paris. Those radicals need to go back. They are animals

Our hearts go out to the victims in Paris

Near to families of Paris victims. May the spirits of their loved going in peace giving us the peace.

More than 100 people dead in Paris.. what is going on with this world.

The Latest: Gunfire heard from outside Paris concert hall: PARIS: The latest on shootings and explosions in Pa

Great update and rundown of events in Paris Attacks.

My heart and condolences go out to the people of Paris. Do not let fear shake your resolve. #VivaLaFrance

Can't believe some people are using these Paris attacks to push their hate agenda against the religion tht are the main targets of thse scum

It's just horrible, a nightmare. I'm waiting for news from a friend who lives in Paris never been so worried

people who blame refugees for the Paris attacks: the refugees are trying to GET AWAY from the terrorists

How nice for Ariana Grande. I believe the rest of us are thinking about Paris. Sort it out Jezebel

Stay strong Paris! This is a terrible tragedy you have suffered, and I pray this will never happen to you again! 3

WAMU 88.5 will be airing coverage of Paris attacks from 8 p.m. to 10 p.m. Stream at:

Imagine bein on vacation in Paris right now

Top on HN: Paris Attacks Kill Dozens in Night of Deadly Terror (

Its so sad that is happening in this world. God be with those in Paris

Extending our prayers to all those who were affected in Paris. May God bless you even more. #PrayForParis | #ALDUBHappyBdayLOLA

Fears for US band caught up in Paris siege

Fears for US band caught up in Paris siege: Fears grew for the safety of an American rock band whose concert w

About 140 dead after siege at Bataclan concert hall and attacks across Paris. Just awful.

Puts a strong dark halo on the upcoming summit in #Paris #ParisAttacks

I had 2 check who the American band was because I knew they were in Monaco yesterday. Glad their ok. Keep Paris in our prayers

My heart actually hurts thinking of all those men, women and children who lost their lives in Paris tonight.

I'm so sorry. My heart goes out to all of Paris. I will keep all of you and your loved ones in my prayers.

Westerners blaming Muslims for the Paris attack need to realise that ISIS have been killing Muslims in Afg, Iraq, Syria etc. Use your brain.

ConservativeCCh:  My prayers are with the people of Paris and of our ally France tonight. #ParisAttacks

I just heard of the attack on Paris made a great video on it

Thoughts and prayers to the victims and survivors of tonight's terror attacks in Paris.

I've never been to Paris. But that doesn't matter. Terror is never the answer and is always senseless. #PrayForParis

Prayers to Paris. Be extra aware out here. Peace

I blame every Terrorist Mama for every person her son killed in Paris!

Saying a prayer for Paris and everyone affected by this tragedy.

Bataclan concert hall after #CharlieHebdo attacks in January HT #ParisAttacks

The terror attacks in Paris, Baghdad and Beruit. The racial tensions at Mizzou and other schools. So much hatred in one week it's sad

My brain can't even begin to comprehend what's happening in Paris. My heart is with everyone

Paris attacks saw ISIS gunmen shout 'Allah Akbar' as victims were slaughtered  Muslims Paris

Let us all take a moment and turn our thoughts to Paris at this time of need. May peace prevail.

I'm sure if they were black victims in the Paris attack, they'll try their hardest to conceal it.

All my thoughts and prayers going out to Paris this evening. So sad.

Been to Paris about 10 times. Doubt this shit will stop me going again in the future

All the love for Paris. Devastating events we should all pray for.

HH #YounusAlGohar: Paris TragedyIts so painful to hear that atleast 60 innocent people got killed (cont)

I'm sick to death of innocent people being killed. From Blacks in America  police brutality to what is happening in Paris. It needs to stop

Taxi drivers and PH please No Crap about Uber Paris tonight instead Pray for Paris#parisattack

Sad news to begin the day. 140 killed in Paris terror attacks. :( :( :(

Shocked  terrified for Parisians.#ParisAttacks Paris hostage siege ends with 100 dead, including 2 attackers

Terrorism in not a religion. Stay safe Paris! #PrayForParis

I posted that too in January. These lines always seem fitting.Going to bed now. Stay safe, in Paris, Beirut, Raqqa or wherever you are.

whats happening in paris is fucked up .

Just remember one thing Paris, those refugees are fleeing the exact same terror you've experienced tonight. This should help you sympathize.

Hope the terrorist is only in Paris not in Dijon won't let her and her family hurt hope they will be fine oh Allah please guide them

Its a good, Epic and Hilarious point.Lol Good Night too.dont forget to Pray for Paris

140 people died in paris atm,wtf

I find it interesting how all the Liberals condemn conservatives for using the Paris attack to argue on immigration (1/2)

Paris events show what is easily carried out amongst an unarmed population.  My heart and prayers go out to all affected #prayforParis

Sending love to our friends in Paris and our dear friends the Eagles Of Death Metal who were playing tonight. We

if Nuclear Weapons stopped wars why is there war in Ukraine, the attacks in Paris, Palestine, Syria, Afghanistan, Iraq etc.

How do we overcome this tsunami of violence. My heart bleeds red with all in Paris

The Lord is more powerful than evil will ever be. We can trust He is faithful and sovereign. Paris, we're praying for you.

Will martial law in Paris extend to the Muslim No-Go zones?

We are all standing for #paris . Paris and parisien , stay strong and safe . #PrayForParis#ParisAttacks #ParisShooting #parisinflames

ABOUT 140 PEOPLE KILLED IN PARIS ATTACKS - CITY HALL OFFICIAL (REUTERS)

I love my mom, but what she said tonight about Paris was ugly and reprehensible.

I live in a small town so I'm safer than people living in Paris I guess

wtf I wish I was in Paris right now. I'd be on a manhunt

Our thoughts and prayers are with Paris and those affected by this awful attack!#PriantPourParis

thinking of all the lovely people I met in Paris and on the verge of tears in public rn

Praying for Paris,  I hope nothing else happens #prayforparis

thoughts and prayers going out to those in  paris, please please stay safe at all costs #PrayforParis

The theatre should be a place of freedom, not one of fear. Our thoughts go out to Paris tonight

Terrorist y u attack paris? y not china?

Our hearts go out to the French and all of those affected by the Paris attacks of terrorism.

One of my fave city #prayforparis Tower, Paris , France

***BREAKING***  Paris attacks: Paris hostage siege ends with 100 dead, including 2 attackers

Hope my family and everyone else in Paris stays safe #Prayers4Paris

#PrayForParis Thoughts and prayers are with all the civilians and emergency personnel affected by the attacks on Paris.

150 dead in Paris. Boarders closed and state of emergency declared

Bashaar promised 'a thousand Afghanistans', and now one burns in Paris

Our hearts and thoughts go out to Paris during this time. #Prayers4Paris

Can't stop listening to the live stream in Paris.

pray for the innocent people suffering in Paris

Father God, Please protect the Paris from the people behind of attacks and especially all over the world. In JESUS name. AMEN  #PrayForParis

No words.I can only offer prayers for all.My heart is breaking for Paris and her people.

What has happened in Paris tonight is devistating. Absolutely horrifying #Pray4Paris

News from TIME: Paris Attack: U.S. Officials React With Horror, Solidarity

Paris Attacks Kill Over 100, Police Say; French Impose Border Controls

I understand less and less why things happen in this world.  My heart goes out to all victims in Paris and Beirut.

Tragic in Paris, prayers going out for all effected.

My hearts grieved 4 Paris, heavy 4 America,  devistated that this has become our world. Praying 4 every nation  tongue! #JesusTheOnlyHope

The events in Paris are beyond horrible. My deepest condolences and my greatest support for whatever action needs to be taken.

Our thoughts go out to all those affected by the events in Paris tonight- our love and prayers are with you all. #PrayForParis

This is the worst day ever. I hope everybody gets somewhere safe in Paris.  My prayers are with everybody who has lost someone#Prayers4Paris

Feeling so sad about what happend in Paris tonight. But that's just the beginning :( #Pray4Paris

i pray for everyone that is unsafe right now especially in paris and the other countries that are involved

Paris. I almost cried listening to the radio.

as in everyone was talking about the girl that jumped off the Mad Decent boat party. but now everyone moved on to the Paris story

140 dead in Paris. Breaking my heart. I've been there more than any other city in the world other than London.

Paris terror attacks: A game changer, whether ISIS or Al-Qaida are behind it

Horrifying eye witness accounts in Thoughts with Paris.

Facebook activates 'safety check'allow users near the Paris terror attacks that alert their friends that they are okay

Our hearts and prayers go out to those in Paris as they deal with this horrific tragedy #devastating

US Rock Band Playing Attacked Paris Venue

quick note to friends and family. yes i'm in paris. yes i'm safe. sending light and love.

Our thoughts are with all those effected by the Paris Attacks.

Sad to here about the events that took place in Paris. Everyone please pray. #StayStrongParis

Absolutely shocking what has occurred tonight in Paris. My thoughts are with the victims and their families. #PrayForParis

Horrified by ongoing events in Paris. Our thoughts are with all the emergency services responding, and with the people of France.

Sad Friday the 13th for Paris R.I.P to all the lost

Hearing there's an FSU London student visiting Paris tonight. If anyone knows how to get in contact with them email srossma

no idea it just says Paris France on the news

Praying for all those lost in Paris. It truly is dark times. #PrayForParis

#News #Headlines WND Obama leaves 'Islam' out of Paris terror statement

James, what do you think of what has gone on in Paris. I need to see thoughts from someone I can trust.

I don't usually make tweets like this but prayers out to everybody in Paris shits crazy

Tw Justin: Had a great first show but just heard about what happened in Paris. Thoughts and prayers with everyone #PrayForParis

there were multiple terrorist attacks in Paris for those who were wondering

Kids go to a gig. Kids get killed. Don't know much about what's going on in Paris but it's pretty fucking heartbreaking x

My heart is broken because of Paris attacks :( #RIP #Bataclan  #franceattack my condolences to my friends in #France

Pray for Paris and all countries who have these maniacs within their gates Basia for #landp1776

- kind of violence. The people who did this in Paris are a minority and should not be labeled anything other than murderers.

Our hearts are hurting for our friends in Paris.

I do understand how tragic the events in Paris are and I do sympathize, but how can I legitimately get worked up

New post: AFP: Around 100 people killed at Paris concert hall

watching for Paris coverage.cnn partisan jousting is nauseating and unprofessional. #JeSuiParis #JeSuisParisienne

Whine about ur racism and ur student debts and political correctness and narcissistic stuff.. But Paris doesn't have time for ur crap

No family in Paris. Sickening loss of human life has left me numb  angry.

Very Sad what happen In Paris and I Hope everyone is Safe and Everyone Around the World is Safe

We are a society that's are un educated, self destroying and selfish. Turn your prayers to Paris, not trying to correct a stereotypical form

my heart goes out to the people in Japan and Paris, I'm sorry for all the hell thats going on right now.

My prayer goes out to all the family of Paris  that have lost. Love one

jfc the human race is disgustingthoughts will be with victims in Paris for a long time

Praying God's peace and comfort over the people in Paris!

Absolute Disgust to ABC, Fox+ alerted US people to the horror in Paris. You waited HOURS+ #ParisAttacks

Prayers going out to all in Paris tonight #ParisStrong

My thoughts go out to everyone in Paris and/or has family there. What is wrong with some people.

Nick O'Brien says no group has claimed responsibility for attacks because confusion and chaos works in their favour #ParisAttacks

Those that grieve are going to be angry. To act morally superior and bait them into an argument makes you an asshole #Paris #ParisAttacks

Now 149 died  the number keeps rising. My heart is so broken for Paris.

Hope everyone in Paris is ok thoughts are with them

This is such a sad day. R.I.P. to all victims of the Paris horror. #YNWA

Let's use this time to mourn the tragedy in Paris, not to argue amongst ourselves about how other people respond to it on social media

The tragedies taking place in Paris should not be magnified through Islamophobia Blame the people, not a religion. #PrayForParis

If you are in Paris, please donate blood to help save victims. You can find a donation location here.  #paris

Facebook activates safety check feature so you can find out if friends in Paris are OK.  #prayforParis

What's happening in Paris is heartbreaking. It could happen anywhere. Prayers going out to all

Paris gave my heart so much let's stay strong for them and support whatever they need #PrayingForParis

I can't believe this.. I pray God watch over the people of Paris, France tonight and their families..

Anyone in Paris following us , please let us know now you guys are holding up

#ParisAttacks  Death penalty must be considered all over EU to secure freedom and to avoid further terror attacks. No mercy for terrorists.

So many things wrong in the world. My prayers go out to Paris and I hope those who caused this get what they deserve #PrayForParis

[] also for anyone you know who's tweeting pics of what's happening in Paris, make them stop. They're only exposing police positions. Don't.

These attacks in Paris disgust me the threats have been coming it's time to stop being the peace keepers and eliminate ISIS

it's terrifying and heartbreaking to hear about what's happening in Paris. my heartfelt thoughts to the people in Paris

There was a moment of silence for the victims of the Paris attacks here at the UCsometimes I feel like sports are so unimportant

y'all being live is awesome. Great idea. I am enjoying it. Helping me not cry over Paris. But still checking news.

The Latest: Jihadist supporters celebrate Paris attacks  GOOD! This way we know who they are!!!

'Horror': At Least 100 Dead in Multiple Paris Attacks  via nbcnews Not Horror but reality

President Obama Statement on Paris Terrorist Attacks (FULL SPEECH)

My bosses coworker is from Paris and her daughter called her in Paris and said they were all on lock down at home

Can someone send me a link to what happened in paris im behind

Paris attacks: At least 118 killed in gunfire and blasts, French official says A news story you should follow

BREAKING Paris' tragic death toll dramatically continues to soar. Now at least 149 dead

I wish my very best to everyone in Paris.  Please try and be safe as best as you can.   It's a sad world that we live in.

My prayers go out to everyone in Paris that is affected by this tragedy, I dropeed to my knees when I turned on my TV and saw this tragedy.

Thoughts and prayers go out to all those family friends and victims affected by these attacks #ParisAttacks bomb these guys into ashes

Our hearts go out to everyone in Paris today. We are praying for all of the victims and their families.

My heart goes out to everyone in Paris. Truly devastated. #Pray4Paris

Thoughts and prayers for everybody affected by the horrific acts of violence in Paris. #prayforparis

Pray for Paris pray for peace ! Park, Atlanta

Peace to you, Paris.  I Declare World Peace.#IDWP #hour4Peace

Thoughts  prayers with Paris. A city of light  peace ravaged by a heinous act. Ce soir, nous sommes Parisiens.

A website has been created to locate the nearest safe shelter for those in Paris. Spread the word. #PorteOuverte

So heartbreaking what the people in Paris are going trough, puts life into prospective. #prayforparis

My thoughts and prayers are with victims in Paris and their loved ones. I hope whoever did this will burn in the hell forever. #Paris

I feel so badly for all those in Paris with this tragedy.  Already 140 have been known to be deceased. My deep sympathy for the French.

but my heart hearts more for the people of Paris #PrayForParis

All my prayers for the people of #Paris and hoping for a quick resolution to the #ParisAttacks #ParisShooting

damn from the pictures im the only person that ain't been to paris.

Paris attacks: At least 118 killed in gunfire and blasts, French official says  ffs can't we just get along

employees from #sf in Paris for conference during attack. Employees react:

I'm terrified this is all so scary and I can't even imagine how Paris is dealing. My hearts absolutely go out to them. God bless all

People were shot in the shopping center as reported in France. Looks like multiple injuries.. #Paris #ParisAttacks

Prayers out to the people in Paris Unreal.

I wish I could be helping in Paris, I can't stand helplessly sitting at home tweeting when people NEED help #ParisAttacks

This day sucks first I don't win giveaway but it's all good second my bike got stolen and there'd Paris got attack

Celebrities Express Shock, Remorse Over News of Paris Attacks on Twitter: As the world is shaken  /via

The French Presidency has deployed 1,500 extra soldiers to Paris after attacks, the AFP news agency reports.

Paris is what happens when people like Obama are in charge. Weak on muslims

Paris terrorist said he was from ISIS I knew if it was them they would say it. They want full credit for what they do

To have left Wembley Arena and see the horrific news from another concert venue in Paris It's a scary world at the moment #ParisAttacks

You don't live in Paris! You don't even live in France! Why Re you making yourself safe? Grow up

#PorteOuverte for anyone in need tonight, I can pick you up with my car, I live in Montreuil near Paris

Very sad news, thoughts with those in Paris x

Fans in Paris stay calm amid chilling atmosphere at Stade de France: The spectators didn't panic, despite hear

I want to know that people who actually live or are currently in Paris are safe, not people who just feel like they want to click the button

I've just seen what has occurred in Paris. To all victims families and ppl affected by dreadful attack pls stay strong.  #Praying4Paris

Omg! RIP to those who died in that paris theater.

VIDEO: Fred Burton with Stratfor talks to KVUE about the Paris attack and airstrike on Jihadi John:

My heart goes out to the victims and families of the attacks in Paris, Beirut, and everywhere injustice occurs.

Praying for Paris. Things like this are why I wear the uniform.

SpartanRace: Our thoughts and prayers are with the people of Paris. #PrayersforParis

Sending my love to everyone affected by the Paris tragedy. I can't imagine what you're going through. *hugs*

Given the terrible news surfacing about the terrorist attacks in Paris, we're going to go social media silent for

U.S. Band Eagles Of #death #metal Safe After Attack At Paris Concert

My love goes out to everyone affected by the Paris attacks.  3

Our love  prayers go out to all the victims  families affected by these horrific attacks in Paris. Just heartbroken  sickened by this.

It is so sad that there is people out there that dont care about what happend in Paris and Japan  #prayforparis #prayforjapan

Photo: Rescue workers carrying injured on stretchers into a Paris cafe that's been turned into a makeshift

obama , kerry  hillary have innocent blood on their hands !! THEY ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS isis ATTACK ON PARIS !!

hope oomf that lives in paris is okay :/ #prayforparis

Prayers to everyone in Paris -- this is a nightmare for them and is horrific news to hear.

Prayers for Paris and the families tonight. God, bring peace and healing to all! #prayforparis

Japan just got hit by a 7.0 earthquake and Paris, France, just got invaded by terrorists. What a day. It is, indeed, Friday the 13th.

last year Friday the 13th cleavand clinic exploded and has a fire and this year some has Paris under attack

Paris: Terrorist attacks, 3 explosions, 100+ dead

The heroism of the military, police, and civilians in Paris will rise above these cowardice acts. #PrayForParis

I have no words to describe the horror and sadness we all feel at the news about Paris.

Paris Our prayers are with you. My heart goes out to everyone.

Track what happened in Paris with our graphics:

Absolutely heartbroken over what has happened in Paris tonight. #PrayforParis

#prayforparis such a tragedy. My thoughts and prayers go out to the innocent people in paris.

I hope the residents of Paris get some sleep tonight. Stay strong! #Paris

Awful that someone would do that in Paris. Praying for that beautiful city during this hard time!!

My heart breaks for Paris..stay safe and pray for peace..this has to end #prayforparis #stophatred #stopwar

the city of paris means so much to me. i have so many amazing memories and friends there. absolutely heartbroken at whats happened.

Believe every country needs to close their borders not just the ones surrounding Paris

my heart goes out to Paris but what country is next god help us all

My heart hurts with the news of what's happened in Paris. It's not much, but I'm thinking and praying for you all.

Gruesome situation in #Paris. Over 100 people dead in coordinated attacks. Really sad. #ParisAttacks

World reacts in shock, solidarity after Paris attacks

Innocent people should never have to suffer like this. Completely disgusted by what has happened to Paris. Prayers for all of them.

At least 140 died in Paris and dozens were injured. Damn that's just bad, that's really really sad

Beirut. Paris. I worry for the world, I really really do.

Heart goes out to those killed in Paris, R.I.P

nevermind just found out you wernt doing a show tonight due to the paris tragedy .. totally understandable respect

New York City's skyline tonight.  #PrayforParis #ParisAttacks #Paris

Heartbreaking to hear the death toll continuing to rise. I lived in Paris during college; the city is so dear to me.

What a horrible way to wakeup God bless this beautiful city #Paris #ParisAttacks

Man oh man pray for Paris what a sick world we live in all dis violence for nothing

My heart goes out to the families of the 149 people attacked in Paris :( dreadful!!!!

Earthquake in Japan. Paris attacks. Laglag bala in the Philippines. Seriously what's happening in this fucking world?!?!

Muslim council in France denounces attacks #Paris #ParisAttacks  #ParisShooting #Solidarity

I woke up and heard about the news. This is just so sad. Pray for Paris :( #ALDUBHappyBdayLOLA

Hope you are okay.  Such sad news. Praying for Paris.

keep that crock on the counter! Pray for Paris!

European liberalism died in that Paris concert hall

Pray For Paris My heart goes out for everyone May God be with you

Thoughts  prayers go out to those affected in #Paris at this ongoing atrocity this evening #ParisAttacks

Paris, Japan, Beirut, and Baghdad in a span of 24 hours. Prayers going out to everyone affected.

Our thoughts with all victims in Paris.Peace for Paris, Bansky

My heart is indeed breaking for Paris

Paris attack is not confirmed who it is yet .

Paris such a sad situation but can we please wake up and realise that more Muslims die everyday due to terrorists

Terrorism in Paris a reminder that we are not safe anywhere. Pr.18 The name of the Lord a strong tower the righteous run to it and are safe.

158 Killed In Paris Concert Hall 'Carnage'

My Thought go out to all the family, friends and people involved on the Paris attacks. #peaceforparis #paris

My heart breaks for the citizens and victims in Paris.  Such senseless violence on innocent people. #PrayForParis

Paris, you guys are gonna be in my mind and heart 24/7. I'll pray for you guys before I go to sleep

A twisted 'statement' by the attackers. Let us turn it into our own statement of our own, let us show them we are strong. #ParisAttacks

What happened to Paris  Japan is such proof that no country is ever safe to these terrorism attacks. Saddens and scares me. Pray for them.

Paris is liberty and equality and fraternity, and the whole world knows that, and the people who don't can't ever win.

For the people mentioning Japan: the reason people are giving Paris more attention is because it was caused by humans and preventable

#india #business : About 140 dead in Paris shootings  | 'Police ops at Bataclan concert hall over': About 140

my best friend is in paris at the moment and is in lockdown, I'm so scared :(((((

Thoughts, prayers and love to all those in Paris #PrayersForParis

2:13am. Stop thinking about Paris. Time to play cards, listen to music and forget for a while. Then bed, where we can escape this nightmare.

We'll be starting the event tonight with a moment of silence  unity for the people of Paris and for the healing

American Band Says Whereabouts Of Members Still Unknown After Paris Attacks: The official Twit  #politics #news

It's so sad to hear about what happened in Paris #PrayersForParis

Turning Paris, the home of civilized living, into a war zone is shocking.  Heart goes out to all the families of those killed or injured

i have a luck to live far from Paris

Annnd read about Paris aww shit manStay safe people of Paris, really hope you guys are okay(;-;)

Crazy times in Paris right now!All my support for the families of the victimsI really hope in the future

Disgusting to see tweets critical of the French as if they had any control. Thoughts are in Paris  thank you for standing with them

So sad that had to happen in Paris. Take a minute out of your day and say a prayer for the people that were involved.

No amount of bombing in Syria would have stopped what happened in Paris tonight, so partisans please stop politicizing this. #cdnpoli

Why are Americans comparing gun control to the attacks in Paris, they're  fucking idiots!

PROBLEM with Muslims  Islam is they always convert d person they marry  their kids hv d potential 2 become terrorists #ParisAttacks PARIS

My heart aches for all the lives lost due to this senseless violence in #Paris tonight #ParisAttacks

Deadliest violence #Paris has seen since World War II. Unbelievable! #Parisattacks #

If you're in Paris and need somewhere to sleep tonight then check here:  #PrayForParis .STAY SAFE!! LOVE YOU ALL!

This just in: Due to the Paris attacks, NBC will air a repeat #Undateable instead of a live one. At 10, #Dateline will focus on the attacks.

Just waiting for the tweets to begin from the GOP blaming the Paris attacks on President Obama and Hillary Clinton.  What else is new?

Watched on #Periscope: Watching about Paris on tv

My heart is breaking tonight. Let peace prevail in Paris. Let love win.

Pray for Paris and America. They both having these terrorist attacks

Shocked, stunned and appalled at the events in Paris tonight. My condolences to anyone who has lost loved ones this evening #ParisAttacks

there's a lot of drama going on between fan accounts but I think we should turn our attention over to Paris  be grateful that were alive

This whole Paris situation is probably all those Isis fucks. You're all going to hell Isis just remember that.

How irresponsible for Trump to mouth off re: gun control following Paris terrorist attack. Just a Brownshirt with a hairdo

Rip to those innocent people who were killed in Paris attack #prayingforParis

I'm not unaffected by Paris, but I am Australian. We get sad and then we soldier on because there's no other way to beat things.

Tonight I will be praying for Paris. Stay strong.

As long as we have a  a political party who believe the US should have open borders, Paris is just around the corner.

Terrorism has no religion. We should all unite to battle EVIL #ParisAttacks #Paris #France

Praying for Paris Ya'll. This should NOT be happening.

The #USA is with the good folks of #FRA after this unspeakable tragedy in Paris.

The terrorism attack in Paris resembles the Mumbai attack. Proper coordination by the terrorists and most likely poor intelligence work.

#solidaritywithparis, terrible news tonight for the dreadfull events in Paris. All Europe's gonna wake up in a more fearfull world tomorrow

French media reports 120 killed at Bataclan theatre. #Paris

Thinking of my beloved Paris during this sad  difficult time. #ParisAttacks #peace

It would be stupid to bring 100 world leaders together in Paris right now. #Climate #Climatechange #Globalwarming

+100 deaths in Paris.. Ofc people are going crazy,

One day we are gonna live in Paris, I promise, I'm on it.

It's Friday the 13th and those who unleashed terror in Paris don't win.

This is horrible. Our prayers go out to everyone in Paris. Concerts are supposed to be a joyful gathering. #paris

more Sad of the meeting then wha happened in Paris

118 dead after Eagles of Death Metal siege: Paris police ended Bataclan hostage stand-off

Paris leads Fairview 23-6 after the 1st quarter in the Class 'A' playoffs. #wkytgametime

You keep Paris, the French people, I hope everything will be adjusted.

this happens everyday in other countries but gets no media coverage because they aren't first world countries, no disrespect to paris

Death toll in Paris Attack now at 140. :(#Paris

New: French Authorities Say Dozens Dead In Paris Attacks

Off to bed now. Sending some last positive vibes and thoughts to everyone in Paris. #Prayers4Paris

Unless your country is a totalitarian police state the attacks carried out in paris will always be possible. To use the death  suffering

Just awful. At least 118 people at this point. Paris is in our thoughts.

Out of respect for all those lost and hurt in Paris, my account will be inactive for the rest of the night.

#PrayForParis I hope everyone turns out ok from the attacks in Paris. My God it's disgusting that people would do this to innocents.

Jihadi John killed in a US air strike last night and then this happens in Paris. Clearly a revenge attack.

Douglas sempre querendo ser justo !!!  Paris Always Douglas Sampaio

The people of Paris are in my thoughts and prayers tonight.

My prayers are with those in Paris and Japan, and God be with those who lost loved ones.

Gunmen still on the lose in Paris; unclear how many!!!!!!!

What is on my mind? PARIS IS ON MY MIND. And how could it not be? It is my favorite city in the world. It is the

Sending love toward Paris today.

Not to sound like an insensitive dick like Trump and others, but they had to choose #FridayThe13th for this Paris attack, didn't they :-/

With the Paris bombing fresh in mind, I am thankful for change, albeit very slow, on the Little Red Dot.  There

Legis: nbcchicago: CPD responds to attacks in Paris

Let's not play the blame game. Spread more light  love. The world could use it now, Paris especially #prayforparis #PorteOuverte

I can live with that.Better safe than sorry.Tonight's loss of life in Paris is unacceptable.# FootballIsIrrelevant

#ParisAttacks today were one of the worst and most despicable acts of terror that I have ever seen! My heart goes out to Paris right now!

Thoughts and prayers for those in Paris. What a tragedy. Humanity must unite against

Sending love and prayers your way tonight Paris.

Until those dying in Chicago  abroad get attention, no place should get attention. Condolences to those in Paris but home is what matters.

Thoughts and love to everyone in Paris tonight. Stay safe.

I hate seeing and hearing so much about that thing in Paris.

How is Donald Trump so backwards that he uses the Paris Attacks as a political campaign *before* being concerned about the lives lost?!

Thoughts are with those in Paris.  Hope all the murdering bastards are caught and Hollande brings back the death penalty #PrayForParis

Heartbreaking to see the number of deaths keep rising for the Paris terrorist attacks every time I look up at the TV.

#FlakoBoow: 2016 Presidential Candidates Respond to Paris Attacks: Presidential contenders offered their thoug

a lot of people in Paris are saying that light tweets are helping them not focus on the attacks

Fuck ISIS. It amazes me anyone could have the audacity to do what they have done in Paris. #PrayForParis

Death count in Paris attack rises to at least 140: It is being reported that at least 140 people are dea  #LGBT

Live BBC report about Paris Terror Attacks #ParisAttacks #ParisShooting #Paris

An informant just told me weapons #ParisAttacks #Paris most likely came out of Bosnia

I #PrayForPeace Paris attacked and 158 lost their life when we were sleeping peacefully.

Thoughts and prayers with Paris and France, reste fort mon ami.

Yeah - Mumbai style attack in Paris, 150+ dead :(

RIP to all the ppl that died in Paris because of that terrorist attack. My prayers to all the familiesThis shit gotta stop.

Paris-Immediate suspicion: returnees -- people who have traveled to Syria and Iraq and have returned,

Send your prayers out to Paris. They need all the support they can get in the midst of this tragedy. #PrayForParis

As we pray for Paris, don't neglect to pray for those that need it most #Prayers4Paris #Prayers4ParisAttackers

Our thoughts go out to all those affected by the events in Paris tonight.

My prayers go out to all the men and women in Paris

Remember to not just pray for Paris, but for all the other numerous countries that go through these things daily.

Unbelievable what's going on in the world. Beirut, Baghdad and closer to home in Paris.

Sending love to Paris.  Please be safe

The attacks in Paris are shocking and heart breaking. Our thoughts go out to all effected by this.Protect each other.Love each other.

What happened in paris? I'm honestly confused.

isn't interesting what an opportunistic vulture Trump is to pump himself  NRA while Paris was awash in blood  terror. Ass.

Our hearts are broken! to all the people of PARIS and all the families and victims we prey for you xoxoxo

Paris Attack at least 100 people are dead and 100 hostages taken in central Paris-

The Southern woman in me wants to send Paris a casserole, a platter of deviled eggs and some bourbon.

We're all saddened here at Swift Cars by the news of terror attacks in Paris. Condolences to all families affected.

This was Paris after 9/11. In tough times we must stand together.

WHY HASNT LOUIS TWEETED ABOUT PARIS

#HuffingtonPost Paris Authorities Storm Concert Hall Where Hostages Were Held, Kill 2: At leas  #TeamFollowBack

Paris attacks: At least 118 killed in gunfire and blasts, French official saysCNN

Our thoughts and prayers are with those in Paris. Stay strong #PrayForParis

my prayers are with those in Paris #PrayForParis  X

we hope EB will give a moment to pray later in their show.. For Paris and Japan#ALDUBHappyBdayLOLA

Support from New York to Paris #lovemycountry #france #fusillade #FusilladeParis #jesuisparis #prayforparis

I feel so bad for the people in Paris and their families please pray for them that they will be alright.

Incredibly grateful I can spend this evening worrying about trades and QOs. Beyond heartbroken for people in Paris with far graver concerns.

Such sad news about what's happening in Paris. #PorteOuverte

Praying for Paris and feeling so helpless. May god be with all those impacted by this horrible act of terrorism.

The response to shit like what happened in Paris today show just how awful most people are, and I'm not just talking about the attackers.

In Paris for #COP21. Shocked and saddened by #Paris attacks. 7 klm from city so safe but from today Paris will be a different place to be.

Paris, Lebanon so sad also Syria, Afghanistan Iraq Gaza the list of countries where innocents are being attacked growing  prayers for peace

My thoughts and prayers with families of those murdered and injured in Paris tonight. #JeSuisParisienne

My heart and thoughts go out to all of Paris and the loved ones #prayforparis

Goodnight Twitter and to everyone, stay safe and keep your thoughts and prayers with Paris #MomentOfSilenceForParis

I don't see any MSM station talking about Refugee scum being involved in Paris attacks!

Je t'aime Paris. Stay safe Parisians. Thoughts and prayers with you.

It seems pointless to say anything about Paris. Just stunned and heartbroken for those who have lost people they love.

Find nearest shelters in Paris:  Set up security camera w/ ur phone

Everyone fake caring about Paris now?

ISIS are apparently claiming responsibility in Paris #ParisAttacks #ParisAttacksSafe

I take a nap for 3 hours, when I wake up, Paris is bombed and Japan had an earthquake.

Hi H, love you. It's nice how you care about Paris, everyone should be praying for Paris

We're all feeling their grief.  I don't feel any less sadness toward Syria, but Paris event is acute, while Syria is chronic.

the death toll in paris is still expected to grow.

Fantastic, professional reporting from my ex-colleagues at on the unfolding terrorist attacks in Paris #PrayForParis

Tonight we will sleep safe and sound, count this blessing for our brothers in Paris by fear tonight are drowned

Good to know you are not affected. Yes the situation in Paris is so shocking.

#Prayers for Paris. So tragic praying for healing!

Paris attacks 'kill more than 100' #Isis provokes a carnage and wreak havoc

praying for everyone on japan and paris to be safe

'Bloodbath' in Paris leaves at least 100 dead, French borders closed after terror attacks: Doug G. WarePARIS,

Prayers go out those who lost loved ones in Paris today may God be with you all

As of now 140 ppl have been confirmed killed in Terror Attacks in Paris the death toll is said to rise..

CHECK TO SEE IF YOUR FRIENDS FROM PARIS ARE OK:

I've been unplugged since hearing the news in Paris hours ago. Wish I had stayed unplugged. Can't be part of this world audience.

I've never wished that I spoke French more than I do now. Je t'aime, Paris. #PrayForParis

Horrific news out of Paris. Our thoughts are with you, as you go through this troubling time. #ParisStrong #PrayForParis

My girl dreams of visiting Paris one day and I will help keep that dream alive. #ParisAttacks

My heart weeps for all the people hurt or killed in the senseless attacks in Paris

Explosions, gunfire erupt in Paris near soccer stadium  via

The City of Lights will shine brightly once more. Don't lose hope. Don't lose love. We stand with you Paris.

Breaking, law martial in Paris neither today nor tomorrow may be circulating on the street, or out on the street,

So sad and so scared for the world we live in. Paris is such a beautiful place. #PrayForParis

Francois Hollande delivers a fervent speech for citizens to stay calm and not to be afraid.  American Airlines halted flights to Paris.

Also, all staff in Paris are accounted for as safe, for those asking. Thank you.

God is with all of yall in Paris tonight

it is beyond reason why this happens , prayers for all the people in Paris

What a senseless attack. Thoughts are with those in Paris.

My heart and prayers are with the people of Paris.  Very sad news.

I'm not in Canada but I RTed anyway it's Paris related

My heart is with everyone in Japan  Paris on this tragic day

Tragic events in Paris tonight, thoughts and love to the French people.

#NYC #News We're mourning with Paris: We mourn for the dozens of lives lost during a stunningly horrific set o

I can't even begin to process what is happening in Paris right now All of my thoughts are with you all

So sad and cut up about what happened in Paris, one of my favourite cities in the world

It takes disasters for us to open our eyes. My heart goes out to those in Japan and Paris.

Prayers out to all the people in Paris

My thoughts and prayers go out to those who were hurt  who lost their lives in Paris. #ParisAttacks #GodBlessParis

My heart goes out to the victims in Paris, thankfully my brother made it out.

Remember all our friends. Be strong Paris. Be strong FRANCE. Xxx

billboard: Jared Leto shared some potentially devastating news following the Paris shootings

French Authorities Say More Than 100 Killed In Paris Attacks: The French capital has been rocked by shootings and an explosion in at

Team Sabrina sends our thoughts and prayers to everyone effected by the attacks in Paris. #PrayForParis

Thoughts and prayers to all those affected by the terrible tragedy in Paris #PrayForParis

Cannot get my head around how much innocent people were killed in Paris

France, Europe, the whole world has to stand together as a unit now. Against terrorism, for humanity. #paris #ParisAttacks #ParisShooting

My thoughts are with those in Paris tonight. Stay strong. #France #Paris

All thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the attacks in Paris tonight. #PrayersForParis

If you're having a bad day just remember it could have been so much worse. Be grateful if it wasn't. Pray for Paris

All the innocent people in paris. My prayers to yall.. #PrayForParis

People who claimed #SyriaRefugees were potential #terrorists. Terrorists in #Paris are the people refugees are fleeing from. #ParisAttack

#PorteOuverte if you are in Paris and need a place to go!

Not a time to blame an entire religion for this. It's the time to pray for Paris  Lebanon, and pray for the safety of the people.

Paris Terror attacks shocking. More than 150 dead they say ? Terror's biggest strength is its appologist both Ned  to be  handled touch

#ParisStrong #ParisAttacks  All the love and support for the great People of France.  Pray for Paris!

I've been looking for info for ages.Suprised they haven't had a correspondent or two stop off on way 2 paris 4 tomorrows news

MERCI! Thanks for your thoughts, here in Paris we are OVERWHELMED!

That doesn't stop Muslims from doing it, of course. Evidence affirms this. Paris affirms this. London affirms this.

I wonder why there are never any terrorist attacks in Switzerland? #ParisAttacks #Blowback

My prayers go out to the innocent lives hurt by the #TerroristAttack in Paris. #PrayForParis

might have helped a few but my guess is they had automatic weapons, how did they get them into Paris?

BREAKING: insurgents attack French Army stronghold in Hollande bastion of Paris. #ParisShooting #ParisAttacks  #isis #JeSuisCharlie

Thoughts and prayers with the victims of Paris. Yet, disgusted with the world for choosing which civilian lives deserve more recognition

Our thoughts  prayers are with the victims and families of the recent tragic attacks in Paris. #PrayForParis

The Navy been reading people making ignorant comments about Paris and Mizzou all day. Here for it.

Atleast 118 people killed in Paris..2 attackers killed.. #PrayForParis

omg I got a notification that my friends are safe in Paris that is so cute yet so sad #ParisShooting #PrayforParis

Bday tomorrow feeling bad for Paris their in my prayers

That's Paris they ain't walking Roy d strapped I take it

Goodnight Milky Way. My thoughts are with Paris and the French people today.

Paris is the City of Love, where hatred  fear will not ever rule. Marchons Marchons, Qu'un sang impur, Abreuve nos sillons #VivaLaFrance

Horrible news coming out of Paris. We are all part of one world family during times like thisa family united against extremism/terrorism.

so upsetting to hear about the attack on Paris, my prayers go out to everyone

My thoughts are with the people of Paris in the wake of these terrible events.  #Pray4Paris

Can't believe what's happening in Paris tonight, all my thoughts are with the loss of loved ones #Pray4Paris

Damn, my thoughts go out to Paris. The worlds getting scarier day by day.

Our heart goes out to the people of Paris tonight! #prayersforParis

More than 100 hostages killed at the theater Bataclan in #Paris, two attackers dead #ParisAttacks

the french borders have been closed and paris is under curfew, all for the first time since WWII #PrayForParis

Just want to invite everyone who opposed giving #CharlieHebdo the PEN award to go to hell and fuck off. #Paris #ParisAttacks #

UPDATE: Paris prosecutor says that five attackers may be dead across the city. #9News

See how it works, Odumbo?  You desert Iraq and now one cannot get a plane from Texas to Paris!!!

While what's going on in Paris is tragic, don't forget what's going on in your own country. Just saying

The Paris terrorists fled from Syria! That's why they are in Paris now! Because they got defeated today! Sinjar+John

My thoughts and prayer with the victims of the Paris in this horrific and unfornate. #ParisAttacks

French President cancels his participation in G-20 meet in Turkey due to Paris Attack!  #FranceUnderAttack

this is so horrifying. Many many prayers and strength to everyone in Paris.

..Paris ,largest crime scene in the world , since 911 Prayers from all of us , end this pointless hatred now!

Had nothing to do with tonight. This was already put in place hours before the incident in Paris. Please don't invite more fear than is

My prayers for the people of Paris, for humanity, for peace. #PrayForParis

I don't have words yet to speak about Paris. Truly, I am in shock. Having been there in the late 90s, I'd have

Sincere prayers going out to Paris and everyone affected. Its a shame how corrupt the world is #Prayers4Paris  #PrayForPeace #PrayerChain

I was deeply saddened about the terror attacked in Paris. 149 people lost their lives.

BREAKING: France has declared a state of emergency and closed its borders after multiple attacks across Paris

aunt has died in the Paris shootings, I offer condolences to Adam and other relatives regarding the loosing of a relative.

why did he have to be in Paris tonight.

What are you guarding, Mr. Moose? Looks like they could use you in Paris tonight.

My Facebook news feed and Twitter are going crazy right now with all of these Paris tragic news. I can't keep up  =(

160 dead, and a curfew in Paris for the first time since WWII. A dark, terrible day. My heart is in France tonight. Glad you're safe, Rem.

U.S. cities step up security in wake of Paris attacks  via

Am shocked and upset about these ruthless Terrorist attacks in Paris

May God bless those killed and injured in Paris. The insanity of the few, with grotesque beliefs, oft affects the many innocents.

The attacks in Paris sadden me so, usually when I see the Eiffel Tower it makes me so happy.

At least 35 dead, dozens injured in Paris attacks, 2 suspects dead

A distaster for Paris. A disaster for Europe. A disaster for sport. A disaster for music. A disaster for humanity.

when there's a terrorist attack in paris but all you wanna do is fucking party #childreninneed

It is truly terrible what has happened in Paris #prayforparis

Retweeted Wallabies Our thoughts are with Paris today, and our friends at #PrayForParis

Our thoughts and prayers are with the people in Paris and their families worldwide. Please stay safe during this terrifying tragedy.

Newsmax Prime | JD Hayworth Analyzes The Terror Attacks In Paris-

Our hearts go out to the people of Paris! Stay strong!

I've been to Paris multiple timesmy thoughts and prayers are with all my friends there at this difficult time. :(

C'est triste! We are all praying for Paris tonight. We are neighbours. Canada.

I hope everyone in Paris is doing alright tonight. It's going to be a rough night ahead.

Your album is the last that is on everybody's minds. People in Paris are not turning to you for comfort

ISIS News Account Shows Militants Seizing Marijuana Field In Syria  Paris

Prayers go out to everyone in Paris. Keeping my aunt and cousin in mind #PrayForParis

where's your statements or thoughts on the Paris attacks?

Paris attacks: France declares state of emergency after over 100 people killed in the capital

all my thoughts and prayers go to paris. stay as safe as possible. good night #Prayers4Paris

What the fuck we aren't even doing this . We are actually over here worried about Paris

All my condolences go out to the victims in Paris and those who heard the horrific explosion at the PSG game.

Earthquake in Japan. ISIS attack in Lebanon. Paris under a terrorist attack. Today is a rough day for the world

Pairs was there for 9/11 and now we are here for you Paris

All my thoughts are with Paris tonight take care all my love

Paris attack is by barberians, not by muslims, because real Islam or Kuran does not teach killing innocent people  terrorism. Allah is sad

#XclusiveHit Paris Terror Attack: Dozens Dead And 100 Hostages: The worst attack in the histo  ff

I firmly believe Paris is just a training run for an attack in America.  Everyone needs to practice their 2nd Amendment rights!!

Almost 1 year from the Charlie Hebdo attacks. #ParisAttacks #ParisShooting #PrayersForParis #LNYHBT

I know people don't wanna hear it, but the Paris attacks are a result of invading Iraq. 14 years later, still suffering from bush's mistakes

I hate hearing about things like this pray for Paris.

#news#music#fks#cele Tonight, We Are All In Paris: 'Tonight, we stay awake. We comfort each other, w  RT please

Muslims slaughter 118 Inside Paris Concert Hall, Multiple Coordinated Attacks, Death Toll Climbs to   via

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims of the vicious attacks in Paris today and their families! #PrayForParis

Crazy what is going on in Paris Couldn't believe my news feed when I woke up this morning! Thoughts to everyone there, stay safe!

Wow as I tap into the Paris attacks it is making me very dizzy. A lot of negative energy there. Death is all over

Please ask if the Paris attacks might be the result of a video that was unflattering to Islam.

Our hearts and thoughts go out to the people of Paris

Praying for #ParisAttacks #Facebook your check in system is great. My family in Paris and France are safe.

Lebanon,Baghdad, paris and japan, friday the 13th has not been good to our planet. Remember this day.

Just doing my readings on terrorism and violence and I come online to find horrible news of the Paris attacks. Feeling extra horrified?!

What a horrific tragedy.Pray for Paris.#PrayForParis #FBF #2014. Eiffel

Witness at Le Bataclan #Paris: 'Men were firing wildly into the crowd and even at people lying on the ground.'

US should make a new coalition to bomb all terrorists out of Paris .

#RefugeeCrisis - Paris Attacks: European Migrant, Refugee Crisis Could Be Fueling Attacks In France - Internat

I am boarding to Paris now.  Thanks for all your prayers.

NPR: France 24 Reporter Describes 'Triage Center' Outside Paris Concert Hall

Right Wingers Use Paris Attacks To Bash Immigrants On Twitter: Right wingers are having a   via

I ceeated a fundraiser to help those in need after the terrorist attacks in Paris and Beirut. Please help by

I am so heartsick about this. Paris, you are in my thoughts and prayers.

Paris police chief: 4 terrorists at #bataclan concert hall had detonated their explosive belts during #ParisAttacks.

Of course Iraq isn't getting as much coverage as Paris, our democrat leadership has already decided Iraq doesn't matter since we pulled out

Harry is an Angel. All prayers out to Paris.

This might not help anyone but to all the people that's suffering what happened in Paris, be strong! #PrayForParis

At least 140 dead in Paris. Hearts go out to there families. Some seriously messed up people in this world. Religion has alot to answer for

WILL SOMEONE JUST TELL ME WHATS GOING ON WITH PARIS !!

Absolutely devastated by the news of Paris, my thoughts and prayers are with everyone there and their loved ones. #PrayForParis

Very scary what is happening in Paris right now. Just found out, I can't imagine what people there must be going through! #prayforparis

Paris terror attack  a huge quake in Japan. Keep safe everyone. God bless us! #ParisAttacks #japanearthquake

UPDATE: One of Paris attackers mentioned French military action in Syria: witness | via #PrayForParis

How many CHL holders in Paris?

Around 1,500 were in Bataclan when shooting began. At least 80 killed there. Gunmen from other attacks still at large in  #Paris

The situation in Paris. The one in Mizzou. And all the other ongoing issues.  It's all horrible. Please just take care of each other.

my heart goes out to Paris tonight. I hope you are all ok, stay safe.

Our thoughts go out to Paris, and all of France.Nous sommes avec vous #France.

So Paris got attack my terrorist on Friday the 13, wow

the terrorist jokes about Zayn are not even funny and insensitive towards the situation in Paris, Beirut, and Lebanon

So horrified and agonized beyond words.My heart goes out to the families of all victims of the Paris

Around 150 people killed today in the terror attacks in Paris. Let's hold this city in prayer! #ParisAttacks

A witness inside the Bataclan venue where Paris hostages were shot one-by-one says 'There was blood everywhere

153 people now known dead in Paris.

The Paris attacks began w/ the explosion at Gate J of the Stade de France where Pres Hollande was watching the friendly Germany/France game

Gunmen still at large. Please stay safe everyone in paris #PrayForParis

My thoughts are with the people in Paris. I will pray for the victims of these horrible attacks. #ParisAttacks

honestly who ever did this are bitches for hurting paris behind their back they wold never go against paris in a wast

Ugh.? Paris is not fine. Are you even paying attention, wtf is wrong with you?

you heard about what happened in Paris????

wtf you're stupid for this, Paris is not fucking fine, delete your account.

Taking this Paris shit very seriously. No jokes

#ParisAttacks Terrorism now spreading becoming pandemic. Even super powers helpless from such determined attacks

I'm going to Paris as planned on Sunday. I'm going to walk the streets, visit the wine bars and not let any misaligned group affect me.

Praying for Paris tonight! May all affected experience God's peace and comfort! #Prayforparis #ParisAttacks

And I wanted to go to Paris.. UGH YEAH I DONT THINK SOO

For those that have friends or family members in Paris, use this tool to check on their safety if they're on

Paris je t'aime, my heart, broken, lingers on your people, your soul

If you have active Facebook friends in Paris and want them to check in and make sure they're safe when they have

praying for your dad, your family,  Paris.

Paris and France needs support and stability, and that starts with ensuring innocent people are not butchered like this again.

#PrayForParis my thoughts are with everyone in Paris, this is absolutely heart breaking

Your brand should have an emergency plan for when attacks such as Paris happen. You may want to suspend auto tweets etc.

PRAYERS FOR PARIS AND GREETINGS FOR OUR DEAR LOLA NIDORA! POWER TWEET PO #PrayForParis #ALDUBHappyBdayLOLA

French police report shootout, explosion in Paris - CNBC  via thanks

Can't believe all this shit is going on in Paris and I'm sat at home eating weetos

feeling sick to my stomach reading all the news from Paris I can't believe this is what this world's turning into

keep me posted on this Paris shit

Join us in praying for Paris and the tragedies that have happened tonight. #PrayforParis

I'm listening to the Moulin Rouge soundtrack and crying right now. Thinking of you, Paris 3

United we stand / Divided we fall C'est dur.#Paris #ParisAttacks #ParisShooting #JeSuisParis #France #twostepsfromhell

I am now checking feed to see what horror he posted about Paris. Probably racism, maybe he mixes it up with some homophobia

I hope y'all don't take this wrong but compare this Paris thing to our murder count and it kind of makes you less angry

Who in the Paris audience had guns on them to fight back?

So sad so many lives have been lost in Paris Attacks

Paris prosecutor: At least 120 people killed, 5 attackers 'neutralized' after attacks; assailants may still be at large -

My heart bleeds for Paris tonight. God bless. #PrayForParis #EndTheViolence

The news coming in from Paris is just horrifying. So awful. Why do we insist on murdering our fellow humans out of spite.

War is upon us.What Is Happening in Paris?

Our hearts are heavy and are thoughts are with the city of Paris this evening #prayforParis

:( : At least 149 people killed in Paris shootings and bombings   #PrayForParis

In light of what happened in Paris,I find a certain kind of irony in regards to your music..

Wow paris  Hope everyone is safe

Prayers and thoughts are with the people of Paris and their loved ones.  There really are no words.  #ParisAttacks #Paris

My prayers go out to the people in Paris. It's a cold world we live in today. #RiseAbove

153 people dead and counting, my heart goes out to all the families in Paris that were effected #PrayforParis

Terrorists in Paris, baby thrown out 9th floor window in Chicago! So sad to even open twitter or news. Ugh!

Wtf does that elegant ass pose have to do with praying for Paris?

#Breaking: Paris is under attack; 140 people dead. Francois Hollande has declared a state of emergency:  #ParisAttack

Our prayers thoughts are w/the people of France affected by the horrible tragedies in Paris

I better not see one single bitch from Chicago sendin no prayers to Paris and you don't post a thing about the

Praying for those in Paris. Too much evil in this world. My heart is burdened. Don't feel like writing tonight.

Lord we pray for the people in Paris tonight. Please be with them. What an awful awful tragedy.

#horror can't defeat #Paris  #Prayers4Paris #RIP The perpetrators of #ParisAttacks is enemy of #Humanity Don't associate with any Religion.

.FAMILIES OF US CITIZENS IN PARIS-US Embassy Paris seeking 2 account 4US citizens.Please spread word.#PorteOuverte

Curfew has been declared in Paris for the first time since 1944

Heartbreaking news. Our love and prayers go out to everyone in Paris. #prayforparis #saloncaramia

Are you watching the live coverage of the Paris terrorist attacks?

Death toll in Paris attacks could exceed 120, prosecutor says

Is there anyone in the Kansas City area with relatives/friends in Paris?  Or had plans to travel there in the near future?

#PrayersForParis so horrible to hear about this. what has the world become ? prayers for everyone in paris

One of my dream is to go to Paris, but what happen to paris now??? So sad  #PrayForParis

None of my problems matter. Stay strong Paris #VivaLaFrance

WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT  - Aftermath of attack in Paris  via

UPDATED: Official: More than 100 dead in string of Paris attacks

My prayers go out to everyone who has been affected by the tragedy that happened in Paris

just woke up and heard about Paris! Sending my love to everyone! Praying for all of you

'Peace for Paris' illustration becomes symbol of solidarity following #ParisAttacks:

First Thailand, Bangkok and now France, Paris

Saddened and disgusted by the news of the attacks in Paris, thoughts go to all the innocent people and families involved #Prayers4Paris

We are so sad to hear about the tragic events in #Paris. Nous sommes avec Paris.  We cry with Paris tonight.

Can't be. Paris streets are empty. Sth like a curfew is in place. These pics from Charlie Hebdo episode, I believe.

Demo debate will be interesting w/ Hillary explaining how her Sect. Of State policies she owns made Paris  the world safer from terrorists

Just got back from class and read about what happened in Paris. Jesus fuck this is terrible.

Pray for Paris pray for the mizzou students pray for a better world

just heard from one of my friends in Paris! #thankingGod

This Map Shows Where the Paris Attacks Took Place

PKR MEDIA STATEMENTCONDEMNATION OF ATTACKS IN PARISThe news of multiple attacks on a restaurant, theatre and

Thoughts are with Paris and I'm glad you guys are safe!

We are all saddened as Paris has been attacked by the world's greatest threat, global warming (1st draft of Obama's speech)

My thoughts and prayers go out to the people of Paris this evening.

158 people are dead in Paris right now, it's not the time to promote an album, it's a time to #PrayForParis

Paris prosecutor says 5 attackers may be dead in attacks across city: Paris prosecutor says 5 attackers may be

PARIS IS NOT FINE. PEOPLE ARE DEAD. PEOPLE ARE MOURNING OVER LOVED ONES. THEYRE NOT FINE.

i'm trying to see if anythings been updated on Paris but ppl keep clogging up my timeline w:

BBC saying they still do not know who is behind attacks. Elephant in the room om #ParisAttacks

Lord GOD in the name.of the most high.The people in Paris are suffering right now through violence by the terrorists in France #PrayForParis

Paris gripped in fear. Sudan on fire. Syria daily death toll est. 100+. Hard to recall good stuff at times.

It's sickening to see what is happening in Paris! #prayforparis

[Important] Due to the recent terror attack in Paris, BWC 2015 France Qualifier this weekend will be canceled for everyone's safety.

i feel so useless here doing nothing for paris, but i can do one thing, pray and send positive vibes. You can do this.

In Paris, hospital workers are coming into work on their own despite being off. The good always show themselves in these times.

My prayers are with Paris and the world. This is what happens when you practice tolerance.

Paris - such a tragedy. What the fuck is this world turning into?

Al Gore in Paris: Broadcasting from Eiffel Tower as France Paris Attack Rages - Breitbart  viawtf?

I didnt exactly see the news but what I read on twitter and facebook. I know Paris is on hardest state. #PrayForParis

Now aplogetic muslims will fillow the trend and condemn the attack  at paris

Paris attack eyewitness describes violent scene - Videos - CBS News -

Not just paris but also countries that are under attack and japan under calamity.#ALDUBHappyBdayLOLA #PrayforParis

you ignorant bitch family members gone and it not only effects Paris it effects the whole world scummy peace of shit

Bloodbath in Paris: Dozens dead in series of terror attacks  The terrorists shouted 'Allah Akbar'

Paris though If you don't know what I mean, look up what's going on in Paris France!

This world needs Jesus more than ever. Praying for Paris tonight.

Tune in to tonight at 10pm for special edition of Dateline: Terror in Paris, anchored by

J'ai deux amours - mon pays et Paris. (I have two loves - my country and Paris.)  Josephine Baker.

I've seen more tweets defacing Margo and her friends than tweets showing support towards the tragedy in Paris. Grow up.

Praying for Paris. Folks if you don't know Our savior, You need to. He's coming soon for His children.#PrayForParis

ATTEMP ON PARIS TODAY BROKEN EGAIN OUR WORLD. PLEASE STOP TO KILL PPL WITH NO REASON. OUR PLANET NEED TO LEAVE IN PEACE. THIS WAS A MASSACRE

Whats with the praying for Japan stuff? No damage reported. Tsunami warning lifted. NHK is only talking about Paris. Did I miss something?

Please join me in praying for everyone impacted by the evil that took place in Paris today. #PrayForParis

sungairapat: Paris under siege: World reacts in shock and solidarity

Here is the latest regarding members of the Penn State community in Paris, France:

Tragic day in Paris.may the jihadist be defeated.#PrayForParis

My heart and prayers go out to those living in Paris. This act of violence has no place on this earth.

Are you fucking kidding me??? Over 100 people were murdered in Paris today and all you care about is winning???

Once again, we mourn for France. Wishing you peace Paris.

My thoughts go out to all who are affected by the Paris terrorist attacks today.

i have a flight to Paris these mourning Can i cancel my flight with the refund?

Anyone who uses the events in Paris to make a political statement right now should contract herpes of the asshole.

153 dead in #ParisAttacks. In 2004 terrorist attacks in Madrid, 191 people lost their lives - it may be outnumbered by today's attacks.

Paris Attacks: Eagles Of Death Metal Relatives Say Band Members Are Safe: At leasttwo members of  #TheIrfanism

I woke up hearing the tragic news thats happened in paris what is happening to the world

hope my moms flight to Paris was redirected before this all happened

Before any hoops, prayers for Paris. The way we experience tragedy now is bizarre. Idiots are loud but we also get amazing stories of hope.

This world just makes me mad. Sad times Thoughts are with everyone in Paris. Please make this nightmare stop whoever is in charge.

Champaign: Death toll mounts in Paris attacks

Prayers for Paris. Our freedom is under attack

Editor's note: There are various reports on the number of attacks that took place across Paris. France 24 reports

Raw: Survivors led to safety from Paris theater: Automatic gunfire and blasts have rung out from the area of a

A note from Fearless on the Paris attacks

Wow, I just turned on the news. My heart`s with all the victims in Paris. Such a sad tragedy. #paris #terror2015 #ParisAttacks

All of my prayers go to those in Paris #prayforparis

My sister is currently in Paris to study law, she is safe however is staying near from the place where these acts have occured#StaySafeParis

Pray for Paris is under attack in this moments

To everyone in Paris: My heart is with you

Pray for Paris but also pray for Libya

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all those in Paris who have experienced this horrific tragedy! May God watch

The shit going down in Paris scary

All these paris news is making me emotional. Ok ok gonna stop. Will read after my practicals oh my gosh

I'm heartbroken. I'm frustrated. I'm angry. But most of all I'm speechless #ParisAttacks #ParisShooting #Paris

Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in Paris.#PrayForParis Pingnakorn Chiang Mai

Thoughts are with everyone in Paris at this awful time. Remember these are acts of terrorists not Muslims #PrayForParis #oneworld

My banner is my a fav rue from Paris, Rue Xavier Privas. Happy, loud, bright. Sad that the City of Lights is darker tonight. #peaceforparis

Lord Have mercy to Paris and all over the world.#ALDUBHappyBdayLOLA

My Nina was literally in Paris right before this happened. crazy #PrayForParis

Ok I have no idea what's going on in Paris so I think it's time to turn on the news

No words to describe what happened in Paris.I'm close to the families of the victims #paris #PrayForParis

RT IndiMclawhorn Watching people in Paris sing the French national anthem brings me to tears. #StandWithFrance

To all my friends who lives in paris in case you need help:Paris. For anyone needing assistance:For shelter:

Paris was there for during 9/11 we're gonna be there for you. #prayforparis

French President declares state of emergency following Paris shootings: French President Francois Hollande addresses the nation follo

It's just awful what is happening in these hours in Paris. In memory of all the victims!#PrayforParis #Paris

Please PRAY for paris terror attacks3#PrayForParis

My prayers and thoughts are for Paris, Japan, and the rest of the world.

Crazy that my parents were supposed to leave for Paris in the morning #PrayForParis

I don't leave in Paris so it's ok for me but it's realy painful

It's hard to wrap my mind around the evil that exists out in the world. My thoughts are/will be with Paris.

French media revealed disturbing first-hand accounts from deadly attacks in Paris

Pray for Paris pray for the world and then get your gun license so you may have a chance.

Out of respect for what's going on in Paris, feel best to not do our Friday #cuff routine during #BlueBloods. Will be sending #LOVE instead.

What is happening in Paris is so insane

Presiding Bishop Michael Curry calls us to prayer and leads us in prayer for those in Paris.

.For families looking for / concerned about a US Citizen in Paris. Please share.. #PorteOuverte

For those with loved ones in Paris - here's a safety check:

Over 135 dead in Paris tonight. Hurts my heart to see this crazy violence. #prayforparis

Tonight seeing was amazing, Craig Campbell as support was also brilliant. But coming home to the news of Paris is haunting

OMG!Paris attacks LIVE: About 140 people killed in multiple attacks #ParisAttacks #FR1DAY13BR via

Paris attacks: Facebook sets up safety check for friends -

The stupidity that kills us. 5 People Who Should Stop Tweeting About The Paris Terrorist Attacks  via

Wow. My heart goes out to all those in Paris. This is so heartbreaking.

Trump calls it right again! Trojan Horse in Paris

Hideous news from Paris, such ugliness in a beautiful city, prayers go to all involved,  we must not live in hatred #ParisAttacks

Prayers going out to Paris. My heart is broken.

I can only imagine what is saying about Paris right now

And the ABC interview those worried this may stop the Climate conference in Paris. Usual demands that we don't blame Muslims

Friends in Paris you are in my thoughts and prayers

mass shooting in paris, 100+ people dead. 7.0 earthquake in japan

That is sickening that people have no respect for the people in Paris just because the media is focusing on Paris and no Missouri.

Mexico stands in solidarity with our brothers in Paris  #PrayForParis

More images of current situation of Paris's deadly attack

President Hollande issues an emergency closure of France's borders following Paris attacks

Paris Attacks: Al Gore Cancels Eiffel Tower Climate Telethon After 5 Hours

Do Paris attacks change CDN position? Should they? I believe they should.  #parisattacks #cdnpoli

This situation in Paris sickens me to the core. My heart goes out to everyone affected by this tragedy #Paris

SoCal Band 'Eagles of Death Metal' Booked at Paris Venue Where Deadly Hostage Situation Occurred  via

Retweeted Daily Mail Online Twitter users are offering shelter to anyone in Paris using

Pray for one of the most beautiful romantic cities in the entire world, Paris

what freaks me out is that all prayers goes for paris; what about us ? or we're not human?

#BrianWilliams of was inside the concert hall in #ParisAttacks he wrestled the guns away from the attackers!

My heart with #Paris . This is just evil. No GOD would wish this upon anyone. Don't care what's your religion. Sick  Evil! Paris will rise!

I really don't care if you do or don't praybut lets take a step back from hate long enough to have a moment of silence for Paris.

Whats going on with Paris ?.. Where the fuck have you been ? Lol #googleit

the police operation at Paris bataclan concert hall is over and French media says 118 people have been killed inside including two attacked

PEOPLE ARE BEING MURDERED FOR NO REASON IN PARIS STFU ABOUT THE FUCKING ALBUM AND FIND YOUR FUCKING RESPECT

I hate to ask, but are y'all REALLY praying for Paris? Or just reposting the picture

All the stuff going on with Paris and Japan

Listening to PM on sounds like he might use the Paris tragedy to not repeal c-51. Will the most harmful parts be changed? #canpoli

Wow, I hope the people of Paris are going to be okay. Whats going on there is fucked up :C

now is not the time for politics or other bullshit . Say pray for Paris and keep it moving

Parisian living in NJ: 'These people are evildoers. They're killing youngsters': For Jean Francois, Paris is h

Paris, Lebanon, Baghdad and Japan? This is tragic. Prayers out to all affected. Can't sleep peacefully tonight, so so upset! #WhereIsTheLove

Friend in Paris says French media reporting 140 dead #Prayers4Paris

Almost 153 people dead in Paris concert attacks! #Gruesome #PrayForParis

I'm so glad I talked to my parents before I heard the news from Paris. I would probably have a meltdown.

my condolences for the friends and relatives to everyone who lost their lives in paris today. be safe, everyone!

Then there's feeling like a tit for not having seen the news from Paris. Awful.

First curfew in Paris since 1944. During Nazi occupation

I bet if those Paris Islamist could have gotten one of those jobs at Burger King that Obama created, they would not have done this

Paris you look so beautiful! #tousunis #VivaLaFrance #vivalaParis

no Paris is not fine, like are you blind? this is serious, way more important than a fucking album

Irish citizens in Paris who need to contact the Republic of Ireland Embassy call +33144176700 MT  #ParisAttacks

I just heard about Paris and that is so scary I hope the situation is handled and those responsible get their due punishment

they should visit Paris.  See people with real problems.

Thoughts and prayers for those dealing with that shit in Paris and #PrayForJapan

#Alert #Reuters World reacts in shock, solidarity after Paris attacks  via

Let's pray for Paris and its people.

Paris terror attacks wth. People these days are fucking monsters.

yewwNEWS TOP STORY Paris attacks: 60 reported killed -   see more

Tonight has convinced me. Two slaps in the face for BiBi, two terrorist attacks in Paris. I don't believe in that kind of coincidence. Soz.

glad your running comfortably, must be a relief. Such sad news about Paris, so devastating.

Leaving Sydney now, shocking news in Paris

(Montrealgazette) : Parisians spontaneously sing national anthem after Paris attacks: A Facebook user posted t

Media reports: 2 poor Muslims shot dead by French police!Also 153 die in Paris unrest.#prayforparis

paris is not fine, over 100 people died

#PorteOuverte is for people seeking shelter in Paris, not a show of solidarity like #JeSuisParis; Let people use it for its intended purpose

I'm at a complete loss for words. Thinking of all those in Paris. #PrayersForParis

Thoughts and prayers to everyone in Paris tonight. Violence like this has no place in any city or country in the world.

your album will be there forever. people in Paris aren't. please stop.

I'd be happy if she could hit Paris this weekend. They need her.

I hope this situation gets cleared up fast in Paris

I'm patiently waiting for Obama to come on TV and tell us how more gun control in America could have prevented the attacks in Paris!

Thoughts and prays to those in Paris, France tonight. Such a senseless disaster #Paris #France #euro #worldpeace

Solid reporting Merci Thank you so much for helping us stay in touch with Paris #Prayers4Paris

Here's to hoping the people of Paris band together and string these fuckers up in the streets

Terrible what's happened in Paris. Thoughts go out to those.  Sad times

Thoughts and prayers are with the people of France and the victims in Paris #Prayers4Paris

#news Paris prosecutor says death toll in attacks at 6 sites could exceed 120.  Also says 5 attackers may be dead in attacks across city.

Prayers for Paris tonight.  What's beyond us to comprehend is never beyond God. #PrayersForParis

Please take time to say a prayer for the victims in Paris.#ALDUBHappyBdayLOLA

we should have a moment of silence for the victims in Paris #Prayers4Paris

How to be an insensitive moron 101Don't you dare make light of the Paris situation Wow

Now the U.S has their excuse to put boots on the ground in Syria, something is really off about the timing of this Paris incident.

@highlight

Death toll in Paris attacks could exceed 120, prosecutor says

@highlight

Paris police says there were three attacks. Attackers reportedly used AK-47 automatic weapons.

@highlight

The Paris attacks began w/ the explosion at Gate J of the Stade de France.