Left Paris for a weekend with friends in Normandy just before the atrocities started. Hard to comprehend what has happened.

Pray for Paris and for all of the people of good faith around the world suffering from the evil.

My blog on #ParisAttacks  our selective empathy. Paris is suffering coz we ignored Peshawar Garissa Kabul Baghdad

When Facebook does something great and activates Paris safety check following terror attacks

#TodosSomosParis I am Paris, all my strenght to Paris.

100 dead in terrorist attack at Eagles Of Death Metal gig in Paris: Eagles of the Metal, the band per  #MGarner

Tragic events have and are continuing to unfold in Paris and my thoughts are with those whose lives have been affected by the attack #Paris

Paris, 1 day I'll go to there  I hope not more terorism..1 day I'll be there  I hope will only be love  peace there :')#PrayForParis

Paris Terror Attacks: All attackers believed to be dead, says Police Chief

Pray for Ankara, pray for Silvan, pray for Paris I think: pray for humanity, pray for peace.

People are so mainstream just like Paris.

Mossad AGENTS were in PARIS  FLEW out after attack which they knew  supplied weapons to terrorists. cos  anti-west banklaw

Prayers go out to the people in the Paris tragedy.

We would like to extend our deepest condolences to the people of France #ParisAttacks #Paris

Malcolm Turnbull condemns Paris terror attacks in which more than 100 were killed       {dailymail}

#ParisAttacks. Once city of love and romance now a city of death and destruction.hope paris recovers from this cowardly attacks.

Paul Craig Roberts: Another Paris False Flag Attack? #ParisAttacks #falseflag #CharlieHebdo

what went on in Paris last night has been happening in Israel for the past few months DAILY and theres no news coverage

In the attack on the Paris behind the terrorists see hand of Putin

Paris: How the attacks unfolded in stadium, cafes and concert hall #hening

Our thoughts today are for and with the people of Paris. Our love and support.

Amen. For Paris's Tourist Victims. Retweet your heart by tweeting Amen.

Paris Attacks: 10 Things You Need To Know

This is why twitter needs to let us censor certain tweet content - Paris news ad nauseum

#Prayers4Paris prayers for all affected by these horrible assassinations in Paris what kind of human do such things

World's most peaceful religion in Paris?If Paris were Mumbai by this time Presstitudes would say Paris bounces back

Terrible news in Paris, feeling for all those affected. #PrayForParis

I just woke up and i heard the news about paris..

Police seek accomplices after Paris attacked, 120 slain (from

Who is behind the attacks in Paris? Please don't tell me it's ISIS again. #ParisAttacks

Guitar practice over Paris. Edge on camera, practising for Saturday nigh

All people I know in Paris are safe.

Why Paris we ask? Why anywhere we mean?! #ParisAttacks

Retweeted Alex Chalk Appalled by the dreadful news from Paris. Thinking of the victims of

thinking about you so much paris #ParisAttacks

yes i'm fine thanks i'm don't live in paris but i have friends who are. They are ok thanks god ! But we are all shocked by it

Stand in solidarity with Paris today. Let us pray for peace  shed tears for those lost.  We must b #NotAfraidParis

Asian countries condemn Paris attacks

all of my thoughts  strength are going out to Paris, don't understand how some people can be so horrendous, this is not humanity.

Let's stick a holiday photo up on Facebook of that time I was in Paris. That'll help all them hostages

I love Paris, I am privileged to visit there a few times of year with work. Thoughts with everyone in Paris. Viva La France.

My thoughts and sympathies are with our close neighbours in France following these horrible attacks. #ParisAttacks

Shocking news from Paris last night . #prayforparis

Thoughts  prayers to all those affected in Paris. A cowardly attack on innocent people. Stay strong #Prayers4Paris

#LiveLeak #Video: Victims Bloodied on Floor after the Terrorist Attack in Paris at Bataclan Theatre: During th

on the atrocities in Paris, from the Stade de France.

Pakistani lives matter, Syrian lives matter, Parisian lives matter. Its Paris today! Just as had prayed for all nations. #ParisAttacks

Air France: delays to flights to/from Paris, travellers this weekend can postpone/cancel for credit voucher. Details

May God give strength to the people of Paris, and to thousands (juveniles) that are killed and tortured daily in Palestine #BoycottIsrael

There's Test Cricket on right now and all you selfish people can think of are dead people in Paris.

The first thing on my mind when I woke up was Paris. No one can ever be too careful, not until ISIS and all terrorists are destroyed

One Irish citizen injured in Paris attacks  via the app #ntfm

every time i hear if i could fly paris is the first thing that enters my mind

Paris. We can have only one choice and that is to strive for peace.

Paris, my favourite city has been hit with devastation. #peaceforparis There are no words to describe how

A moment of silence for Paris and everywhere else this is happening. #PrayForParis

'It Looked Like a Battlefield', Says Man Who Survived Attack at Bataclan Theater

I stand  Pray for Paris.Terrorist must be defeated.The World must be a safe place for all humanity.

Anything brought up about Paris just tears at my heart man. I can't feel good having fun while the world is falling apart.

Paris borders are closed, army implemented, curfews implemented. The world ain't safe no more #Prayers4Paris

My heart and thoughts are with Paris.  For the city that has inspired so many, this is such a sad event. #Paris

So saddened by what's going on in Paris. People just wanting to have a good time at a gig. Sickening.

So war creates terrorism. So to avenge the Paris attack.more war! Just plain stupid.

For the attack in Paris could be al Chechnya which prepared the Russian FSB.

stay safe Rachida, hope Paris will pull through this x

In total shock and disgust about the barbaric events that happened in Paris last night. #prayforparis

Let's all send our love and support to Paris #prayforparis

My heart goes out to the people of Paris and France. So many innocent people killed, fighting for their lives, traumatized Why?

they just cares about the beautiful cities rather than the people coz no body stand with Syria and Gaza like Paris.

Toronto police increase presence downtown due to Paris attacks - CBC.ca

Miami-Dade PD Advises Officers to Remain on High Alert After Paris Attacks - NBC 6 South Florida

That's makes sense! ISIS thinks Sevastopol and Stalingrad Station in Paris are more than enough to bomb the Frenchies

Paris attack is tragedy and no one is justified by killing innocent people..

#India 'Paris terror attacks copycat version of 2008 Mumbai strikes' - Zee News  #topstories

I don't agree with ANYTHING that has happened in Paris tonight, neither does the world.

sir. rahul bhatt visited Paris in recent days.. ??

Eagles Of Death Metal: Band Members Safe After Horror Hostage Situation in Paris -

Red, White and Blue: How The World Showed Solidarity With France After Paris Attacks

Authorities are asking everyone to STOP live updates of what's happening in Paris in case terrorists are keeping up with them. #ParisAttack

Yes papa paris attack is inhuman.Bless them god paa

Night of gun and bombs attacks in Paris: at least 150 people killed

Video: Raw: Police Near Paris Hostage Scene   via

Paris attacked: Police hunt accomplices after 120 killed  When will world realise Muslims = Nazis. Evil won't stop.

Thinking of the people affected by the Paris incident #PrayersForParis

lol. Most of you racist uncultured fucks who suddenly feel such affinity with Paris were probably calling em frogs and pussies 24 hours ago.

Obama: Paris said NRA memberships were popular with Muslims, and ISIS took advantage of it.

#KCA #VoteJKT48ID troyesivan: troyesivan thinking of every one in Paris right now. Stay indoors and stay safe  love you

I'm belgian and I pray for Paris. #AttaquesParis #PrayForParis

The Sunday Times advertising a travel article for Paris during the Ad's for Sky's coverage of the Paris attacks, that's unfortunate timing..

Paris Terror Attacks: Two hostage takers in the Bataclan concert hall have

These attacks in Paris right now are crazy!! #Prayers4Paris

Our thoughts  hearts are with #Paris  all those affected by the tragedy that took place last night. #ParisAttacks

A bit late but God rest all those tragically lost in the ISIS terrorist attacks in Paris yesterday evening

Again a terrifying attack in Paris.Ths shud b now taken into severe cncrn  shud take bold steps agnst terrorism #ParisAttacks

This is not just an attack on Paris but on the whole Europe. My heart and prayers goes to families in Paris.

In 48 hours terrorists hit Bagdad, Beirut  Paris. We must all unite. Don't give into fear. #ParisShootings

BEL MFA condemns the attacks in Paris and offers his condolences. Read the full press release :

the attack in paris is so devastating, it's such a stunning city my thoughts are with you #JeSuisParis

Attacks in Paris to have impact on Saturday's discussions on Syria in Vienna - Russian Foreign Ministry

i really can't think about anything else than Paris

Do you support this attack in Paris

Major tragedy across Paris. Unnecessary attacks causing devastation against humanity #PrayforParis

Is there anything we can do for Paris yet other than pray? Seems a bit inadequate somehow.

I actually love Paris so much, always wanted to live there, still do.

Obama calls Paris attacks 'outrageous' - CNN  via #hng #news

Paris attack survivor: phone 'saved me'

Woke up to the good news, Rugrats where in Paris

#parisattack..I pass my condolences to all families affected. .paris city and France in general. ..May God intervene

Calcio expresses Paris solidarity: The world of Italian football expressed its solida

Deepest sympathies to everyone in Paris after last nights dreadful events.

#BREAKING: French president blames Islamic State group for Paris attacks (AFP)

B-town shows support for Paris attack victims - The Times of India  via

Our hearts and thoughts are with the French people and everyone affected by last night's attacks in Paris.

Obama Statement on Paris Terrorist Attacks

New: The Paris attacks show an infuriating refusal by the West to learn the lessons of history -  #azright

Pakistan Prime Minister #NawazSharif offers support to bring Paris attackers to justice  #ParisAttacks

Boko haram have gone to Paris  That's how they report the news this days

Horrendous! Thinking of all those in Paris!

Our thoughts are with the survivors of the terrible bomb attacks in Paris and prayers are of those that were taken from us. A very sad day.

Some people are so ignorant tweeting dumb ass stuff. What happened in Paris was tragic

ISIS video threatens France a day after Paris bloodshed | News , World | THE DAILY STAR

Hawaii ties to Paris tragedy - Hawaii News Now #hawaii

DAY 13 OF THANKSGIVING:From the terrorist attacks and deaths in Paris and all the major cities in the world

Retweeted Taylor Swift Praying for Paris. Our hearts are breaking for and with you.

Just know that there are people who create troll accounts on social media to mock a tragedy like the Paris attacks to get attention.

Am not saying it's not sad what happened in Paris, but why is the whole world standing on it? These acts are normal routines in  Syria FFS

Breaking: Daesh behind Paris attacks: French president

If you want your wish to be fulfilled then pray for paris and Germany

I'm so sad for Paris. Gods don't want wars! So stop this shit!! #ParisAttacks

Attacks in Paris have caused panic on the streets of the French capital, a Northern Ireland academic  #UK #news

Respect for them who died in Paris.Respect them for who injured in Paris rn.Respect for them who fight for own nation. #PraysForParis

Column by on last night's Paris attacks:

I cannot believe what has happened in Paris. My heart aches for everyone affected. All my love #PrayForFrance

Condolence to people who died in Paris attack. #paris

All news outlets covering Muslim attacks on Paris. Ignore drivel!

Second fucking time this year the world is praying for Paris. Second time this year every country in the world shows their support. Thanks.

All my prayers belong to the people in Paris at the moment. These terrorists are 'monsters', and do not act on behalf of any religion.

I hope all  French stay strong as this disaster unfolds. #Pray for Paris. I as a Malaysian are with you :)

Our thoughts and prayers are with Paris and France, From all of South Africa may the terrorists around the would suffer consequences

Paris Attacks | 160 DEAD In Coordinated Attacks In PARIS | #PrayForParis

So sad to hear about what has happened in Paris last night. #Prayers4Paris

Shocking incident in Paris heart goes out to innocent people who have lost their lives

Now you might understand why people is leaving #siria #refugees #ParisAttacks #Paris

Over 150 killed as Paris rocked by Secret Service  coordinated shootings, explosions

Antoine Griezmann's sister caught up in Paris terror attacks while French star played at Stade de France

Only a fool would compare the murders in Paris to the sissified emotions of Missouri students.

What drives someone to pick up a gun or an explosive and kill innocent people? Thoughts go out to Paris  all effected! #PrayForParis

What's happened in Paris is unbelievable. My love goes to the family and friends of the victims. Rest in peace.

Please pray for the people in Paris. They need every help they can get!!! #Pray4Paris

The Paris attacks prove whatever point I have been banging on about for years. #ParisAttacks

Paris. 150 people dead. Another fire burns among the many flames of mindless tragedy. But even still, weep

Hi I am travelling to Paris from London at 12:24 today but would like to change my ticket.Your phone lines are all busy x

to every PoC  black person in Paris or near; nothing is your fault. stay safe.

My mom and dad were staying in the hotel next to the restaurant in Paris and were planning on going Wednesday instead of last week imagine:(

It's alarming to see what human nature is capable ofsending prayers to those affected by the Paris attacks.

AP -- French President Francois Hollande says Islamic State group orchestrated the worst attacks in France since World War II. #ParisAttacks

11:11 the people of paris, lebanon, beirut stay safe and unharmed

Cameron calls emergency meeting over Paris attacks  (via.reutersUK)

Paris attacks Where it happened: Over 150 people were killed in the terror attacks in Paris at multiple sites.

We are one with Paris. Hoping for peace soon. #ParisAttacks

What do you do for our brothers and sisters in Paris? #Prayers4Paris

I cant stop thinking about Paris. All those innocent people who died. I wish I could do someting to help them.

President Buhari has received with great shock  profound sadness, news of the dastardly terrorist attacks on innocent civilians in Paris.

Today we pray for the victims, their families and friends, our Brothers and the young in our schools in Paris. May their soul find peace.

Not really a day for a laugh after what happened in Paris. Have somehow to try  carry on as normal. Can't let terrorism win.# prayforparis

At least 153 people have died after terror attacks in Paris. Eight extremists are dead after the attacks, acco

Horrific events in Paris thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families #ViveLaFrance

Paris attack survivor: phone 'saved me': A man who was near the sports stadium in Paris where two de  WizzyBaby

All prayers and hopes goes out to the victims of the Paris Attack and their family members as well :( This is so saddening #PrayForParis

Not sure who's most deluded: those who believe in afterlife brothel, or those who think said belief has nothing to do with horrors in Paris.

HE PRAYED FOR PARIS ON STAGE, MY SWEET BABY

Karen Armstrong: An author needed to heal Paris

Yes i thinking about Paris and all Innocent victims in terror attack

Islamic State video threatens France a day after Paris bloodshed - Times of India

The thoughts of everyone at Liverpool Football Club are with all those affected by the tragic events in Paris. #YNWA

So, these new events in Paris and Beirut adds to the spiraling circle of enemy and fear building in populations

The worst thing that can happen to a city, happend to Paris yesterday. #prayforparis France

May clarity, peace of mind and strength clothe #Paris through the #ParisAttacks tragedy.

I am not praying for paris, but my thoughts are with them.

QNA | Terrorist Attacks in Paris Strongly Condemned

Great use of social media last night getting embassy numbers  safe places to stay out after these cowardly attacks on Paris #PrayForParis

Nightmare in Paris. These attacks will only be a victory for extremists- both right wing and Islamic. #ParisAttacks

I cannot express the sadness I feel for the victims in Paris. My heart goes out to everyone in France. #PrayForParis

Woken up and the still thinking about last nights event in Paris :( when will Isis be stopped ! The world needs to come together !

Thoughts with Paris, Lebanon, Japan, Mexico and Baghdad. It's been a terrible day and my heart is broken.

Im honestly so angry and disgusted right now. How fucking dare IS do this to the people of Paris, Baghdad and Beirut????

My thoughts are with my friends, their families and their friends in Paris. Paris je t'aime.

This weekend we will be praying for the city and people of Paris.

Please don't just pray for people in Paris, Pray for humanity.

Guys it's not just Paris, this is happening all around the world. Y'all need to realize #PrayForTheWorld

Sending love from Sydney to Paris.

#MuslimsStandWithParisThose who killed innocent Pplz in Paris r animals.

#Alibert_St #France #Islamic_State - Paris attacks: Hunt begins for possible  -

wouldn't be surprised if the Paris attacks were false flag tbh

Paris attacks reaction: Pakistan 'strongly' condemns attack  (AP #news)

it wasn't murder. Last night in Paris was murder.

Paris Attacks 'Act of War' by Islamic State Jihadists: French President

Why can't the world be as united as we are during a terrorist attack? All of my hope goes out to Paris #PrayForParis

Islam never allows to anyone to attack innocent even during war. Condemn this Brutal act. #IndiaWithFrance #ParisAttacks

Pray for Peace and to the victims in Paris/Europe.

Disneyland Paris to stay CLOSED today after night of carnage on streets of French capital

I'm in the office, and it feels very wrong to be writing about anything other than Paris.

Guys, in he height of the Paris incident, please do t forget about the earthquake in Japan, and the 40 killed in Baghdad bombing

What is the world coming to. Trying to get hold of my friend in Paris and he's not been answering. Thus world is so cruel.

yes I'm fine, I'm not in Paris My God, this is too much. I'm in tears

Seeing posts about the attacks in Paris and it irritates me when people think it's a competition over who gets it the worst! #Prayers4Paris

Attack in Paris NSFW GRAPHIC  via

#Israel 'I just want to go home to Israel': Jews living in Paris describe the difficult feelings and emo  #News

A dark day for France  a dark day for the world in the wake of the Paris killings. The big brother govts.are inept at ending this terror.

prais n Paris u don't understand Ni? If u do I dont hv plm with that.

Will always remember #paris as a romantic destination #ParisAttacks sad that we are being forced to live in fear

Although we need to help Paris, let us not forget about Japan. 18K missing/dead after an earthquake. Again, contact loved ones.#Japan #Paris

Arsenal, Man Utd and more unite in response to Paris attacks: Arsenal, Manchester United and Liverpool are amo

RIP for those that lost their lives in the atrocities in Paris yesterday

My heart hurts. Terrorist attack at a 70s metal rock concert on a Friday night. They didn't know they weren't going home #ParisAttacks

absolutley awful what's happened in Paris #PrayForParis

Paris attacks: French President says attacks committed by ISIS

Terrorist attack - Twitter Trends, illogical debates,Candles allover, EAT-SLEEP-REPEAT !!-call our self Human beings  #Quran #ParisAttacks

New post: paris terrorist attack 13 november police action  #13 #action #attack #november #paris #police #terrorist

Yes. This is beautiful. Je taime, Paris.

RT: Paris turns lights off in mourning, the world lights up in support (PHOTOS)

I understand them very well, in Turkey there are such events, please pray to Paris.

2015/12/05: Paris, France: Motown Party w/ Dj Reverend P

What separates us from animals, is our ability to share the miseries of those whom we do not know - condolences for paris victims

Strongly condemn Paris attacks may God be with people of France

I agree, Paris has had enough religion this weekend

A Free Man in Paris by Joni Mitchell. I thought it was appropriate today.  via

French TV doing good job at covering Paris attacks, but many of the so-called terrorism 'experts' are dreadful (esp Roland Jacquard)

Paris terror attack: NZ #Islamic leaders condemn attack  #ZippedNews

Can I just take a second to point out that some vegans thought the Paris bombings were okay? Some people sicken me beyond words.

BBC World News: Paris attacks were 'act of war by IS': Near-simultaneous attacks in Paris th  #BBC #World #News

so what makes Paris so special

All of our thoughts are with the people of Paris and anyone affected by last night's events. #PrayForParis

We Strongly condemn the attack on Paris!!

I know and my prayers go to you and your family and all Paris

Praying for all the souls in paris.Terror and fear won't make us weak.It's the opposite!  #ParisAttacks #freedom

It seems wrong to talk about theatre today after watching the tragedy unfold in Paris last night.

war seems to have arrived on streets of Paris truly disgusting attacking innocent people our prayers with Paris

Key links between killings in Paris and US? Young men and guns. #guncontrol needs to be taken as seriously as #waronterror.

#maryamrajavi strongly condemns Paris massacre  extends condolences 2 French Pres ppl #PrayForParis #ParisAttacks

for 12 hours, the only thing on my twitter feed was about Paris, but then woke up, now it's just dota #prayforgaben

Sad news :( Our hearts, thoughts, and prayers are with you, World especially to Paris. #PrayforParis #PrayforWorld

HI Kat, we are sorry and are in the process of updating the FAQs on our site to reflect the situation in Paris (1/2)

Are thoughts go out to all our friends in Paris #PeaceinParis

once again innocent people in Paris have been killed by terrorists, groomed  financed by Saudi, Alkhalifa tribal regimes#Bahrain

I can have a single thought without Paris entering my mind, been praying nonstop #PrayersForParis

#ParisAttacks #Paris #PrayForTheWorld THIS IS ONLY THE BEGINNING! SAVE EUROPE STOP ISLAMISATION!

Being interviewed in Dhaka for UK's Channel 4 News ahead of Paris COP

Our thoughts are with everyone affected by last night's attacks in Paris.

Showing solidarity in difficult times- Two minute silence at London event for Paris  via BBCNews

Too much family in Paris man whys this happening

Oh man just woke up to hear of the attacks in Paris. I am so sorry for all those involved. My heart goes out to you guys.

Your tweets about praying for Paris is irrelevant due to the fact you probably never even prayed

My thoughts are with the people of Paris today, innocent people who have lost their lives  their loved ones.

Syria Talks Begin in Vienna Under Pall of Paris Attacks: New round of Syria talks begin in Vienna under pall of Paris terrorist attacks

Lets pray for humanity. Lets pray for Paris attack victims. I still recall the last words of a 3 year old

Apparently, Sky have sent Kay Burley to Paris. As if the City hasn't suffered enough

#PakStandsWithFrance   Sending my thoughts to all those people in paris #PrayForParis

I still cannot believe the news tonight. Our thoughts are with the French people, particularly those in Paris.#TodosSomosParis

Paris attacks were 'cowardly act of war by ISIS barbarians' says France President Francois Hollande:  Address

#Sweden Swedish police on alert in wake of Paris attacks: Security was being stepped up in Sweden on Saturday

Sad news from France. Remain strong, Paris. Terrorism has no religion. Keep safe one and all x

The Paris attacks have nothing to do with religion or freedom, it's murdering psychopaths wanting to terrorise innocent people #Pray4Paris

i agree with you! However I think people are saying its not always exciting to make front page news (the shootings in Paris)

Muslims Around the World Speak Out Against Terrorist Attacks in Paris | TIME

A flood of love, support  solidarity with people of Paris. We are all world citizens. #ParisAttacks

Stay strong Paris. My thoughts are with you all #prayforparis #ParisAttacks

its horrible that what happened in paris is what happens everyday in the middle east

I feel so sad for the victims in Paris :( I feel feel even more sad for the hate and stupidity that will thrive from this.

Prayers and symphaty of #Kurdistan with people of #Paris  #France.We have been suffering of terrorism constantly since 2014. #ParisAttacks

Really sadden by what I saw last night but I pray Gods strength for the families and leadership in Paris. #ParisAttacks #ParisShooting

#NigerianYoot Paris terror attack: Death toll rises to 153 + Everything to know about the seige: Paris, the ca

Paris will constantly be in all of my thoughts and prayers.. Everyone please #Pray4Paris

My thoughts are with the people of Paris and the Muslims of the world.Dear white rulers, stop creating terrorism. #ParisAttacks #syrianwar

I see they have sent the Grief Ghoul to Paris. Like the French need her at the moment. For pity's sake.

As an fan its especially heartbreaking hearing the death toll from the Bataclan, thoughts with families and the rest of Paris.

U2 cancels Paris concert: Irish rock band U2's upcoming concert here has been cancelled follow

Retweeted PMO India My heart is filled with sadness due to what happened in Paris. This was an

Foreign Ministry, companies try to confirm safety of Japanese in Paris: The government and companies with a bu

Paris terrorist attacks: A statement by the Primus -

The Wall Street Journal: Paris attacks kill more than 100 in seemingly coordinat. Related Articles:

Seen some drastically bad tweets about Paris

#Vice#Character Photo by Etienne Rouillon/VICE News: Paris woke up on lockdown this mo  #CharacterLeader.com

#prayforparis #Prayers4Paris I pray for Paris victims, hope this will never happen again

OPINION: #Paris must not do what Washington did after 9/11  #ParisAttacks

Our heartfelt thoughts to the city  people of Paris after the attacks that have shocked the world #ParisAttacks

I keep getting sad when I think Katie could've been in Paris at that time

What a deeply tragic day this is for Paris, France and the whole of our world. We have a heavy heart but our

Those who couldn't understand how Israel benefited from #CharlieHebdo by getting Islam blamed for the attack, also can't now. #ParisAttacks

Horrible what happend in Paris late last night. Condolences to the family's off lost ones #prayforparis #StayStrongParis

to all the people suffering right now in paris, my friends in france who are scared. stay strong. #prayforparis

Stand tall. Stay strong Paris #PrayForParis

arguing with 50 year old men about why refugees aren't responsible for the attacks in paris and one of them just replied 'islam is a cancer'

Prayers, love and blessing to Paris and all that live there and love Paris. To all the families that have lost a

#prayforparis   thoughts are with people of Paris.  To those sick, evil, misguided individuals, you will not win.  Goodness shall prevail

Hello my name's is Evrard i coice #pray paris

Death toll in Paris shooting increases

Woke up with those horrible news from Paris. Absolutely shocked and disgusted! #Prayforparis

WHY PARIS???  WHY ANYWHERE??? WHY ANYONE??? JE SUIS PARIS??? WE ARE THE WORLD

Apologies for any offence caused by a push message sent today. This was scheduled before we knew about the tragic events in Paris.

Fans of one direction who say that the Paris attackings are taking away one directions album need a bloody good punch in the face

Thoughts are with the families and relations to all involved in the Paris attack, so unimaginable and upsetting to read.

We're shocked hearing about the attacks in Paris. Our well wishes are with you. #StayStrongParis

Retweeted David Ono With my photog Brandon at LAX headed to Paris to cover the tragic terrorist

David Cameron to chair crisis meeting after Paris terror attack -

My heart is with the people of Paris today after the tragic events of last night. The world must unite #ParisAttacks

Seems the situation in Paris will be very unclear next wk. No choice but to cancel my tour to Paris unfortunately. Hope no more terror.

2nd attack we had this year here in Paris - it is indeed frightening. Hope everything's ok on your side.

My thoughts are with my friends and victims in Paris and France!

It's so scary what happening in Paris #PrayForParis

You must have been extremely mentally touched if you think that what happened in Paris was funny - need locking

HOLLANDE BLAMES ISIS FOR ATTACKS IN PARIS AS DEATH TOLL RISES TO 127  | New York Times

actually there are no differences between massacres paris my lai and wounded knee the first by muslims other two by cristians

Can't believe what's been happening in Paris. How terrible!! #Pray4Paris

Praying for peace for Paris!! God bless them all!! #prayforparis

Hollande is one of ISIS patrons in the middle east, don't know why he's blaming them for Paris attacks.

Paris is so close it's scary

We're still with all the commotion shit of the Paris incident? c'mon man

Felling totally numb after the events of last night. Love Paris. Love The Bataclan. All very close to home. Be good to each other. Dx

Eager to hear what Noam Chomsky has to say about paris

#ParisAttacks thinking of you all in Paris and so is the whole world!

I guess friday the 13th is an unlucky day: paris, japan, i lost my keys. Fuck this day sideways :(

I cant appreciate the purpose album today im just thinking and praying for Paris. #ParisAttacks

Yep Pray for Paris but don't forget your own country need healing too.

#ElArcaDeTwitter News Media Scrambles to Cover Attacks in Paris: American media outlets rushe  #TheArkOfTwitter

Absolutely horrific and shocking scenes from Paris. Our thoughts and prayers are with those affected #PrayForParis

Sending thoughts and love to those in Paris #ParisAttack #PrayingforParis #Prayers4Paris

despite the atrocities in Paris - Our morning continues with thoughts to all involved #PrayforParis

The release of this video by U at a time when so many innocents lost their lives in Paris tdy is a true tribute to the victims.#BrokenWorld

not hating on paris but no one prayed for all these Arab countries that gets bombed literally everyday

In response to my msg in afternoon abt their standby status at paris,sibling msgd 2am reached atlanta thats when v knew the paris news

That shit that went down in Paris is ridiculous! #Whatiswrongwithpeople #Prayers4Paris xxx

Pray for ParisI also pray for the safety of my innocent Muslim acquaintances in Paris as well.

Let's pray not just for Paris, but for all the countries that are being attacked by those monsters #PrayForFrance #PeaceinParis

I hope made it home safely on his Paris bike. Made a good contribution to  to decency

What now Corbyn? (You Idiot) No Trident. No Armed Forces. We r at War, now go t Paris tell those tragic families What?

We'll tell you the newest info we know about the Paris shootings  explosions plus info abt a candlelight vigil in Chatt. Watch #GMCW at 6

Bonucci  Conte voice Euro 2016 fears after Paris attacks: The Juventus defender has called on those in charge

PM condemns Paris attacks as assault on humanity; calls for adoption of Convention on Terrorism by UN

Paris is a place for LOVE not Hatred and Blood.

so yeah let's avoid paris

well thank fuck Joe from the UK hasn't been killed in Paris

MUSLIM WAR ON EUROPE: Religious explanation claim of the Paris attacks and act of war - Islamic State declaration.

Paris shooting: Several killed and injured after 'Kalashnikov and grenade attacks' across French c

All thoughts All prayers are with Paris right now. Hope everyone is safe

Those poor darlings in Paris ! I hope them cunts get caught and left to the poor grieving families to deal with!!  #PrayForParis

This world with you PARIS.This world should do that.

ISIS claims responsibility for Paris attack.

Paris attack is shocking-  my sympathy with the victims' family - it is heinous crime

Paris Ruel is back to make this Sunday more funky roasts, cocktails, a beautiful voice, classic Sunday!

Same, I cannot understand it. This world is utterly terrifying. Thoughts with Paris #ParisAttacks #prayforparis

Our hearts reach out for Paris #PrayForParis

#PrayForParis hahhhh ? what happened to Paris . I just had been know now :(

Praying for all in Paris. We will stand united in love because God is our strength #ViveLaFrance

paris. When, islam teach is not to kill anyone and haram / considered as a big sin. There are ways to protest all this +

I have many family  friends in Paris, all of whom are safe It is utterly shocking but not surprising

I think so cause we are in paris I just don't know how far xx

My condolences to the families of the #Paris victims of multi-culturalism and islam. #ParisAttacks #WithOpenGates

omg are you ok apparantly you'ew in paris

World is cruel took a glimpse of it in paris

#attentatparis #fusillade #ParisAttacks The adjunct-mayor of Paris says DO NOT go donate blood right now.

This a joke?What's happening in Paris is way more important than a dm with nial fucking horan

trump is trying to promote his campaign by using the paris attack i don't understand how people are still supporting him

Paris under attack: The issues behind the headlines

#News Paris attacks live updates: 127 dead, 8 suspects dead, at least 6 sites targeted: What we know so far At

I condemn attacks in Paris. Paris has been blessed with peace and love. World with you Paris and against them who wants to destroy peace

There are no words to describe what happened in Paris. I am really speechless #Prayers4Paris

thanks for all your love  for Paris. love you

Big Oil Can't Go On Like This via ISIS EXISTS ON IRAQ OIL- DROP HURTS THEM: PARIS PROMISES HURT ALL OIL

The irony of people blaming refugees for yesterday's madness. It's the same type of attacks they are trying to get away from. #ParisAttacks

New post added at TUTUZ NEWS - Paris attacks: What we know so far

After Horiible Paris Attacks we are waiting for Pakistani Cricketers  You priloviding Z+ Security.

CSIS, RCMP brief Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Paris terror attacks #Canada

My thoughts today go to the people of Paris. #parisinflames

We are booked to travel from Paris to London tomorrow. Can we change our tickets and travel today?

Ignorant Muslims  Non-Muslims alike will  see d Paris attack as Islamic.

my heart goes to victims of paris attack. may there soul rest in peace #wishdinjuredquickrecovery

Paris Terror attack! Let us condemn this!: Where ever it happened, who ever did it . terrorism is a terrori

Whilst Paris is dark the world is light RIP  #PrayForParis

Mustaqbal Movement chief MP Saad Hariri condoling Hollande: The Paris attacks should increase the internationa

Makes me feel sick thinking about all these innocent people in Paris,couldn't possibly imagine what they must be going through #prayforparis

Islamic state has just claimed the attack in Paris. I can't get over this or stop watching the news, so dreadfully upsetting :(

Paris you are in our thoughts and prayers x

isis claim responsibility for the paris attack #Prayers4Paris

#ParisAttacks just talked to a friend in paris the situation is bleak panic is pervasive

43 killed in Beirut 2d ago, in Syria people are dying by the minute. A world outraged only by Paris attacks also discriminates between blood

#ParisAttacks r truly tragic,but is it only sad if 150+ people die in Paris  not if 300+ die in Karachi?This bias humanity of urs is no gud

Syria Talks Begin in Vienna Under Pall of Paris Attacks - New York Times

WATCH: Video Shows Paris Attack Victims Fleeing From the Bataclan Theater (Warning: Graphic)  Terrible, je suis Paris

Praying for Paris alone won't stop the Killings but Praying for ISIS maybe just maybe that could be what people all over should do!!

#ParisAttacks #ParisShooting isis would attack moscow guess who are interested in attacking #France and #paris

Our prayers go out to people of Paris after last night's horrendous #ParisAttacks attacks.  #Prayforparis

Islamic State says Paris attacks were a response to insults of Islam's Prophet and airstrikes in Islamic state territory

#obama said ISIS is shrinking, how stupid can you be? Did he not know the Paris attack was only a matter of time?

Everyone at the club are deeply saddened by the tragic events in Paris and our thoughts and prayers are with the French people today.

Prayers for those who lost their lives , we all should condemns these attacks on innocent peoples. #ParisAttacks

Sending love to Paris from Sydney.

prayers to Paris so bad what has happen xx

In the cold light of day, it appears 127 people were killed in last night's terrorist attacks in Paris, with another 80 seriously injured.

so you're saying that we shouldn't pray for the people at Paris? :/

My heart goes out to those innocent lives lost in Paris. but not the authorities. How many times has the Western World Done this 2 Others

You too, dear Heather. Consternated by events in Paris, south of here.

'Tonight for the first time I'm wondering if we can stay in Paris': thoughtful, painful from

In the war of perpetrators, innocent civilians are treated as cannon fodder from Middle East to Mumbai to Paris! #ParisAttacks

terrible Friday the 13th , Paris , Japan , Bieruit , and spu's too ,

yeah. but the next shock has been this attack in paris

Pray for the beautiful women in Paris too!!

French President vows to lead 'pitiless war' following Paris attacks  (RMC)

everything in Paris is so fucked up I don't want to acknowledge it

it's very obvious when someone tweets about an event like the tragedy in Paris just to get RTs it's disgusting

I am moslim and I apologize for the attacks that happened in Paris, God bless you #ParisAttacks

Man arrested with firearms in his car in German 'linked to the Paris attacks'

New post: Hear Gunfire Outside Bataclan Theatre In Paris  #bataclan #gunfire #hear #in #outside #paris #theatre

These elementary jabs at pray for Paris by Nigerians is very daft tho. Your problems can be solved Yet you choose to do nothing about it.

May your light shine brightly in this hour of darkness. Prayers for Paris

Aquino convenes security cluster in wake of Paris attacks - CNN: CNNAquino convenes security cluster in wake o

For those of us in international education, events in Paris remind us of the importance of our work. Desperately sad times.

I have the utmost respect for Islams but attacking Paris is ungodly when in fact, I see Islams as the most religious people. #PrayForParis

Paris hospitals are in need of blood donations.

I actually think some people enjoy what's going on in Paris. It gives them a political pedestal. #KnowItAlls  #KnowNothingReally

Latest update and my analysis of the attacks in Paris, in a few minutes, on FOX and Friends.

Paris Terrorist Bombings (Black Friday) - keep up to date with what is happening in Paris at

Bruh. This guy did NOT just snapchat his Pray For Paris t-shirt as his way of showing support. Lmfao

my mum has the news on watching about Paris, I can't even watch bc it makes me upset  just listening to it gives me chills

Glad to hear you're all okay! Thoughts and prayers for all in Paris! Sending love Txxxdd

How anyone could be offended by that push notification is a joke.  What has happened in Paris is horrific. Don't confuse the two #paddypower

Islamic State claims responsibility for attacks in Paris  via

I am sickened by the news and images coming out of Paris this morning. Monsters! Thoughts and prayers for all affected. #PrayersForParis

I just saw our statement about the attack in Paris on Sky Sports News - Tommo #PrayForPais

Back at the airport heading home this morning but I'm praying for everyone that was affected in Paris today!! #PrayForParis

Those who banned beef were Hindus. Accepted. Those who bombed Paris were Muslims. Accept? #ParisAttacks

Mourners lay flowers outside the restaurant in Paris:  via

Can I donate blood to Paris via How? Where?

I'm waiting for dan to give an incredible and intellectual speech about Paris and the cruelty of humankind in the liveshow

ISIS claims responsibility for multiple attacks on Paris

After Paris, this sounds like a good idea? | Syria refugee crisis: U.S. opens centres to speed vetting - CBC News

I'm not sure if the people who are posting their photos of Paris today are indulging themselves at the same time.

Invoking NATO's article 5 in case of terrorist attack directed from abroad,Paris IS act of war vs USA 9/11 precedent

italian-luxury:Step into Paris by AB Photography

DTN World News: Francois Hollande: Paris attacks were ISIL 'act of war': French President Francois Hollande de

Mogherini Calls for Unity from Syria Negotiators in Face of Paris Attacks: EU foreign policy chief Federica Mo

This is my first tweet. I sincerely hope that the people in Paris will be fine soon. #PrayforParis #ParisAttacks

#PeaceinParis I feel so sad about what happened in Paris last night that I cannot express this in words!#StopTerorism #JeSuiParis

if it's not a mass attack in Paris, it's a fucking bomb at gatwick airport. wtf is wrong with this world. #prayforparis #gatwickairportbomb

NO. Never fucking wish people experience what paris is currently experiencing. Get the heck out of here. And of course it comes from PVVers

Thinking of Paris and all those impacted (Regram

I have some comments to make on paris but i think it may be too soon

Absolutely devastating news in Paris we can all pray and hope that those effected can be helped with as much support as possible #Pray4Paris

FlashNet: France: In addition to written statements, IS just released audio statement in French on Paris attac

All our thoughts and prayers go out to those affected by the atrocities in Paris last night #PrayForParis

My thoughts are with those in Paris, I hope everyone stays safe.

BREAKING: ISIS claims responsibility for Paris Attacks  #sabcnews

To all our friends and family in Paris we hope you are strong at this tragic time. Our thoughts are with the

Just come across the Paris Terror attacks. Truly monstrous.

Last night attacks in Paris are highly condemnable. My thoughts are with the people affected. #loveamongHUMANITY #peace #ParisAttacks

BREAKING: (AP) - Islamic State group claims Paris attacks in online statement.

14/11 Paris attacks: Islamic State claims responsibility; fighters had suicide bomb belts and machine guns, targets were chosen/STAR

God bless all the families who lost a love 1due 2 the tragedy in Paris #parisisburning my prayers goes out 2all

Paris attacks:  Mobile saves Frenchman's life -

Due to #ParisAttacks #Vilnius will light up tonight in support for Paris. #PrayForParis

Still can't get how some people can think when they kill so many people. Let us pray for Paris! #PrayForParis

Liz Cheney assails Obama on Paris attacks The DICK created ALL this HATE!

80 dead in Paris and now a man caught with guns and grenades in Gatwick, this is going way too far now. I hope all in Gatwick are safe.

Two Divas are not political by any means, but just feel we would like to show support for Paris and the French

All countries need to unite and bring an end to this. Paris is a beautiful place with beautiful people!  #UniteWithFrance #ParisAttacks

During moments like this it is not just Paris we think about.  #Prayers4Paris #stayhuman

Our thoughts. Lets pray for Paris.

Rofl. What a cunt, even tho that tweet was adressing the last time Paris got attacked

People of Paris, don't worry we all are with you. Stay strong and try to stay inside your houses. All the love. #PrayForParis #ParisAttacks

Terror attack in Paris: At least five explosions were heard near the Bataclan concert hall

Thank the Lord Paris KC's are ok!!!

'Pray for Paris': Kim Kardashian, Katie Holmes and Harry Styles among celebrities sharing photos of

If something happens to Missouri would Paris keep us in prayers jus bc racism isn't in our face we should still acknowledge it #Pray4TheUS

MENA Report -  ( November 14-15 , 2015 ) PARIS ISIS ATTACK  clear banner lead for this weekend  Exclusively fe

(EN) Paris attacks were 'act of war by IS'  #berita_IN

Paris november 13th - rememer Sting on 9/11 - Dont let them win!!!

Terrorist threats and troubles in Paris, it's not stopping us heading to France and then to Brugge

Can't stop worrying about Paris. People are fighting for their lifes right now and there's nothing to do except praying  #ParisAttacks

To anyone preaching hate today with regards to the Paris attacks:Congratulations; you've become radicalised.

We must Stand together to defeat this Evil By evil people RIP To those who fell in PARIS 13/11/2015

Description Of Venues Targeted By Terrorists Attacks In Paris

Earthquake in Japan. ISIS in Lebanon. Bombings in Baghdad. Hurricane in Mexico. Terrorist attack in Paris. November 13, 2015.

I agree with the people in Paris.Pray for Paris!

DTN India: French President says Paris attacks were 'act of war'; IS owns responsibility: French President Fra

were it only true.  Which words do you suppose were not responsible for what just happened in Paris?

#JeSuiParis My thoughts are with the people of Paris. I know that will not change what happened. All I hope is that hate does not prevail.

Paris, you are in the hearts and minds of people across the globe. We stand United against terror. #ViveLaFrance

BUY MARIJUANA SEEDS: Security tight at Manchester Christmas Markets after Paris attacks:    #manchester #leeds

Assad compares Paris terror to plight of Syria: Syria denounces the deadly string of coordinated terrorist att

PARIS IS WHAT OPEN BORDERS GET YOU!!!! When Will AMERICA WAKE UP  WHEN DOES POTUS ACCEPT HE IS WRONG ON ISIS!!! IDIOT!!

Paris, everything will be fine. Just trust God.#PrayerForParis

It's just evil what's happened in Paris and across the world #prayforparis #prayforbaghdad

Running For Their Lives From Concert Attackers #ParisAttacks

Pray for Paris. Pray for your country. Pray for other countries. Pray for yourself.

#Tunisia's president #CaidEssebsi is in Paris. He flew right after the attack to meet with the French President.

shock  grief on paris firing, my deepest condolence to the families who lost their dear ones !

#PrayForParis This is what happens every day in Muslim countries  #Muslims#ParisAttacks #ParisShooting#Paris

#ParisAttacks all i want to say that paris stay strong .

Eight extremists dead, 7 from suicide bombings after Paris attacks  Not extremists. Just fully activated Muslims.

Jeremy Corbyn cancels speech in Stevenage after Paris attacks

the attacks in paris paint a grim picture of the 24/7 reality in most middle eastern countries and we have to stand up against ALL terrorism

Someone is giving Paris a taste of what we (nigerians) live thru everyday they merely adopt that shi, it's a lifestyle to us.

UPDATE (WORLD) 120 dead in Paris attacks, worst since WWII: Rescue workers gather at victims in the 10th distr

Brokenhearted for what took place in Paris yesterday. #prayforparis

Keep up to date with our full coverage of the Paris terror attacks

Such terribly sad scenes in Paris. My heart goes out to friends in the city and those hoping for news from loved ones

It's sad that has chosen to blame Obama for the Paris Attack without sensitivity to  nearly 200 Parisians who have lost their lives

. a Kuwaiti journalist shows her happiness because of Paris terrorism !

Catching up on all the news about Paris. It's sickening. Thoughts are with Paris. #Prayers4Paris

Paris. The city of lights. Darkened by fundamentalism. Parisians waking up to a shaken city but a not broken one. #JeSuiParis #Prayers4Paris

:-O Eagles of Death Metal Issue Statement on Paris Attack #Parisattacks #standforparis #Paris O:)  via

So shocked at the scenes in Paris. Prayers go out to the French

and One'd think that given the massive surveillance, such terrorist attack will not be possible. :( #ParisAttacks

Our thoughts and prayers are with the families and friends who have lost some one in Paris  #PrayForParis

TOP STORY: ISIS claims responsibility for the series of attacks in Paris, France via

I feel like we should have a day of silence, where we don't tweet about the boys. To show respect for Paris..#PrayersForParis

Chairman #PPP strongly condemned the terrorist attacks in #Paris#ParisAttacks #PakStandsWithFrance

Just seen the news. Thoughts with the people of Paris

Travel advice: Is it safe to go to Paris and what to do if you are there

Just heard about the sad events in Paris last night when I switched on the TV an hour ago. Thoughts and condolences with all affected. :'(

#ParisAttacks Sad to hear about the attacks, when will these idiots realise that violence is not the  solution it creates more problems.

My thoughts go out to Paris. So sad, brutal, unnecessary. #peaceforparis

All my problems seem so insignificant after what's happened in Paris

My thoughts are with France. What a barbaric act. Running for Paris tomorrow at #City2Sea #running4paris

The gruesome,  barbaric  heinous acts of Paris massacre dwarf many events in Afghanistan. Very sad.

Good Morning! #Goodnews in Paris! Humanity wins! Warm read!

I just remembered that my teacher is from paris

Media says there is resemblance in the modus opeandi of Paris attacks of 13/11 and Mumbai attacks of 26/11.who knows 2/3

#TyoNews Paris attacks were 'act of war by IS': submitted by  DC-3  [link] [132 comments]  #News

Wish Lebanon would turn on the lights for Paris but we're also having the same prob #PrayForLebanon

ISIS sympathizer President Bashar al-Assad says Paris attacks were a result of French policy in Syria : Agence France-Presse

So many people looking for someone they love since yesterday in Paris. My heart is bleeding #ParisAttacks

TELEVISION $ Paris Attacks: ISIS Claims Responsibility

And would I be wrong to say that the attack on Paris was a plot well-planned so that Europe would have a reason to close it's borders.

Latest : After Paris attacks, security stepped up in Delhi and Mumbai - Hindustan Times: Hindustan  #IndianNews

Quite frankly it is too late to pray for Paris. It has happened. We should have prayed for Paris two months ago.

Shana, Take care. My pray goes to you and everyone in Paris right now. 3

Putin's personal envoy Sergei Markov using #ParisAttacks to justify renewed attacks against Ukrainian defences in Donbas today! #disgusting

Australia Lights Up In Support Of Paris After Deadly Attacks:  this is beautiful

if Barry had been in Paris he could've kicked the terrorist's asses and saved so many people

People are attack and killed worldwide day-in day-out, what make Paris attack so special? Humans lives are all valuable!

The tragic events in Paris last night are the result of the free reign of terror Cameron, Hollande, Merkel and Obama have allowed ISIS

My thoughts are going out to everyone in Paris. Please stay safe everyone #PrayersForParis

Just passed through #Paris CDG airport. Mood sombre  shocked at senseless criminal murder of innocent people #ParisAttacks

shocked because of  what happened in Paris,now it time to support french people. Lot of encouragement #PrayForParis

#PrayforParis My thoughts are with those killed and injured last night in Paris. Nothing justifies these cowardly attacks

Sky have sent her to Paris. Now I'm praying for them.

whereshogwarts:  all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight.

Paris et la France have to stay safe, but also open. #PrayersForParis #ParisAttacks #solidaritywithparis

Still reeling at the horrors I've read about in Paris. All my sympathies go to those affected.

Praying for all those lost in Paris, and those who are suffering! Such shocking news. #PrayForParis

Not to downplay Paris, but still shocked that ISIS bomb which killed 43 in Beirut on Thurs has received 0 coverage.

Paris attacks horrible. Refugees asylum-seekers have nothing to do with them, have often experienced the same at home #refugeeswelcome

I'm not even in Paris but I'm scared and thank you

Global warWhile we are mourning Paris horror we should not forget Beirut also the target or a deadly, cruel

Paris Under attack, many killed see here==

Thoughts and prayers are with all the innocent people who have been killed  injured in Paris. When is all of this going to stop?

More: ISIS claims Paris attacks in an online statement

Shocking how children in need didn't mention the Paris attacks until hours after they happened !!

#ParisAttacks sad what hppened in paris. not every muslim is terrorist and not every christian is innocent so stop it relating it to islam

Feel awful today going off to work in the entertainment business, but carrying on is the only appropriate fight to make. Paris, I love you.

at least I'm praying 4 paris but non of u prayed 4 bahgdad,  kurdistan or lebanon

Paris: Such a tragedy our hearts go out to everyone in the city of light

just cannot fathom what's happening in paris

#Paris No final confirmations yet but so far terror toll is: 128 are dead, 99 critically injured say Paris prosecutors

My heart goes out to Paris. Reading about everything It's horrible and scary. Be safe, please!

why do people think im lying, do you really think i would make up something as awful as this especially after the attacks in paris ??

Our thoughts  prayers go to victims  family of Paris tragedy.#PrayForParis

I love me some abomination and perversion and Paris and probably forever will be one of the most beautiful places.

Hollywood Reporter | Paris Attacks: Two Arthouse Cinemas Won't Open Saturday, Festival Cancels Vanessa R  #Film

#ENGvFRA Paris Attacks: Two Arthouse Cinemas Won't Open Saturday, Festival Cancels Vane

We shouldn't just pray for Paris, we should pray for the world #TerrorismHasNoReligion #ParisAttacks

MEERKAT: MeerkatsNow: ReignsFan850: |LIVE NOW| Paris Terrorist Attack Update! #meerkat  November 14, 2015 at 04:33AM

Vigil to be held in George Square this afternoon following the attacks in Paris.

String of Paris terrorist attacks leaves over 120 dead (Washington Post)  (0342 GMT)

Islamic State video threatens France a day after Paris bloodshed: ISIS has released a video on Saturday threatening to attack France

Islamic State group claims Paris attacks  via InquirerNET

The news out of Paris is shocking and saddening. Thoughts are with those affected.

My thoughts and prayers go out to Paris.  United we are! God bless! #ParisAttacks #Humanity

Francois Hollande: Paris attacks were ISIL 'act of war'  via the we

#world Paris attacks: Isis claims responsibility: State of emergency declared and military deployed after one

What happened in Paris is terrible. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims, their families  everybody affected. #ParisAttacks 1/2

RIP everyone in who's died at the scenes in Paris. Truly disgraceful

We shouldn't be hearing stories like this again. We should embrace peace and harmony not violence#Pray for Paris

People die everyday yet they prey solely for paris #whereisyourgod

Paris attacks: State of emergency declared after gun and bomb attacks leave many dead - BBC News  #Parisattacks

On FI543 Paris to KEF. Airport is a mess might miss my flight. What do I do?

Across #Paris flowers and candles. ppl try to understand what happened and why #ParisAttack

Like the majority of people our thoughts and prayers are with the innocent victims of the Paris outrages.  Vince and Anne in Spain

ive made joke about isis and terrorism but now i  regret it cuz that attack that just happend at paris is so edgy #prayforparis

UEFA to hold minute's silence before games for Paris attacks

We express our sympathy for victims of Paris attacks and we do hope that complexity science gets better and better at preventing terrorism!

The safety check is exclusively for those people who lives in Paris. Mao ni run maki uso dayun ning mga Peenois

its sad, that there is this battle between people who want to recognise paris attacks, and those who want to recognise islamophobia. wb both

Don't understand how liberals and co can vote against mobile/internet monitoring? Paris incident could've potentially been prevented..

Newspaper entrance pages seize horror and carnage of Paris terror assaults

Seoul, South Korea now. It might not be compared what happened in Paris,  but it's equally dreadful

Paris is such a beautiful city, one of the best I've visited. Its just horrendous what's happened. I'm lost for words, I really am

Ram Jam sends out condolences to the people and their families that were affected by the Paris attacks.

PARIS. My rejections and vows2I REJECT hatred and violence as a solution to anything, I NOURISH kindness in and around myself

Bullet holes at Bar Le Carillon Hotel in Paris. Picture:

meerkasts:  |LIVE NOW| Paris Terrorist Attack Update! #meerkat  November 14, 2015 at 04:36AM

Vienna #SyriaTalks began again today with 16 Middle Eastern  Western nations. A silence was held for the victims of Paris, Beirut  Baghdad

So sad to hear everything that's going on in Paris #prayforparis #ParisAttacks All the love. Xx

ISA PA. IT'S NOT JUST PARIS HAVING ISSUES, OK??????

I can't believe how people can do something like thatmy payers today go to Paris #prayforparis

Disney Land Paris closed for the first time today.Its been open everyday since 1992 #ParisAttacks

my name is France . i'm prayin for Paris

Refugee crisis, welfare cuts, climate summit and Paris attacks: just some of the issues we respond to #GfdSynod

The scenes in Paris are horrendous.  It is a scary world we are now living in.

Paris Attacks: New York Lights World Trade Centre Red, White and Blue

i have a feeling everyone will be on edge when out tonight. be safe people and thoughts with all in Paris/France

One Swede reported dead in Paris attacks

#ParisAttacks in areas full of CCTV cameras. Will full footage be released or suppressed like #911 pentagon or 7/7 attacks?

Just the most terrible evening in Paris last night. I am sure it can and will recover and I feel awful for those who have lost people.

(Tweets) Football world gets behind Paris after awful terrorist attacks: The sporting world un  ff

euronews: Paris attacks: what happened when

The silent war has begun, waiting for the next move to open this thing up, the refugee movent from Paris will begin.

Horrific events in Paris! We stand united with France  the people of #France | our hearts go to the families  #ParisAttacks

#Tiffany Ebony Companion NOW available in Paris! Contact : 00447452034752 / 0041797306237

Thoughts are with those involved in the horrendous events taken place in Paris!  #prayers4paris #PorteOuverte

Corbyn, despite sounding like an archbishop instead of a world leader, has for once not caused offence today re Paris.

After the events in Paris, seeing the friendship messages between Americans and French, I asked myself a question ..

Integration of muslim people was not the cause of Paris attacks.

One by one all my far flung chickens are touching base. So far nobody anywhere near Paris.

Such a sad time to live in this world. There are no excuses for what happened in Paris last night. #PrayForParis

Paris and then gatwick. It's no longer a terror threat, it's real

Shocking footage of the Bataclan attack emerges - Yahoo UK Yikes

Gunmen Attack Paris, Kill 128, Injure 180 Others: At least 128 people were killed in the Paris attack  #TopNews

Manchester United and Man City players offer sympathies after Paris attacks: Manchester City's Bacary Sa  #mcfc

Yet again theres hundreds of scumbags on my Facebook marking themselves as 'safe in Paris'. Do you think it's funny? Bcos I think ur a cunt.

It's hard to believe there is so much evil in this world. Stay strong Paris. #Prayers4Paris

People who believe that nonsense are the reason Paris happened, and other cities will happen, too.

My prayers and thoughts for all the victims of terror attack in Paris #PrayersForParis

You can kill everyone of us, one by one, but Paris sera toujours Paris.

Changing your Facebook cover photo to Paris doesn't do shit. Its just a obnoxious reminder to your friends that you still exist.

Stop tweeting pray for paris if you're really not praying dickhead.

So all the countries are ready to help paris. but no ones ready to helpl Syria #PrayforSyra

It's very very sad to heard Paris tragedy news today. Everyone must showed their condolences and gave lillte pray! #PrayForParis

President Buhari has expressed shock over the news of yesterday's attack on innocent civilians in Paris by ISIS terrorists

I hate seeing people using the Paris attacks to back up their racist views. We should be thinking about the victims, not spreading hate.

Attacks in Paris kill at least 128, over 200 injured #Paris #Terrorism #Europe #Security #USA

Seeing all these Paris threats are just heartbreaking. It makes me ask what kind of world do I live in?

Someone just cycled to the Bataclan in Paris to play 'Imagine' on the piano

I feel for every family that lost someone in Paris yesterday I really do. What I don't understand is how the

NYTimes: Three Teams of Coordinated Attackers Carried Out Assault on Paris, Officials Say; Hollande Blames ISIS

Paris prosecutor on terror attacks:- 129 dead- 352 injured in Paris terror attacks; 99 critically- 7 attackers killed

Terror in Paris: How France's night of horror unfolded. #ParisAttacks

UPDATE: American killed in Paris attacks ID'd as California college student

Complete silence in the Arena to show our feelings to Paris before the game. #France

Oh snap.  French ambassador just laid the smack down on #Paris

For the first time ever not really in the mood for are still with Paris. Anyway good luck #TeamCherylGroups #TeamLouisa

Merci ! I'm incredibly touched to see my company showing support for the people of Paris. #PeaceforParis

Paris attacks: Events through the day  | Livemint | #NewsInTweets  #NewsInTweets

The SLPD joins the rest of our country in extending our thoughts and prayers for the people of Paris and the

Thank God!  Paris Attacks: Suicide bomber tried to enter stadium, but was blocked  via

Parisians donating blood en mass in terror attacks aftermath  #ParisAttacks

#NHL teams increase security at arenas following Paris attacks.

One student killed in Paris shootings was from California.

My mind and heart are heavy with sadness for Paris today. It's weighing me down, just hearing of the pain and anguish. #prayforparis

asks for moment of silence for Paris victims #prayforparis

I have no words anymore..what happened in Paris is far beyond evil.We are in 2015! be civilized! Live healthy! Love to France #ParisAttacks

hey oppression isn't a contest. shame on you for using the Paris tragedy to try to silence #Mizzou students

Let us stand with #Paris, America's oldest ally. #prayforparis

Someone fill me in on the whole paris situation lol

It's #porteouverte for anyone in Paris at the moment. Stay safe!

With all the prayers used up on Paris. Bisbee Pumas should have a chance against Joy Christian Acadamy.#goPumas

Please Pray for Paris, our humble request to everyone seeing our Pinboard, its not all about fashion

Deadly Paris attacks reveal 'next stage of ISIS': Experts

This is how packed the Paris concert venue was right before the terror attack

Statement: California State University-Long Beach on death of student Nohemi Gonzalez in Paris attack -

NO PEACE: FRANCE HAS HAD CONSISTENT ISLAMIC ATTACKS SINCE JANUARY#ParisAttack

Paris Attacks: Will David Cameron raise the UK terror threat security level?  #cameron

After #Paris attacks, Artist shares message of peace

Paris you are in thoughts and prayers #paris #prayforparis #pray Tower Paris

This protest will continue to keep Dr. Phil out of Paris until this story dies off.

Paris attacks: how US presidential candidates are responding

Terror in Paris: What we know so far

Breaking: French official says 129 people dead, 352 injured in Paris attacks

ISBPL: #NEWS 'Death toll in Paris attacks hits 129; 352 hurt': Paris prosecutor Francois Molins said 99 of the

Feeling so heartbroken for Paris. My heart goes out to everyone there xxxxx

Lassana Diarra Confirms His Cousin Was a Victim of Paris Terror Attacks

are u guys still going to do your Paris show?

Paris and Beirut in Shock and Anger After Massive Terrorist Attacks

PEcom_news: FRANCE: Former P-E photographer gives first hand account from Paris

New: American college student killed in Paris attacks

Death toll in Paris attacks rises to 129; at least 250 wounded

So nice that the white house can be lit up like a rainbow for gay people but not lit up at all for the 100+ victims in Paris#Pray4Paris

No Pogrom, what happened in Paris had no relation to peaceful law abiding Muslim British residents. They're scared  shocked as well.

Events like Paris increase my pessimistic view on society

what the hell did the entire CNN reporting staff load up  go to Paris to view the Carnage that's morbid guys you no that right

LA Woman Undergoing Surgery in Paris Was Wounded in Attack  via

We stand by you Paris! God bless our troops, our Nation and Allies.(Although the graphics and photos are my

Paris attacks put national security on center stage in tonight's presidential debate

#CNN Why aren't you talking about the IS attack in Beirut, too? It's all part of the same problem. Paris is horrible. So is Beirut.

Are you making a joke of Paris? Terrible human you are!

Don't bother with facts. America loses more people to Gun violence weekly than the Paris attacks, sad as they are.

Yes #prayforparis but what about all other countries?What about ALL the cities affected last night. Humanity needs a prayer.Not only Paris.

NY is Paris  Square Park - in New York, NY)

These Racist Responses To Paris Attacks Will Make You Ashamed To Be An American (IMAGES)

The Paris attack just showcased what the Asylum seekers were running away from. I mean that's if they're logical

If you are currently in #paris the most sensible advice appears to be: get indoors  stay there. Gunmen at large.

BBC News - Three teams of attackers involved in the Paris attacks, 129 people have been killed and 350 injured

Man arrested in Belgium in raids linked to the Paris attacks

It's awful what has happened in Paris but we should also pray for Japan, Mexico, Baghdad and Beirut. They had their loss too #prayforparis

i wish the crazed angry misguided deluded angry young men who killed in Paris yesterday could have learned perspective from Starman

IT IS AMAZING. EVEN YOUTUBE IS SUPPORTING PARIS. LOOK AT THE RED AROUND THE WORDS. BLUE WHITE AND RED.

How are y'all mad that ppl are praying for Paris  why do you care?

WATCH | Paris attacks: Thousands sing national anthem during stadium evacuation

National anthem keeps up spirit at Paris stadium during attacks  via

VIDEO: Pianist Plays 'Imagine' for Crowd Outside Bataclan the Morning After Paris Attacks  Leave Over 128 Dead

Jean Jullien Is Artist Behind Viral Peace for Paris Symbol Circulating the Internet After Deadly Attacks

From our local bishops. An encouragement to pray for Paris, but also to work hard for unity.

RT: :The Paris attackers were all armed with heavy weaponry and suicide vests, Paris prosecutor said

REMINDER: fireworks cancelled as mark of respect to Paris victims. #LMS800 Pls RT.

Think Jason Manford nailed it on Facebook about the Paris attacks

All this solidarity is bound to force the next attackers to think again about their murderous plans #Paris

Hollande: Terror attacks in Paris were 'act of war' by ISIS militants

I have only just read about the problems in Paris. #PrayforParis Please show support via the hashtag above and #Prayers4Paris thank you.

#prayforparis the terror in Paris brung people to tears but we have to be stron and pray for the people in Paris

Nohemi Gonzalez first American identified killed in Paris attacks.Nohemi was a design student studying in Paris. RIP

considering one of my best friends lives in Paris, I'm doing alright.

As a result of the attacks in Paris, the NFL will have an increased security  police presence at all games tomorrow

I hope your friends in Paris are okay.#prayforparis #Prayers4Paris

To those attacking people about focusing on France and not other places in the worldSTOP. Now is not the time! #ParisAttacks

Somali President: Paris attacks a travesty against Islam and humanity

Guys, you changing your Facebook DP is definitely not the kinda support that Paris needs right now.

Paris - May be threatened, but it's still beautiful. #paris #EgaliteFraterniteLiberte

Suddenly Spock's words seem all too prophetic. #artslab #paris

Let us pray for our dear brothers and sisters in Paris.

Terrible events in Paris. These are dark days for the human race. What do these people want? #PrayForWorld  #Pray4Humanity

I consider France my second home. My love for the French culture, way of life and people is immense. My heart aches. Je t'aime, Paris.

V Paris Attacks Suggest Shift in Daesh Strategy as It Directly Targets the West  r

BBC Sports: Fixtures off after Paris attacks

#PrayForPeace. For Paris, for Lebanon, for Iraq, for Nigeriaheck, for the world in general.

Selfish little bastards-#Mizzou Activists Complain About Paris Stealing the Spotlight

Paris Prosecutor: Attacks Were Coordinated by 3 Terror Cells  #news

The first American death identified in the Paris tragedy is from the city I've called home most of my life, El Monte CA..RIP Nohemi Gonzalez

Stand with Paris. Readers call for to take field with French flag tonight.#LouisianaEstFrancais Please RT

I can't believe what's happening in Paris hope things get better for you guys #prayforparis

Global cities stand in solidarity with Paris: Landmarks around the world lit up in the French flag colors  #LVN

You can now add a Facebook profile filter to show solidarity with Paris

Paris. Beirut. Iraq. Syria. Yemen. Horrific attacks. Love to people in all  #ParisAttacks

#PrayForWorld Paris terror attack: Syrian passport found on attacker was used to seek asylum in Greece as one Briton confirmed dead

Our hearts go out to everyone in Paris. Paix pour Paris #peaceforparis #paixpourparis France

via Cards cancelled after Paris attacks to be rescheduled  #Racing

College student Nohemi Gonzalez among dead in Paris attacks: Gonzalez, 20, was spending the semester abroad wh

Pianist performs John Lennon's Imagine after Paris attacks

One of terrorists in Paris attacks ID'd as 30-year-old French national from Paris suburb, prosecutor says. (SOURCE:CNN)

Paris prosecutor: 89 victims died in concert hall attack alone --

Verratti 'not afraid' to return to Paris Saint-Germain: The midfielder is willing to continue playing   #TSCEnt

Huckabee calls for revoking Iran nuclear deal in response to IS attack in Paris

The events in Paris were horrificbut probably not the lastthere are much softer targetsand European security has been exposed

suspends #EiffelTower #climate event after Paris attacks  via

Local Community College Students Safe After Terror Attack in Paris #Sacramento

It really gets under my skin to have humans say we care more about what happened in Paris than the racial issues in America. #randomthought

From Donald Trump To Katy Perry, Celebs Tweet About Paris Attacks: And as with any national tragedy, celebriti

Fb are like chance ur picture to support France  people of paris, france 9ja own worst pass boko haram

Well hollande says the france will be merciless in its response to,what,happened un Paris I just hope he means it.

We normally steer clear of world politics on the page but if nothing else, last nights tragedy in Paris is a sore

I think what occurred in Paris may b impacting airlines as well? I never know

A member of the 5SOS fam was killed from the Paris attacks. I hope the best for her family :( #RIPLexi

Yes, I did: Paris has its bad parts like any city but I still enjoyed going to the good parts.

#Prayers4Paris  were in this together guys!!!!! you got this Paris

My heart goes out for the victimise and their family who have been attacked yesterday in #Paris

Death toll in Paris rises to 129, one American student killed:

Paris hit by 'three teams of attackers' via /r/worldnews

7pm update: 129 dead, 352 injured including 99 in a critical condition. Seven attackers dead (Source: Paris prosecutor)

NBA players express sympathy and shock over Paris' terrorist tragedy:

Cal State-Long Beach Student Is Among Dead in Paris Terror Attacks  via

Whoever is saying fuck Paris pray for Milwaukee is ignorant.They got a TERRORIST attack while in Milwaukee y'all out here killin y'all own.

Today we all lost a family member in the Paris attack, and I'm sending all my love to her family and the whole Paris for today. #RIPLexi

Islamic State on Saturday claimed responsibility for the dreadful attacks in Paris. #WTF #RIPFrenchJanoskianators

Haven't been able to get the tragic events of what is happening in Paris out of my head #prayersforParis #PrayersForTheWorld

Military generals speak out against obama. #arrestobama before we become the next Paris.

Parents await safe return of children #Paris #UK

Join with us in prayer! Church MLK Paris

BBC News - Paris attacks: World shows support  some stunning photos.

Jamaican woman escapes injuries in Paris terrorist attacks: A Jamaican woman is among the hundreds of persons

DTN Pakistan: Paris attacks: Pakistanis show their support with French flag profile pictures: LAHORE Like othe

I'll be hosting a special live show tomorrow at 10 am ET, airing worldwide on CNN, looking at latest news and developments on Paris attacks

But it's good to see us all considering it all now after the attack in Paris occurred

Am sory for #paris bt thnk of all tha Palestine and Syria whu are killed every second #freeplastine

Regressive MindsetAttack Assad: NeoconMuslims attacked Paris: RacistCriticize Islam: BigotBlame U.S.A: Hero

'Wow. You Just Lost a Fan': Read the 'Naive' Tweet About Paris Terrorist Attack  via

Praying for all my friends in France tonight. These attacks in #Paris are devastating. Lord bring your healing.

I pray for Paris but I also do not forget about Palestine and Lebanon and the lack of prayers and attention reaching them

My thoughts are with Paris, and everywhere else in the world experiencing tragedy.

Latest on the Paris terror attacks here:

WSJ: Photos: Tributes around the world to victims of the Paris attacks.

#Paris Attacks: #Suicide #bomber tried to enter #stadium, but was blocked  via

Paris attacks: Cardale Jones, Army show support for France - College Football -

We won't begin the healing process by invading the middle-east or heightening Islamaphobia. #Paris

I actually cried for a long time bc of Paris #Prayers4Paris #prayforparis

just bc people talk about something other than paris doesn't mean they don't still feel terrible about it. normal life cannot just stop

Football News : Paris terror attacks: former Premier League footballer Lassana Diarra reveals his cousin was k

let's also pray for Beirut Lebanon who a day before Paris was also attacked.

Facebook's new profile picture filter lets users show their support for Paris

Qurtier latin, Coeur 2 paris videLatin Quarter, center of Paris Completly empty a saruday night #parisattacks

After Paris, Europe may never feel as free again | Nick Cohen

if you still support trump after his lack of compassion in using the Paris attack to support his campaign then you need to stop

Paris Terror Attacks Pressure U.S. 'Patience' Strategy for Islamic State  via #TopTrends

It's Official!PARIS TERRORIST  'SYRIAN REFUGEE'

I thought Paris chaos 20 years ago - the paralyzing '95 strikes - was bad. That was baby stuff. It was.I gave birth.

So sad and disgusting of all the innocent lives lost in Paris and in the world today but it's the world we live in. Just pray for the best.

Stop praying for Paris. Stop Praying. Just stop with religion. #ParisAttacks

EU to hold moment of silence Monday in honor of Paris attack victims

Our thoughts are with everyone who has been affected by last night's Paris attack Fixed it for you!

Strong words from PM Israel on Terror Attack #cdnpoli

so thankful he's in Paris for global warming conference. We can feel safe now #globalwarming

The blood of Paris Dead are on Obama's hands #ISIS

Sometimes I hate myself for being so sensitive. Saw some comments on fb regarding Paris incident and now can't study :/

The Paris attack and the remarkable smallness of our politics

Survivor: Cell phone saved me: A Paris terror attack survivor says his cell phone blocked shrapnel   #CNN World

Share Use Facebook To Say You're 'Safe' During Events Like Paris Attacks  #SmartNews

France attacks: Sport pays tribute to Paris victims - BBC Sport

They called an active war in Paris Actually scared for my life

just this situation with Paris.. i can't stop thinking about all the people

RSS: Paris attacks expected to intensify calls for Obama at G-20 summit to find stop to Islamic State

129 dead in Paris on 13th November 2015 (May their souls rest in peace) and the whole world prays for them.. Only Their Lives Matter ?

What we know about the #Paris attackers   #ParisAttacks

Our hearts go out to those who lost loved ones and to the victims themselves in the Paris terrorist attack.

#prayforparis Parisian eventsso horribleI wish I had something more than prayers for Paris.

Facebook made our profile the color of the Paris flag

Muy interesante: What does the Paris attack tell us about ISIS and will the United States be next?  via

The First American Was Just Identified Among the Victims Of the Brutal Terrorist Attacks in Paris

All the cars on the app have the French flag on them. #Paris

So #Paris suicide bomber tried to enter stadium to trigger mayhem but was blocked..

agree. Thought game was Paris firstly! locality wise wouldn't have been wise, but game is Wembley..

I HAVE ABOUT HAD IT WITH ALL OF THE IGNORANT COMMENTS BEING MADE ABOUT THE TRAGEDTY IN PARIS LAST NIGHT. DO YOU

Help by making a difference and making that change to help not just Paris, but also the other countries affected by terrorism.

#Paris Congress has largely sat on the sidelines in the fight against ISIS:

Paris Attack: Tb Joshua Claims He Predicted The Attack And Warned Them [ Video ]

Paris killer was a Syrian refugee who had passed through Greece  Syrian gunmen passed though Greece in October

No need to repeat GOP's infantile responses to Paris attacks. Makes the rest of America seem equally unhinged

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the people of Paris X  #ParisAttacks #Prayers4Paris

Horrifying Video Shows the Moment the Bataclan Was Attacked, as People Desperately Try to Escape

Civil War - Guns N' Roses Live in Paris 92'

Everyone saying (in regards to Paris) that we'll be next: please don't talk it up.

Not a word from you guys about Paris?!? Show some heart

I'm more worried for Erdoganists do the terror attack just to put the blame on #kurds. as before!

Crybabies Complain About Paris Stealing the Spotlight  via

A terrible sadness in the world after yesterday. We cannot let fear blind us from beauty, from compassion, from love. Also, fuck ISIS #paris

#ParisAttacks  Isis attacked France and everyone is against it -I Love France 3

Reports: Syrian passport discovered on Paris attacker | Fox News Video

The thing about the situation in Paris being safer if people had guns is bogus.

Dear Paris, #NousSommesUnis - love New York (via Washington Square this PM)

Portugal is also showing love and support to the victims in Paris.

Woke up to a sad day (Paris), turned into a happy day #dbrockabilly2015. Life is just so extreme.

Friends of #United we #Stand with #Paris! World Trade Center~NY #Stands in #Solidarity!

How the mobile phone of a man saved his life during the Paris attack

Paris terror attacks: live updates from the prosecutor's office press conference

Here's How To Change Your Facebook Photo To Show Support For The Paris Shooting Victims

Terror in Paris: A Look at the Six Sites Targeted By ISIS |

Israel 24/7 is NOT like New York 9/11 nor Paris 13/11. That doesn't happen daily. And what happened 24/July 2014 was Beit Hanoun massacre

I watch as people who embrace homosexuality, preach that there's no hell and don't repent of sin post: let's pray for Paris. Pray to who?

Paris attacks: 3 teams launched assaults, prosecutor says

#NohemiGonzalez American student studying abroad, killed in Paris attacks.

Not only does Trudeau wait for Butts to tell him what to say about Paris attacks, so do the Media Party Liberal-shills

#Jamaica Gleaner: Jamaican woman escapes injuries in Paris terrorist attacks

Please stop Syrian refugee flow to the U.S. Obama Admin is putting our country at risk.  Paris Attack last night is wake up call

#USAfricaBF Points: Suicide bombers in Paris attacks tried to enter Stade de France

I make no apologies for that statement I believe the invasion in Paris was an act of unprovoked terrorism. Also I'm praying

My thoughts and prayers are with all those affected by the atrocities in Paris last night.

Chris and The world turns Blue, White and Red #Paris

American college student among victims in Paris

We send our love and respect to anyone who has been lost or hurt in the Paris attacks #PreyforParis

Our hearts, minds and prayers are with Paris  France - Stay safe everyone

A must read for those who are painful about Paris but ignoring brutal killings in Beirut.

I sat down and read some of the recounts and bios of those in Paris when the attacks happened, and those who died. Can't help but tear up.

France midfielder Diarra confirms cousin a victim of Paris attacks  via todayng

i don't know you but i just wanted to say that i'm so sorry for your school's loss in paris. i hope youre well and good luck!

be strong parisienne people  we are avec you pict.in place de la republique Paris after massacre by ISIS amos  2015

I wouldn't put it pass Republicans to exploit Paris' attack for their own selfish gain or even to haves played a role to force the vote

Warwick year-abroad students in Paris are thought to be safe:

BBC - Paris attacks: What we know: A timeline of the unprecedented attacks at multiple sites in the French cap

Really? A diabetes tweet from our senior senator after what happened in Paris

And support to all the victims and their families in Paris. We don't deserve any of this. #PrayForWorld #PrayForPeaceAndHumanity

Did the Paris attacks have something to do with a religion? Yes. Are all Muslims terrorists? No. Are all terrorists Muslims? No. Period.

That terrorist attack in Paris was horrible, but could we go back and focus on those red Starbuck cups or is it too soon?

Everybody give their love to Paris as there are tragic events currently happening! #PrayForParis

Ah can't stop thinking about paris #prayforparis

Your Wars, Our Dead: We translate and retransmit this brief declaration from Kedistan (Paris), :

NFL teams  could support France with the peace for Paris on jersey or whatever for the next sunday matchs for French people

The Telegraph - Paris attacks: candlelight vigils held across the world for victims of French massacre

pray for better world not just Paris or israel

We had a plane crash yes. People died yes. But God exists for us too. Yes, Paris is in a very bad condition now, but so is Egypt.

WELP Paris terrorist was a Syrian refugee, says Greek government official

they are not contained, proof please, bet Paris disagrees with you

Rand Paul Uses Paris Attacks to Criticize Marco Rubio

FBI Offices Told to Boost Surveillance in Wake of Paris Attacks

Chronology / BBC News - Paris attacks: What we know

I get that if you've been to Paris this would feel peculiar but still.

Two men linked to Paris attacks registered as migrants in Greece: police  via

Montreal student from Paris reacts to attack

#Paris Holder of Syrian passport found near Paris gunman passed through Greece  via

Less than 24 hours for FOX News to blame the Paris attacks on President Obama. No, seriously.

2night our sympathys goes to every1 involved in the Paris attacks and the families We #Pray4paris as well as 4 #peacendjustice #dontletemwin

University of Leeds confirms 49 students on a trip to Paris are safe.

Retweeted The Express Tribune Syrian passport at Paris attack scene belonged to asylum seeker:

If the HORRENDOUS EVENTS in Paris last night don't unite the WORLD against Isis, nothing ever will.DEATH TO ISIS!

Vigil in solidarity with #Paris and #Beirut at Church of Nativity in Bethlehem, #Palestine

Found this in an antique shop in Purcell, #Oklahoma. Carries a lot of weight on this day. #Paris

Here Is The Man That Was Save From Death In Paris Attack By A #Samsung Phone

Genuinely wish I could go down to Paris to volunteer Or do something

Tomorrow's front page for The - 'We join Paris, defiant in the face of an appalling massacre'

#Paris Bloodshed May Be the Latest of Many Terror Attacks Around the #World /

American College Student Identified as Victim in Paris Massacre:  #ParisAttacks RIP

be aware it's not only paris that needs prayers

Multiple arrests made in connection to Paris terrorist attack  #UTBreakingNews

#Paris It's always noted in the aftermath of these sort of attacks that most Muslims don't support terrorism. Undoubtedly this is true

ISIS Claims Responsibility For Paris Attacks, Calls Them 'First Of The Storm'

The Man Claims That His Phone, Which He Pieces The Fragments Of The Terrorist Attacks In Paris: The man says t

Loving the solidarity for our French friends from the rest of the world The terrorists make us stronger they won't win #parisattack #Paris

We will be praying for Paris 2morow 'Darkness can never extinguish the light' Jhn1v5 #prayforparis

ISIS is a pussy like someone I knowRIP Paris and Beirut

From Paris.. With love. Shits been real, ya'll act like ya'll aint know.

#ModiMinistry Paris attacks: By blaming Islam or Muslims, we're letting the terrorists win - Daily News  Analysis

Rob Lowe Sparked A Backlash After He Mocked The Paris Terrorist Attacks On Twitter

Paris Attack November 2015: Question Everything

#UPDATE: Student at Long Beach identified as 23-year-old Nohemi Gonzalez, killed in #Paris terror attacks.

#Paris terror attacks 'carried out by three coordinated teams of gunmen' #jobs #500K #: #Public prosecutor say

If you're in Security at any level and are shocked at the scale of attacks in ParisYOU'RE IN THE WRONG JOB!#ParisAttacks

why we stand for Paris?people of Paris made cartoons of our beloved Messenger Muhammad SAW any reason?

We pray for the families of those lost in Paris #prayforparis

Newswire: Media responds to Paris attacks with more cancellations, messages of support

With the bombings in Paris,Beirut, and everywhere else in the world on this day this is appropriate

Peace for Paris - a Zen-like illustration of solidarity #france #paris #parisattacks

And just like that, Twitter stops paying attention to Paris.

Poland says it cannot accept migrants under EU quotas, following attacks in Paris | Europe -

THR: Paris attacks may reshape U.S. presidential race  (REUTERS)

i really doubt that the attacks in Paris make Newt want to shoot some one in a parking lot. You're being silly.

if we needed further proof they're already here, Paris is it

NewsBusters: Lying Obamacare Poster Boy Now Politicizing Paris Attacks

Student at Long Beach State killed In Paris Attacks

#parisattacks Terror attacks linked to Islamists since 9/11  via

Paris terror attacks live updates: Coordinated assaults were planned in Belgium, U.S. sources say

Tory interim leader calls on Trudeau to cancel planned withdrawal of i fighter jets from the anti-ISIS fight in the wake of #Paris attacks

France begins identifying victims of Paris attacks:

Thx!! As for having a good time as it's work I am not sure, but will make sure I go out in evening and that's always fun in Paris!

HEAVILY ARMED POLICE OUTSIDE PULLMAN HOTEL IN PARIS ~ HAPPENING NOW ~ ALERT . MAKING WAY FLOOR TO FLOOR ~ LOOKING FOR INDIVIDUALS ?????

Music News: Eagles Of Death Metal Merch Seller Is First Briton Confirmed Dead In Paris: The first British pers

French Jews call for war on Jihadism as terror engulfs Paris: Concert hall may have been targeted because of J

Bono on Paris Concert Shootings: 'This Is the First Direct Hit on Music'  via

Keith Jarret- The Wind (Paris Concert)  via

#breaking #parisattacks Eiffel Tower area evacuated, heavy police activity around Pullman Hotel in 7th Arrondissement Paris - Reuters

ISIS Group Claims Paris Attacks that Killed 128: At least 18 people were killed in a series of gun attacks acr

#AceNews Paris massacre: World mourns 120+ killed in series of terrorist attacks: The world is mourn  #ANS2015

I get really frustrated when people say changing your profile picture doesn't do anything. Prayers for Paris doesn't do anything. You should

U2, Foo Fighters cancel #European shows after Paris attacks:   VIA

Paris Attacks -- Facebook Activates 'Safety Check'   The best use for Facebook yet

the pic made me smile is totally irrelevant to what happened in Paris #PrayerForParis

ISIS claims responsibility for yesterday's Paris Attacks. FUCKING PISSED OFF!!! FUCK YOU ISIS!!#Pissedoff

Paris concert gunman identified as French national with Islamist ties: ISIS have claimed responsibility for mu

Rumours not to believe about the Paris attacks.

here is a BBC phone video on location in paris on #Periscope: Sight of shootings Paris

Three Teams of Coordinated Muslim Terrorists Carried Out Assault on Paris

Wouldn't surprise me if an attack like Paris happened here since our borders are wide open anyone can just come here. Just like in France.

When I start to think about the victims of Paris attack, their families. Paris the so called the City of Love.

Pray for Paris, Beirut but why the world keep ignoring Venezuela why

Our terrorism double standard: After Paris, stop blaming Muslims  take a look at ourselves

Witnesses say there are heavily armed police at site of Pullman Hotel in Paris - Reuters

Mourning and memorials for Paris around the globe

Local police in Paris deny reports that shots were fired at Pullman hotel but admit intervention is ongoing #ParisShooting

If ever we needed a reminder about hatred these terrorists have for ordinary people we've seen it in the evil they've inflicted on Paris

Good bless Paris and its people #Paris

What's happening in Paris absolutely breaks my heart

I know you are sad for what happened in Paris, but it's not the first terrorist attack, where were you when all the previous ones occurred?

The important ways technology helped us come together in the wake of the Paris terror attacks

#News: How you can help: In the wake of the deadly terror attacks in Paris, there are several  via

Terror attacks: Sushma Swaraj says all Indians safe in Paris

As my thoughts are with Paris I think this is a fitting historical share.

Just updated my avatar for Paris.

At least 1 suicide bomber in Paris had a ticket to France-Germany soccer game and was blocked entry to stadium -WSJ

Stop being lambs and release the wolves ! Paris mourn today, you might cry tomorrow. International coallition should materialize

AP PHOTOS: Aftermath of Paris terror attacks: Grief, alarm and resolve spread across Eu

New trending story from TIME: Paris Terror Investigations Focus on International Connection

How long before Obama will say the attacks in Paris only prove how desperate and weakened ISIS has become?

#prayforparis but Paris ain't praying for Africa in regards to current drought, poverty nd war issues Im just saying!!

-or live too far from us for their problems to impact on our daily lives. I suppose part of the reason why Paris got this kind-

Paris cab drivers will give people around the city free rides home

I get it's probably easier to relate to Paris and Parisians as many of us in the West have visited Paris and have never been to Beirut

Retweeted FOX Soccer Gerald Asamoah honors victims of Paris terror attacks ahead of farewell

Paris : Hollande blames Islamic State for 'act of war' *Hollande's declaration of war frees France into action.

Aye when you'll praying  for paris Pray for me please.i have  three exams this week.prayers needed. Thanks

Check out Support Paris, Stay Strong! Available for the next 8 days via

Latest reports of evacuations in past hour in Paris, including Eiffel Tower updated -- All being reported as false alarms.

The Aftermath of the Paris Attacks Is a Time to Grieve, Not Fear Monger  # via HuffPostPol

#blackberry Skype offering free calls to France following violence in Paris: Skype has announced that it is of

UNREAL:  Mainstream liberal media blames Paris terrorist attacks on conservatives due to their violent rhetoric - IDIOTS!!

well I live here and other half travels to Paris regularly and I'm not. Frightened people are easy to control.

Pierre-Edouard Bellemare / Paris attacks greatly impact Philadelphia's Bellemare  #NHL #PHI

Pray for Paris,pray for the people and the world.

Paris attacks, radicalisation, and political propaganda  via

I wasn't wrong in showing my support for the people of Paris yesterday, however I should have also shown it for the rest of the world.

It appears incident at Pullman Hotel in Paris was a false alarm, French Interior Ministry spokesman.

Barbra Streisand extra - playing now in honour of all Paris victims on Pop2 Sounds

my teacher from high school is in Paris. Luckily he is safe. He says the atmosphere is really sad

Areas in Paris on lockdown again. What is going on, please end this.

Shouts out to Paris hope yall hold it down

UPDATE: #Paris Pullman Hotel incident was false alert: French interior ministry spokesman.

When Paris turned it's lights off, all the world turned it's lights on for it.

AD: Man Claims His Cell Phone Saved His Life From Flying Shrapnel During Paris Attacks!

The Paris Horror Was Not Contained by John Podhoretz

.Has The Paris Attack Made An Attack In The UK More Likely?

Skype offers free calls to France after violence in Paris:  In addition to cellular carriers waiv  #Tech #Apple

Former Arsenal and Chelsea midfielder Lassana Diarra confirms his cousin died in Paris terror  -  #afc

Mayor of Derry and Strabane opens book of condolence for Paris victims

Paris Attacks: Suicide Bomber Was Blocked From Entering Soccer Stadium

World landmarks light up in colors of French flag after Paris attacks  via

Here's how Vegas honored those lost in Paris

thank you for all your support for Paris. We love you.

I feel sorry for what happened in Paris, yesterday but France gov says they found 2 passports who do suicide doesn't take his passpoet

Paris Attacks: terrorist may have hid among refugees to reach Europe

i hope you guys remember that france is not only paris lmao

I stand with Paris and i'm not afraid. #ParisAttacks #FranceUnderAttack

Some people can't seem to comprehend that at this particular point in time our thoughts and prayers are with Paris. Can we leave it at that?

Who makes jokes about something as serious as the Paris attacks?! I don't care if you think I'm overly sensitive, you don't joke about that.

Paris attacks: Hundreds fill Toronto's Nathan Phillips Square in silent vigil

Dead or Alive - Paris Pride '97 (Sex Drive, Nukleopatra, You Spin Me Round)

The band just did a min of silence for Paris at the begining of their set in Newcastle! (Photo by

I can't believe their was a riot in paris over 150 people dead

Foo Fighters Cancel Gigs After Paris Attacks

Moscow. Mumbai. London. Now Paris. How terrorists combined more than a decade of tactics into one night of chaos.

Already have a visit to Paris booked for December. And yes, my family and I are still going.

Live video: John Kerry addresses deadly Paris attacks

What happened to Paris Hilton? is she already dead? #PrayforParis

Germany probes arrested man's links to Paris attacks  via

Sending hope from the Quad Cities to Paris.

Armed Police Search Hotel As Paris Remains Tense: Heavily armed police officers have searched a hotel near the

Canadian reaction to Paris attacks: solidarity, security concerns dominate | National Newswatch:

Remembering the beauty of #Paris the City of Lights , Je me souviens de Paris

not only praying for Paris. but also praying for this world.

Extremely saddened by the attacks in #Paris. I long for the day where senseless death and destruction are not common place on this planet.

#Elvis Presley - If I Can Dream - YouTube #Elvis2015 for #Paris:

My respects go to all of the affected people in Paris from these awful attacks. A massive waste of life in my eyes. #PrayForParis

Damn bro i really wasnt gonna say shit but its kind of bothering me white people speaking up for paris didnt say shit about mizzou etc

Chemi Shalev: 10 commenters on the Paris terror attacks that I can do without

See also: Social Justice Warrior. Someone smeared poo so now they think theyre upstaging paris  #ConcernedStudent1950 #Mizzou

Everybody's posting pray for Paris but I bet not half actually get on their knees and pray.

My heart goes to the world for the Paris tragedy. When one is hurt we all are John Lennon - Imagine HD  via

Very important point from interview w- on what the Paris attacks mean for ISIS strategy.

Paris attacks: Three Isis teams led atrocity: Seven terrorists dead, including a 29-year-old Frenchman

me and have decided to do a video support for paris what do you think

#ParisAttacks: witness says woman was among Paris attackers

#RapUp Frank Ocean Speaks Out on Paris Attacks, Blasts Donald Trump  follow

Shaken German team spent night in Paris stadium after attacks

Paris shootings: Increase in securi  via #AustralianNews #TheAge #News

#bbc Paris attacks: 'Three teams' involved - prosecutor Molins: The BBC's Hugh Schofield in Paris says investi

Earlier this week, someone asked me to lighten up.I never responded, but I found my answer last night: 'Thank you, but no.'#Paris

thank you dear Jeanette, I feel subdued today because of Paris, words are simply not enough to emphasise the emotions felt.

Toronto stands with Paris at Nathan Phillips Vigil.. #toronto #reddit

I'm glad to hear all of my sisters friends who live in Paris are accounted for. #Prayers4Paris

#DemDebate Will you choose diplomacy over knee jerk military actions after the Paris attacks?

Not all Germans were Nazis.  It made sense attacking Germany to destroy the Nazis who ran it.

USA NORTH CAROLINA: Asheville local events support United Nations climate talks in Paris | Mountain Xpress  #COP21

To all the victims of the Paris massacre and their families,May God give you the strength to bear the loss. Northeast tribals India.

#foofighters shouldn't foochicken out and play in Paris to show those *** are not winning.  More rock, less terror.

Ain't never been to Paris.so fucc paris!! My prayers to the north side of Columbus!! #uptown

#ParisAttacks video footage from someone's cell phone in link    #Paris #PrayForParis

#PrayForParis what a horrible tragic.God bless us all especially the people of Paris.

Paris- The Epitome of 'We Told You So'. | Opinion

ISIS Behind Paris Terror: French President Vows 'Merciless' Hunt for Those Behind 'Act of War' -

We're praying for you Paris, stay strong.

ISIS Paris Attacker Passed Through Greece from Syria

Donald Trump says tough gun control laws in Paris contributed to tragedy This Republican president has gone mad

No comfort can replace the grieve of paris lives lost,Pray for hearts to heal  unite humanity for lasting peace. #FranceUnderAttack

Lassana Diarra's cousin killed in Paris attacks: France midfielder Lassana Diarra has revealed his cousin Asta Diakite was killed dur

Its a beautiful day in Beverly Hills. No reason to be sad but my mind keeps going back to the poor people in paris. Prayers to the families

Lebanon flag will never be projected onto landmarks all over the world -wish this would get the same press as Paris

? Before u blame #ParisAttack on 1.8B Muslims just remember 99.9% of us are against this attack or any attack against humanity

What happened at Mizzou is awful. But do not say it is worse than what happened is Paris. Both are awful.

#RIP #EaglesofDeathMetal's Merch Manager #NickAlexander Among Confirmed Casualties of Paris Attacks  via

Paris Attacks: NYPD Deploys Counterterrorism Forces Throughout NYC

#Cuba #USA Republican Candidates Urge Aggressive Response After Paris Attacks: The G.O.P.  #PalabrasEntreelCafe

'Who let the dogs out' from the movie Rugrats go to Paris! Whoops!

(NYT) Republican Candidates Urge Aggressive Response After Paris Attacks

The saddest thing about the tragedy in Paris is that this stuff happens every day in other countries and

I Predicted Paris Attacks Two Years Ago, Says TB Joshua  via

Most of us we live privileged lives. That's why Paris was so shocking. Best way to fight terrorism it is to respect  get back to normality

In Beaumont, Trump Ties Paris Attacks to Immigration Concerns

Donald Trump says Paris attacks would have been less deadly if people had guns  :D

#News #LosAngeles Paris attacks provoke fresh migrant fears in Europe: BERLIN  The news that one of the assa

Muslims worldwide speak out against terrorist attacks in Paris ( it is important that this message is heard )

Breaks my heart hearing all the horrible things that have happened in Paris

Attacker tried to enter France-Germany game. #parisattack

Syria Talks Overshadowed by Paris Attack, but Progress Made

My  thoughts  and  prayers  are  with  Paris. Sending  my  love. #PrayforParis

Donald Trump says the Paris attacks would've been different with more guns.

Brandon Turbeville: 9 Reasons To Question The Paris Terror Attacks

What happened in Paris and what's happening to black lives in America are TWO SEPARATE THINGS!

Paris attacks reaction: Germany to help hunt terrorists.

2 min silence for those who are blaming muslims for paris attack .its almost 2016  wake up .how dumb can you get .

Changing the song this morning? I'm guessing it was something Paris related, but what was the original choice? #xfactor

Lawd,protect the people of Paris and save them from decimation

French prosecutor confirms one attacker aged 29 born in Paris, known to police

Football Stadium Security Boosted After Paris Attacks, NFL Says: The NFL plans to increase security at footbal

Local universities addressing #Paris attack: SDSU, USD. UCSD hasn't issued statement on students abroad, can't get a hold of anyone.

Haven't tweeted about the #Paris attacks, not because I don't care, but there are too many feelings to sort through #love #heart #humanity

La story snap pray for paris.

[GH] Pope Francis 'shaken' by 'inhuman' Paris attacks - The News International

you ready to join the good fight now, HuffPo? Now that Paris is hit

Whoever these murderers are, they do not represent my religion.Thoughts  prayers go out to those effected. #paris

#wiunion #liberals attacking for political Paris tweetHe's just taking Obama's advice from Oregon shooting

Do you need a list of embassies in Paris? Here it is

X Factor: Simon Cowell pays respects to Paris victims

Happy to be performing excerpts from Bernstein's Candide tonight with friends and colleagues! #music #viola #paris

MFAT advises Kiwis to avoid Paris

A song for France: DK -Change the world ft TeeKay. Listen here #PARIS #StopTerrorism #ChangeTheWorld

consequence. what happened in Paris (as well as the other places) was absolutely disgusting and inhumane, but it doesn't

Rolling Stone is high again, so glad I canceled subscription to this piece of shit magazine/rag. #Paris

When I read some idiot  Facebook postings after yesterday's Paris attackMy IQ takes a dip.

The hysteria with changing your profile pic on FB to show support to Paris is making me more sad than it should. Where's the Beirut option?

What The Paris Attacks Mean For The Fight Against ISIS

Terror Strikes in Paris - The New Yorker

today we are so sad and pray for Paris. What kind of god makes you kill? Must be satan, not god! SACRED GROOVE says: FUCK TERRORISM!!!

They should give everyone in Paris free premium

Paris after 9/11, New York last night. #WeStandWithParis

Devil's Advocate: Where's video footage frm concert? No concert goer had a phone? Weird in 2015. Was this a #falseflag attack? #ParisAttacks

Is Obama going to lecture #Paris on Gun Control after #ParisAttacks today?

I ain't saying ion care bout Paris but people die from the U.S everyday

Christians - if your Sunday services involve prayers for #Paris please include prayers for #Beirut who were attacked the day before too!

Paris attacks: Live updates from the French capital

My heart goes out to everyone in Paris. . Gather for peace.

100s dead and dying in Paris who didnt do it to themselves like this moron did who cares .. sorry but this is nothing

The death toll from the Paris attacks has hit 129

Two Mexican citizens and Algerian violinist identified as victims in Paris attacks:

Here's How You Can Help And Support The Paris Attack Victims

I dont live in paris so i dont give af

Police evacuate Eiffel Tower after night of horror in Paris: The Eiffel Tower is evacuated as French  #Bluehand

After Paris, Time to Roll on Raqqa, the ISIS Capitalby Christopher Dickey     via

Stunning: casualties in Paris 490 or more (129 dead, 359+ injured)#ParisAttacks

May the bulb of salvation shine on the commotion of Paris. My heart reaches out to the vulnerable.#PrayForParis

korea pulak after heard about paris #PrayForTheWorld

We are deeply disturbed and saddened by the horrific attacks that were carried out last night in Paris. We mourn

TheVoiceOfTruthBand- Details emerge on some of the victims of Paris attacks: A young French  #australia #canada

U2 Honor Paris Attacks Victims, Bono Talks Terrorism  via

My thoughts and prayer for Paris, Beirut, Japan and the rest of the world #PrayForWorld #PrayForParis #ParisAttacks

Glad to be back from #Paris and connecting in #SLC. Next stop, home.

tweet captures why it's appalling to blame refugees for the Paris attacks  #p2utm_medium=socialutm_source=twitter

Paris attacks may lead to U.S. military anti-IS escalation

Well said. I'd thought that events in Paris might cause them to re-prioritize away from self-centered trivia.

I'm live on at 7pm EST then again on at 2:30 AM EST talking about #ParisAttacks #Paris #ParisShooting

yes! That whole Paris thing played on my emotions a bit! I was looking for songs of hope. I know it sounds corny, but so me!

#livemusicheals ROCKING Divan Du Monde #Paris Oct 2013. Black Flowers!

Those faulting others of not hyping deaths in Africa, do you frequently do that? Let those who want to support Paris do so.

The Paris prosecutor announced that one suspect in Friday's attacks has been identified

ABC News: The Latest: Candlelight Vigil in Paris to Honor Victims. More #news -

Paris Theater Hall Threatened By Islamists In 2008 [Video](Sent from CNR)

Paris hit by 'three teams of attackers': Three teams of attackers were involved in the Paris attacks which kil

My heart goes out to all of Paris!! Disneyland Paris will be closed in till Tuesday. #PrayForParis #Prayers4Paris

big shooting and suicide bomber in Paris. Around 150 dead

it's true. But I also love the cartoon sentiments. They celebrate what I love most about Paris and French culture!

tell Paris that these are helpless immigrants. Time to clean house

At this time, it's important that we remember that terrorism has no religion. #Beirut #Paris

This Tweet was November 11th. Attack was yesterday (13th). what the fuck.

Twitter hashtag reveals the dead, wounded and missing in Paris attacks  via nypost

Moonwkr: .moctarkane on #Periscope: #Paris after #attacks : see how empty is the city center for a saturday night.

only just less than 3 weeks ago i was at these shot locations. Eating and visiting places in Paris. Today, we

Don't know why everyone thinks they know the answer to stopping things like the Paris attacks

Shout out to for what they've done for the attacks on Paris. Both the safety feature and the flag filter.

#Paris attacks: three teams of terrorists believed to have launched atrocity #jobs #money #work #: Paris: Thre

Parisians defiant after attacks: 'They spill blood, we give blood'  via mashable

6 questions on Paris attacks:   team follow back

Armed Police Search Hotel As Paris Remains Tense - Sky News

Sunday Express: SAS on our streets as Paris weeps.

If only the world had more people like Adel Tormos. Hug your friends and family and #livewithzest goddammit. #Paris #Beirut

Every time I read something to do with Paris I end up crying

What happened in Paris is absolutely barbaric

#news Paris to answer war with pitiless war  #til_now #AsianAge

A member of my Universal family was shot  killed last night in Paris. My heart aches for the world right now.

Well, we know who benefits from the Paris attack: France's neocons.

Pray for lebanon and pray for paris and pray for mizzou and pray for every part of the world that is suffering like this

Very Beautiful, you are so kind to take the time to make this. All of our thoughts and prayers are with the people of Paris.

Facebook Safety Check: Different Ways Social Media Has Responded To Paris Attacks  #Bing

Why didn't all of you spoke up on April 3rd 2015? When 147 students were killed in Kenya? Yeah #WhiteLivesMatter #Paris #Kenya

Should we expect Paris style attacks in the US? If not, why? If so, what would u do to prevent? #DemDebate question that won't be asked

All I can do is cry right now, grieve for the people of Paris, and those all over the world who are victims of hate.

President Obama: 'Heartbreaking' Paris terror is attack 'on all of humanity:'

#PrayForWorld not only Paris but also so many other countries

In all seriousness pray for Paris. Pray for this world that can be so cruel.

indeed don't just pray for Paris,pray for Beirut,pray for Baghdad #prayforworld

what happened in paris was tragic but the media is completely ignoring any other horrible incidents that has happened

20. If you felt more emotional about the Paris attack than the Beirut attack, that's ok. If vice versa, that's ok, too.

Cal State Long Beach student among those killed in #Paris attacks! So is it OUR WAR YET?  #tcot #FoxNews #USA

Paris has the largest % of Muslims in Western Europe.

U.S. Cities Step Up Security After Paris Attacks: Law-enforcement officials and transportation agencies in maj

it doesn't seem enough but it's all I have to give.. my love goes out to Paris and the French people.

TONIGHT at 8pm ET, will anchor a live, hourlong special on the terrorist attacks in Paris. 9pm ET: #DemDebate

Eagles of Death Metal merch manager among Paris dead

Poland to stop accepting refugees after Paris attacks#Scotland

It is a call to murder. And thats what we saw yesterday in Paris. Thats why humans must get past this mind-disease called religion

Listening to 'Jesus Christ:Superstar' and reading news of Paris when it hits me: the ME has been screwed up for a long, long time.

Keeping Paris in our thoughts  prayers. Music is a healing force.

#USA #News: 20 People Found Refuge In A Famous Paris Bookstore During Attacks: A famous Pari  via

U2 Pays Homage to the Paris Attack Victims Near the Bataclan Concert Hall

where are you? Tweet about paris

500 casualties of paris are getting more publicity than the 500,000 killed in syria  palestine, wake up america

NFL to increase stadium security measures in wake of Paris attacks

I liked a video  Neil Young - Hole In The Sky - Paris Bercy 2013

Going to say a Rosary for Paris tonightthough truthfully, the whole world needs it #RosaryForOurWorld

This happened before the attacks because this is all propaganda

For parents: How to talk to your kids about the attacks in Paris  via #PrayforParis

at least their not saying that Paris doesn't matter and that they have a government too so they'll be fine.

Such an awful time for paris god bless

How do they know that? Two days after an attack.

Very apt - 01 - Jeff Buckley - Last Goodbye (Live From The Bataclan, Paris, 11 February, 1995)

Retweeted Washington Online Donald Trump says tough gun control laws in Paris contributed to tragedy  #politics

Maternity leave policies around Paris in the last 48 hrs in connection with terrorism incidents.

Obama says: Putin called me to ask why I did not know about in advance the Paris criminal attacks, because he said he knew about it.

As Paris carnage unfolds, conservatives lash out at Obama, immigrants and college students  PATHETIC!! #UniteBlue

In a somber, off-kilter Paris, mass murder leaves emptiness. Observations from the strangest of days #ParisAttacks

My parents are agreeing with Donald Trump on what he said about Paris. They're so fucking sick I swear

oh yeah, all my mum's immediate family live(d) in paris. i spent a lot of my childhood there, was at uni there, etc

World Stands by Paris by Representing French Flag in World Landmarks

To my country and the lives we lost.To #Paris.

Latest music news: Frank Ocean Reacts to Paris Attacks, Criticizes Donald Trump's Gun Control Comments

I've asked Neil for the censored version of events happening in Paris right now and I'm heartbroken. Such a tragic event #prayforparis

No words to describe the Paris incident. Terrorism has to be stopped. #ParisAttacks

#Canada France: Horror in Paris: We will not be intimidated ! Sickening violence has struck Paris o  #Socialism

Keep the love in your hearts my friends, always #jimmyc #jamescochran #love #paris #france #ensemble

Coincidentally came across this old pic of the 4th plinth in Trafalgar Sq (2013). Seems appropriate to share. #paris

#French President Francois Hollande: 'Act Of War' Was Organized By ISIS #jobs #500K #rabota: #PARIS (AP) -- Fr

Universal Music Group Employee Killed in Paris Attack  via thr

I'm horrified by what has taken place in Paris. Why can we as people just not learn to respect each other's right to breathe? Life, ALL life

French lawyer, Spanish engineer and U.S. design student among the victims of onslaught in Paris:  -AP

I've been to Paris, France enjoyed my time there,,,, I'm not sure, and I could be sadly mistaken,,,, I'm going

I pay my respects for this who died in Paris. I pray for family and friends. Those who may be next. This is NOT religion. #Prayers4Paris

I mean I dont believe in god but I wish I do right now Paris, France, the world are not good.

Nobody is safe. Merch Manager Nick Alexander Among Confirmed Casualties of Paris Attacks  via

The best answer to the question Does #Islam promote #violence?#ParisAttacks#Muslims#Paris

and of course they will discuss how to prevent Paris from happening here

Ards Town Hall lit up tonight for Paris #hometown #proud #PrayforParis

Oh, man. Paris. Prepare to be overwhelmed.

Some of you sheeple can't even find Paris on a map without google My condolences to the ones really affected

Here's what we know about the Islamic State's involvement in the Paris attacks:

Platini condemns 'acts of blind barbarity' in Paris  RT

Heard the Paris attacks were really just over a heated parking dispute.

Protesters in Mizzou are upset people being murdered in Paris stole their thunder.

The horror is everywhere whether it's trending on twitter or not -- Day Before Paris, an Attack in Beirut

peace and innocent people. Even though I'm in London which is close to Paris, I can't believe this tragedy. Let's pray for all(2)

I'm gonna tell you about my fucking day in #Paris. The day after. I want to share this.

We'll hear more from folks arriving at from Paris tonight on News at 10:00.

how much you wanna bet some san francisco pink haired twat is already trying to make a game about the paris shooting?

With everything that happened in Paris.it makes you realize that life is too short and that you should be happy and love everybody

Europe's response to the Paris attacks is different this time

Once the identity of the terrorists is known #RollingStone magazine has first dibs. #ParisAttacks #Paris #ParisShooting #tcot #LiberalLogic

RIP the Evertonian who was killed in Paris.

Our Hearts  Prayers go out to the victims  their families in Paris. U have our Support as well. God Bless you all!

Facebook Gave Users a Way to Make Sure Their Friends Are Safe After Terrorist Attacks in Paris: You may   #tcot

After Paris attacks, pressure builds for big military response to Islamic State: WASHINGTON (Reuters) -   #news

I dream of a world where the same anger  emotions are seen  felt for one who loses his life in Paris, Beirut, Peshawar, Kashmir  Gaza.

I'm sure that what all those people in Paris need right now is a hashtag/snap story

Orlando Eye (Florida) changes colors, but tonight it's staying blue, white, and red. #ParisAttacks #Paris

I have a facebook friend that is blaming Obama for what happened in Paris.

Justin biber is playing in concert in Paris. I'm surprised. Glad to be living in Canada.

ISIS is claiming responsibility for the Paris atta  #uncategorized #News #Startups #HowTo #DIY #Android #HowTo #Apps

#rollingstones Eagles of Death Metal Merch Manager Nick Alexander Killed in Paris Attac

Praying for Paris I can't believe what's happened last night in that city. I see humans but not humanity.

French figure skating event canceled after Paris terror attacks.

There are too many words to be said and my mouth is too big to stay shut. #paris #parisattacks  via

Dimension Valley - Pray For Paris:  via

Why am I seeing conspiracy theories related to the Paris attacks on my TL? That seems distasteful and a bit disrespectful.

TV News Reports Must Not Allow Terror Room to Breathe Love SolutionToTerror #Paris

on #Periscope: Terror in Paris - bullets hit restaurant goers

Sky News : Police Arrest Members Of Paris Attacker's Family

Anti-terror police raid Paris hotel near Eiffel Tower as area evacuated amid 'false alarm'  #Paris #EiffelTower

Passport Found at Paris Attack Site Came Through Greece: Officials -

Huge Network |  Watch |  VIDEO: UK on high alert after Paris attacks  #UK #BBC #News #HNN

I feel so sorry .. PARIS the town of LOVE! My ambassador work for BRO Will help !

My #Paris team reconnecting after terrible attacks. Thx a lot for your thoughts!

That page tweeted that update on November 11th. The attack on Paris was on the 13th.

I don't know why I'm so worked up about the Paris situation, like I'm not involved with it, but it's the fact that I have mutuals that.

Paris attacks: Grief and defiance in the aftermath

Pray and support for people in Paris during this great tragedy!! #prayforparis #prayforhumanity

You're beautiful Paris. Haas boys will be back as soon as we can.

Words fail me to express the horrific events in Paris last night, I can't understand this world #PrayForParis #STOPTHEVIOLENCE

Sorry #Mizzou whiners. #Paris matter more than you. Grow up. Move on. Contribute to Society.

Obama under fire for saying that ISIS has been 'contained' just hours before Paris attack (DailyMail)

Pray for Palestine, pray for Lebanon, pray for Iraq, pray for Paris and pray for all innocents no matter where they are, pray for humanity

New trending story from TIME: These Are the Victims of the Paris Attacks

(#TeamRafa) Trump Says Paris Attacks Would Have Been ???Much Different??? If People Had Guns: Trum  (#TeamRafa)

Coincidental timing? Paris attacks overshadow Syria talks in Vienna --

Poland won't accept refugees after Paris attacks: incoming minister

Trudeau can retreat on both those promises given what occurred in Paris and lose no credibility. He should, but will Butts allow?

Thoughts and prayers go out the the people effected in Paris #PrayForParis

This whole Paris shit is a ploy, or false flag as the theorists call it, but it's more than one.

FaceTime helps Boston-area family connect with daughter visiting #Paris, reports on #FOX25

Listening to #live with overcome, seems the right song this moment.. #paris

Colbert and Maher address Paris attacks

Such sad times for Paris, Beirut, and the world Sherri. x #ParisAttacked #BeirutBombing

Richard family reaches out following Paris attacks #PrayForParis  via

I can't honestly believe how racist people are being because of the Paris attacks. So fucking disgusting

Paris en mode walking dead

I keep as much from Harry as I can, but he now knows about the Paris atrocity, and earlier, he sang Swing Low as a tribute #Prayforparis

Obviously ISIS is taking responsibility for what happened in Paris. When the fuck are we gonna get rid of those assholes?

The western wall have just seen  rehersal in Paris of what ISIS and islamic terrorist organizations like Hamasnd Hezbollah can do

In the wake of the Paris Attacks, CBS has reframed it's democratic debate to focus on counter-terrorism, ISIS, foreign policy, and security.

Praying for the loss of beautiful people of PARIS 13/11/2015 #heartbreaking #concernsformankind #BPHSTasmania

BELGIUM: Police in Belgium made 3 arrests in connection with Friday's bloody terror assaults in Paris that killed at least 129 people.

Paris attacks hit home in Baltimore  #Baltimore #MD #News

We stand in solidarity with Paris. Our thoughts and prayers go out to you, friends. #PrayForParis

15 minutes away from a special edition of and with team coverage of the Paris attacks.

STOP making America unsafe by bringing 250K migrants in after Paris attacks. Look at these stats

am soo sorry Paris for this God heal Paris

Hear the war drums again.. After Paris attacks, pressure builds for big military response to Islamic State

They was just killing people left and right in Paris #PrayForPeace

Hundreds maimed  killed in Paris  we have 70000 going to see two women fight each other???

What the horrific attacks on Paris have taught me.ignorance is not only alive and well but rampant in western societies.

Paris Terror Attacks: Time for Leadership and Resolve in the Face of Evil  #tcot

EVERYBODY IS ARGUING OVER FUCKING FLAG POSTS  WHO IS SUPPORTING WHO BUT PEOPLE ARE STILL DEAD IN PARIS  IN

Our prayers to those who lost their lives in #Paris.

Father, brother of one of Paris suicide attackers placed in custody  via [Vanguard News]

I wonder if anyone who said prayers for Paris actually said a prayer for paris?

'Charlie Hebdo' cartoonist says 'do not pray for Paris'   -TIME

Three Teams of Coordinated Attackers Carried Out Assault on #Paris , Officials Say; Hollande Blames ISIS

Paris attacks: Canberra lit up in s  via #AustralianNews #TheAge #News

The suspects: What we know: Seven gunmen in Paris killed themselves with explosives vests and one was shot dea

Thoughts are with the people of Paris and all those whose lives have been forever changed by the #ParisAttacks

It's more than tsking someone for mourning Paris instead of Lebanon. It's acknowledging the deaths of a few are outweighing the thousands.

This is such a lovely picturebest tribute to #Paris I've seen!

LITTLE INDIE BLOGS: Watch :: Coldplay Play Acoustic Cover Of 'Imagine' After Paris Attack:

I liked a video  Truth About Paris ISIS Terrorist Attacks Hoax Revealed (Redsilverj)

This seems twistedHezbollah chief condemns Paris attacks, vows retaliation for Beirut bombings  from Jpost

Meanwhile, if you're praying for Paris have a few seconds pray for the next generation too please!

UgHh WwTFUCK, fKn STUPID PaRIS peoPLE RUinIN My BiRtHDAY bY DYin

My condolances go out to everyone in Paris.

you have such a caring spirita beautiful souljust a beautiful person. May God bless Paris!

Paris events is just another reason for you to live your life. You're gonna die anyways and you never know when. Enjoy the time given to you

Just heard what happened in Paris. All my thoughts and prayers go out to you all. #prayforparis

isn't what happened in Paris yesterday, what happens day in day out in Syria and Palestine? #condemnallattacks

#skypapers do you really believe the #Paris attack was done by immigrants ? This is an excuse for security services missing it

Security Will Be Ramped Up At L.A. Events In The Wake Of Paris Attacks

I liked a video from  Paris Terriorst Attack - My Thoughts On The Whole Thing

Completely forgot the #DemDebate is tonight. With what happened in #Paris, they need to tread carefully AND directly talk about it.

BROOKLY SMITH PRODUCTION-American student among the victims of Paris attack

I'm sorry but changing your profile picture doesn't help Paris. They need answers on why this happen.

What happened in Paris is not a joke. Yes, you have a freedom to say whatever you want but right now you need to take a seat and not speak.

It looks like the first American to be identified as one of the Paris victims is Hispanic

Food Fusion would like to send all the family's and victim's of the Paris terror attacks some love and our

Gigi Hadid Sends Strength  Love To Paris After Attacks  via

Minute's silence in the Palacio for the victims of the attacks in Paris: A minute's silence will be observed b

Canberra landmarks shine in solidarity with Paris  Photos:

Good morningPeace for Paris Prau for Paris

z George Square Glasgow We Are All Paris Tonight # We Get To Carry Each Other

The assault on one of the leading concert halls in Paris sent shockwaves Saturday through the music world, with top-selling artists i

I really wish I had had the time to finish this but I just wanted everyone in Paris to know that I'm think

American student identified as Paris massacre victim

Something to keep in mind. France is not Paris. Many French have been incensed at the Islamization of their country for a long time

How you can help survivors of the #Paris attacks

Republican candidates urge stricter limits on Syrian refugees after Paris attacks -

I'm just learning about tragedy in #Kenya. Human mankind continues to destroy the earth people. #Paris #Kenya

Attack QURAN inspired (dead to INFIDELS) Muslim=Islam=Islamist read and feed from the same book 24x7 NO DIFFERENCE

French intelligence says they knew 1 terrorist b/c of extremist activities but didn't know he was planning attack. ARE THEY SERIOUS?! #paris

Paris suicide bomber tried to enter the Stade de France but was stopped by security

And pray for Paris too. And all those killed daily at the hands of senseless violence

Acts of Heroism Source: The IndependentTaxi drivers across Paris switched off their meters last night as they

Saddened and distressed by the attacks in Paris. Need to bring these lunatics who claim to represent my religion to justice

#Iran #Terrorism Paris Terrorist Attacks: Muslims, Iranian And Arab Leaders Condemn ISIS Vio  #Islam #Tcot #UHF

What i find most annoying about this paris situation is that so many muslims have to apologise and explain that islam is not at fault

#ParisAttacks Pray for Paris and Lishui,god bless

I'll be curious to see if anyone proposes any non-military reactions to the Paris attacks. I doubt it:  #DemDebate

Defying terrorism! New Yorkers rally to show love for Paris  via

Eagles of Death Metal Merch Manager Nick Alexander Killed in Paris Attack - RollingSton  #celebritynews #140C

yes, it's wrong that people only see what happened to Paris and not to others but c'mon! no need to hate.

Paris attacks shake second debate, put Democrats on the defensive  | Getty

We shall not be afraid in times like these. They were sent to terrorize. If we live in fear, they win. #Paris

St Louis de Montfort, St Joan of Arc, pray for those suffering in #Paris as a result of yesterday's terrorist attacks. ##PrayforParis

Paris you will always have my heart. . #prayersforparis

will bet Paris and ISIS will be brought up often tonight  #piusdebate

#Paris #ParisAttacks Tomorrow's new today: 'Nothing to do with #Islam'

My love goes to Lexis family and anyone in Paris who lost their lives or loved ones xx  #RIPLexi

There were 3 Brazilians in the Paris attack, but they suffered minor injuries (well, one was shot in the back 3 times but is doing well).

Was Paris attack caused by a Vile video?

What the Paris attacks could mean for Europe

Thoughts are with everyone in that beautiful city The world is with you! #Paris #JeSuisParis

it's so sweet how everyone's showing their support to paris but I honestly can't tell who is who in my notifs

A little tbt to when I went to Paris for my photoshoot.. Praying for you all #Pray4Paris

pray for Mizzou, Nigeria, Syria, Palestine, Yemen, Lebanon, Paris, your souls, humanity, and the world.  ONE hurt means we ALL hurt

World sings, lights up in solidarity with wounded France after #Paris attacks

The same people blowing up #Paris are the same people murdering the people of #Israel

Fort Myers school group aborts trip after Paris attacks

I'd have called immediately.   Obama statement on Paris: 'I DON'T WANT TO SPECULATE ON WHO DID THIS'

I havent really tweeted about the whole paris situation, but i just saw a video of a little boy and it just broke my fucking heart RIP

New post: 2015 Paris Attacks: Three Arrested In Belgium In Connection With Terror Plot

Terror in Paris: McCaul on implications for US security  #video

Any condemnation of Paris attacks from any Moslems will be like rain on a volcano.  via

In Paris they ask the right questions  via

This is contender for one of the ugliest comments on the Paris attacks.

What Is TATP? Paris Attackers Used Unstable Hydrogen Peroxide-Based Explosive For Detonations: TATP was  #bombs

what you mean Paris is not Africa?

When 9/11 happened, I was too young to understand. And now my heart is torn and I'm so moved over the tragedy in Paris.

T-ara members expressed their concern about the Paris attacks

Sonny, next time you see Methodists holding up severed heads, send up a flare. Otherwise you're just a windbag.#muslims #paris

From Paris terror attack FALLOUT: German man arrested, raids in Belgium reported

Please tell me how many Amish and Asians were involved in the attack on Paris last night? Facts are not bigotry

Paris to World trade- peace of mind mix by AOGmusic #SoundCloud#Prayers4Paris

#Flyers I hope the Orange  Black can get a W tonight for Bellemare  for Paris  #My HeartGoesOut

#Paris attacks: Ukip launch probe into former #MP hopeful over 'close all mosques'

Been in contemplative prayer for Paris and the citizens of France. My thoughts are with you and the families of the victims.

Sometimes you need to pray for others especially after a massacre like in Paris. It's not always Bout us. Grow up!

PARIS HILTON w boyfriendTHOMAS GROSS. via

Everyone's always saying about how the world is a horrible place, but just look at all the people who helped save people in Paris last night

ISIS Statement On Paris Attacks - Rumors ISIS Will Attack Rome, London, And Washington, D.C. Next

smh: Mizzou Campus Activists and Black Lives Matter Complain About Paris Stealing the Spotlight

I liked a video from  Deadly Paris attacks coordinated by three teams of terrorists

I just literally seen the worst picture of a victim in paris

let's pray for Paris and other innocents who a are caught up in conflict

I hate them. Fucking muzzie cunts. You did Paris. Try Britain you bearded muslim freaks. You think yer hard? Try Britain. Muslim cunts.

Paris Attack Videos: People Hang From 2nd Floor, Run And Drag Shooting Victims Out Of  -

Pray for Paris, Pray for the World #prayforparis #prayforpeace #prayfortheworld Area

#EDL sniggering at poor French workers being killed in Paris. They think its funny. #Scum

Music Critic, Lawyer and U.S. Student Are Among Victims in Paris Attacks, via

I have 2 say 1 thing,I know this is an unknown acct,but myself as well as other known ppl need 2 apologize 4 politicizing the Paris

All Of My Thoughts And Prayers Go Out To All The Victims And The Wounded And All Of Paris.

Cuz Paris gave us the Statue of Liberty

Why ISIS would attack Paris. Thanks to for sharing.

3 major terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia and no one bats an eye1 terrorist attack in Paris, everyone loses

Just changed my profile picture in support of France and the people of Paris.

I just had to ask someone to remove from their media list because they're using the tragedy in Paris to pitch 50% off lipstick. Disgusting.

I am shocked by the terrorist attacks in Paris. I join in sorrow with the Parisians, be strong.#ParisAttacks

#USA #News: Calif. student killed in Paris will be 'profoundly missed': A Southern Californi  via

Change ur profile picture to support Francr and people of Paris    I deactivated my Facebook Profile

.BLESS SUNDAY..LET'S PRAY FOR PARIS

Saw a horrible picture of a father holding his dead son from the Paris attacks. Couldn't help but burst out crying.

Pray for Lebanon, Paris and South Korea :(

Vigil to remember victims of Paris attacks

Right? What happened in Paris is awful, and if anything, should turn our focus towards what's happening elsewhere as well

Obama: Paris Attacks 'An Outrageous Attempt To Terrorize Innocent Civilians' (VIDEO)

Paris Terror Attacks: Mick Wallace sparks anger on Twitter over Paris terror attacks tweet

I dont understand whats the big deal about paris Thousands of people/Kids die a day with no food

this isnt from paris, this was from the bombings in syria last year

Thoughts  prayers from to Paris Bar - lost young lawyer in horrific attack on innocent people  Rule of Law

All this shit going on must be niggas in Paris

129 killed in Paris that's fucked up

#poli Statement from the Secretary-General: Attacks in Beirut and Paris

Paris attacks: French lawyer, Spanish engineer, U.S. design student among first named victims  via

Despise small minded people who say Trinidad has nothing to do with the events that transpired in Paris. Where is your humanity?

'From #Paris with love', bombs dropped by the on ISIS today | [pic

Just how long do you suppose this Paris tragedy will make its way here?Like, how long before it's OUR family members?

Personally  on behalf of SPS, I extend deepest sympathies for victims of Paris terror attacks  condolences to their families  loved ones

Sending all my thoughts to The people in Paris. #prayforparis

Some of my favorite photos from my visit to Paris a few years back. #PrayForParis

The prescience of Voltaire is never more stark #Voltaire #ParisAttacks  #Paris

French ambassador to US joins hundred in Washington vigil for those killed in Paris  #tcot

If I see anybody using the tragedy in Paris to incite hatred I'm going to report you.

#Paris #France #CollegeFootball (#USA #Army ) Carries French Flag To Field, In #America. | South Bend, Indiana,

To blame refugees, who are trying to escape a horrible reality, for the terrorist attacks in Paris is disgusting!

After Paris, world leaders send their condolences and messages of support:

#PurposeTheMovement is what happened in paris not relevent enough

A lot of people are praying for Paris, but don't forget that those fuckers killed innocent people all over the world

He's in paris in the fucking picture you shit

Australian boy survives bloobath in Paris concert hall. #ParisAttacks

FUCK IT: TONIGHT DCIGS PARIS ATTACKS MY TAKE!

love goes out to all the families  people that have been affected by this Paris tragedy.

Thanks for telling your story so eloquently on CBC. Glad you and your friend are both safe. Stay hopeful for #Paris.

Word of our Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) about using force etc. Just saying#ParisAttacks #Paris #Islam

So wheres Beiruts moment of silence? Wheres facebook safety checks?Wheres beiruts flag colours on buildings? Is it not as important as paris

Pray not only for Paris nor Japan but Pray for all the nation. #PrayForTheWord

#BennyCapricon Timeline: How the attacks unfolded: The violence in Paris shocked the world. The te  via

ICYMI: East Texans in Paris wary after terror attacks  #watchcbs19

RateTake: College student from California studying abroad killed in Paris attacks

Right on!  Prayers and hashtags won't stop the next attack. #ParisAttacks. #IslamIsTheProblem

Nous sommes parisiens.  We join the rest of the civilized world in mourning those murdered in #Paris.

The boys having a moment of silence for the events that occurred in Paris at the London Session.

so what happened in kenya ? bc all i hear about is whats going n in Paris

The Stranger - Liveslogging the Second Democratic Debate, One Day After the Attacks in Paris

Touch of class from the in honour of Paris tragedy. #UFC193

I apologize for being overly sensitive and unable to work due to the events yesterday in the world (not just paris), but I can't hold it in

Got hold of a nice Paris WP

I wonder where were the same attention for Nigeria the #WORLD is giving to Paris

Terror attacks: Paris, Mumbai, London, NY  sadly #Israel is added almost daily #ParisAttacks

Paris attacks: Footage of tense gunfight surfaces

Paris Attacks Know the hourly TOP trends. Visit  for more info

yeah, been watching it on TV. Know those areas of Paris so well. Awful :(

Finding out that a Cal State Long Beach student was killed in Paris has got to be one of the most devastating things I've heard. My god.

One minute silence for Paris.:  via

Last night, looking for Paris coverage, I found Chicks on the Right spewing hate on Their words scared me as much as the news.

Just checked Facebook for the first time since the Paris attacks, Daily Mirror and star are having field days mate

President Obama Reacts to the Paris, France Terror Attacks

BSGN Canadians show solidarity after Paris terror strikes: Thousands of people in cities and towns across Cana

#Bloodbath in Paris: 129 dead as terrorists plan Mumbai-style attacks #jobs #500K #: #On a night when thousand

it's b/c radical Islam hates western civilization. Not b/c a white person died. Women r safer n Paris vs Beirut.

Terrorism! Paris! The world needs to seriously address the causes, whilst managing and minimizing the devastating effects of the symptoms!

[TWITTER] 151114 Yongguk retweeted about Paris Attack. #PrayForParis

the ones I know definitely condemn them; I know at church today we prayed for love for the refugees after Paris.

College student from California studying abroad killed in Paris attacks: LONG BEACH, Calif. (Reuters  (Reuters)

Prior to Paris, #Obama has ISIS contained in Syria and Iraq.  Feel Safe

This was one of my favorite places in Paris and this makes them even better.

NEW POST: The culture war, after Paris. #YesAllWesterners  #tcot

After what happened yesterday in Paris! Plus other places and make me think like WTF is this going to be world war 3 #Pray4Paris

Latest: U2 Cancel Paris Show  #rock

#UPDATE 300 hospitalised after #Paris attacks, 80 in 'critical' condition

Thoughts go out to everyone in Paris, France. Hopefully it will get better soon.

Paris Air Travel Proceeds, but Some Cancel Future Visits - ABC News: ABC NewsParis Air Travel Proceeds, but So

Dan Auerbach in Paris: 'We Were Hunkered Down Listening for  |

The boys having a moment of silence before the #1DLondonSession for the tragedies in Paris.- C

What you can do to help Paris right now: Last night, the world watched helplessly as th

I can't wait to hear how climate change caused the Paris workplace violence that happened yesterday.

Central Floridians in shock, mourning after deadly Paris attacks: France native Naeva Collado was wor  #orlando

Let us pray for the people of Paris, France!

I READ A LITTLE ABOUT WHAT HAPPEN IN PARIS, AND WHAT GROUP CLAIMS THE INCIDENTS OR RESPONSIBILITIES, I REALLY CAN

Funny how people are posting pray for Paris like that was the only tragedy the world faced of such magnitude.

Big Four Walking Bridge lit up in French Flag colors #Prayers4Paris #Louisville stands with Paris

so even b4 Paris attacks, stressed need for attn to security in bringing refugees to Canada. I trust Cdn Govt

just Facebook. Some poorly worded opinions about the attacks in Paris.

#DmArgeniis_x3 Music Critic, Lawyer and U.S. Student Are Among Victims in Paris Attacks: The id  #DmArgeniis_x3

I'm not saying don't pray for Paris

ok, then why was one of Paris targets a Cambodian restaurant? #crickets

PRAY FOR ISRAEL PARIS AND THE WORLD NOW

It's horrible what happened in Paris but it's so beautiful to see the way people come together

Paris attacks: French lawyer, Spanish engineer, U.S. design student among first named  -

Much love  light to all in Paris. Tulsa, OK cares.

Pray for the people slane by evil in Paris. Senseless killing is the darkest side of humanity! #Prayers4Paris

Ted Cruz, Ben Carson Call For U.S. To Reconsider Taking Syrian Refugees After Paris  via

Edgar Degas  ( 1834-1917 )'Ballet at the Paris Opera'   1877    #art

Paris attacks: French lawyer, Spanish engineer, US design student among first named victims  #design

seriously take a look around the world. Abbott is calling out evil in ISIL. Paris - another example of the deathcult.

AND we better bring the fight to them or we will have another Paris or 9/11

Someone in Paris left the door open and the wrong dogs came home!

More on the Paris Terrorist Attack [Video]: Check out this video on What You Need To Know   #YardHype

well done on insightful, good coverage on breaking news from Paris. Very sad times #PrayforParis

Don't miss the brand new special, iNNOCENCE + eXPERIENCE Live in Paris at 9pm ET TONIGHT!

NFL increases security inside and outside of stadiums after Paris attacks - Yahoo Sports (blog)

Peace starts from within I declare #worldpeace #paris #beruit #baghdad #syria

Police Arrest Members Of Paris Attacker's FamilyInteresting

Pray for Paris, and so much more

doesn't know that is the premier off the grid encrypted communication app CC:  #ParisAttacks #ParisShooting  #Paris

Foreign news sights and people joyful over. #Paris

? Not really sure why you're tweeting at me, Mr. Deuce. I only said that the image of the Paris 'attacker' was photoshopped.

Pray for Paris, but also Pray for Tokyo, Pray for Lebanon, Pray for Kenya, and Pray for Afghanistan.

thinking of you and NYC in light of Paris. Blessings.

Like the quotes. #Denver residents gather to support #Paris after terror attacks

Tragic pain must be converted into power to stop terrorismTimeline:What happened in Paris attack

seeing Dorado Schmitt tonight, thinking of you and hope all of yours are well, our prayers to you and #Paris

It is sickening to see the Trumpkins use the Paris Attack to push their idiocy   UGH

I am so sick when I think of the devastation in Paris# thinking of you# with you

As a matter of faith, the terrorists who attacked Paris yesterday are as Muslims as the Nazis were Christians. #ParisAttacks #Paris

but still not as much as Paris. Genuinely think it's because people identify with the French whereas a lot will think

I just wanna go to Paris and hug everyone.

live update : your life is better that the 200 people in Paris .. Be grateful honey .

how long r u here and still not bored :oand ppl died in Paris but K3's more important for u THAT'S BAD

Neckveiny Americans counsel France to just pick a random Muslim nation  invade it cuz that time we did it it worked out really well. #Paris

#Killed #Paris_Raf_Casert #Seat_Leon - How a half-hour of horror washes Paris  -

chicagonewsnow: Chicago Stands With Sister City Paris (PHOTOS)  #chicago

Two #Palestinian groups #Hamas and Islamic Jihad have condemned the attacks in #Paris

Rob Lowe Under Fire for Paris Attack Tweets  HE'S GOT A POINT!!

So ppl are arguing over whether to pray for Paris or Africa sigh sigh sigh everything is a disagreement huh. The beauty of madness

Sorry, I just learned that it WAS in April and they were comparing it to the Paris shooting.

Facebook Gives us a choice to change our profile pictures in sympathy  to Paris, No facebook. I'm sorry but I

When you relies your oc is the colours of Paris's flag

CNN where is the story about how bad the Paris police treated the terrorist ???????????    If it was in the U.S. There would be hundreds

one of the cowards in paris drove a vw polone1 recall this banned commercial while back?(warning poss trigger)

i can't believe the world we live in. yesterday my heart broke for paris, and now i hear london is in danger. this is unacceptable.

Praying 4 Paris for such a brutal attack via terrorist..god plz bless Paris's citizens..

Here I am trying to finish the #Arrow episode that I started yesterday and stopped because of what happened in Paris #4x06

#Paris massacre raises refugee resettlement stakes #jobs #500K #: #The political and security stakes are rapid

Looks like the entire world leaders don't have balls to accept the truth behind Paris attacks. Forget about taking any action. Sad!

Angry about Paris? Time for a moratorium on Muslim migration to America? Start with cutting funding. #Norefugees

can you sort this disgrace out #parisattack #Paris

Prayers going out to all the people in Paris that were effected by the tragedy that occurred.

SAS on streets as Paris weeps Britain on alert French condemn attacks | World | News | Daily Express

don't forget that just hours before the Paris attack, we here in America were told by POTUS that ISIS had been contained

#HypeNation TERROR HITS PARIS:  See Full Story  Via

Natalie Portman Movie Premiere In Paris Canceled After Trag  |

Are our minsiters capable of protecting Indians after Paris attack?

Number 65 carrying the French flag for LSU tonight. Prayers for Paris. #LSU #WeAreUnited

London School of Economics graduate Valentin Ribet named as Paris victim - BreakingNews.ie

What is  shahrukh saying after  Paris attack? Is there tolerance or he will give back his IIFA awards? #shahrukh #sangesuman

Love you Mark! Love you Paris!

Devastation in France: What We Know About The Paris Attacks - ABC News -  via

Paris attack: The West must fight Islamophobia and Islamist terrorism with the same unwavering resolve.

IN PICTURES: Australia shows supports after Paris attacks.  #9News

Google News, Auburn Football, Npr, Kenya, Paris, : Google News  Auburn Football  Npr  Kenya  Paris  Eag

it sounds like CBS wanted to cut 90 second opens to 30 and Sanders fought it. Clinton/O'Malley spinning as no Paris

Fluctuat nec mergitur. Paris shall not be drowned in terror.

Because of terrorists like those today in #Paris, refugees are on the run.Refugees are not terrorists.

what the fuck does that have to do with the Paris terrorist attacks that you clearly are so oblivious about?

My Twitter has just been about the attacks on Paris because I can't understand how a group of people can do that to such an amazing place.

Mayor: Couldn't be more heartbroken over student's death  #Paris #France #News

-The dawn of 14th November brought an air of grievance across the French nation as Paris scorched in the blazing

Sometimes the most fucked up things in society bring out the best in society.  #Paris

(Stars and Stripes) Paris attacks underscore risks of a slow U.S. campaign against Islamic State: Th  #Military

Paris, Lebanon, Japan, theyre all hurting. Instead of being divided over who to feel sorry for, how about we stand united against suffering?

The terrorism event in #paris has me thinking Is world peace acheivable? #PrayForPeace #PrayForParis

Terror attacks all over d world. Instead of fighting terrorism, people want Prime Minister to apologise to SRK #ParisAttacks #GrowUpIndia

Recent Changes:  Sandniggers in Paris: it's supposed to be in this order, like a double entendre and stuff

Prayers for all of the people who have lost their lives in Paris.

whilst everyone about PARIS no one mentions the ISIS attack in LEBANON the day be4 yesterday!NIGGAZ PLZ!

and using the Paris attacks as a partisan cudgel - most hateful inhuman thing to do

#FOREX $EUR: Paris attacks raises security questions ahead of Euro 2016

Hearts and prayers for the families of all where senselessly taken away, in Paris! Life is precious!

My heart is with all the families in pain tonight, in Paris  all corners of this world we live in. #PeaceForParis

The social media search for survivors of the #Paris terror attacks. #Facebook #Twitter

i'm so happy that my tweet about supporting people affected by the paris attack has been recognised by so many people including the news

MnD Fillersode being uploaded now. #Paris related. Link when it's up.

The #DemDebate begins with a moment of silence for victims of the #Paris attacks.

Real shit, this Paris attack has me sad, pissed, worried but not scared. Times like these make me thank my father for teaching me right.

I don't understand why everyone is feeling pain of Paris attack! Before a moment they were  dump and blind

Paris prosecutor: One of the attackers was born in the suburbs of Paris, had a criminal record. #ParisAttacks

Democratic Presidential Debate begins with a moment of silence following the Paris terror attacks. #DemDebate

This is beautiful: The World Responds To The Paris Attacks

I was so busy yesterday  I forgot to read the news. #Paris is a beautiful place and it doesn't deserve this kind of tragedy #Prayers4Paris

As Paris mourns - should we still post happy snaps? Join the debate at The Water Cooler

OK then, stopping (for now) w/ the #Paris stuff  focusing on politics

#DemDebate opening statements specifically asked to include thoughts on Paris.

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all of the families of the terrible tragedy in Paris.

Paris: Police arrest members of attacker's family

American band caught up in chaos of Paris attacks: Southern California band was playing at the Bataclan concer

Islamophobia and Radical Islam in Today's Society  #TerrorismHasNoReligion #Paris #ParisAttack #ISIS #PrayforParis

Hey stupid, Paris already happened to us when your guy was reading My Pet Goat.

Yikes. During #DemDebate Hillary Clinton FAILED to apologize to Paris and Americans for her work to fund  arm ISIS? #PrayForParis

The #DemDebate is LIVE on Opens with moment of silence for #paris victims.

Bombshell! Massive Drills On Same Day As The Paris Attack | Alternative

Y'all not going to make this whole fucking debate about Isis and Paris. The fuck this is America's issue now. Priorities fucked up

it's more than Paris people, the western world has quite the reputation for selective grief

When all of humanity is attacked like in #ParisAttacks we MUST fight back by stopping racists and xenophobes from pushing their agenda

Paris is police is doing an excellent job making calm.World Reacts In Solidarity With Paris After Terror Attacks -

What happen in Paris is horror, but it would be horrible everywhere. For me, there is many links since I am francophone

like I just saw a whole female say fuck Paris just because she didn't eat breakfast. really? grow tf up, it's not a joke

Belgian cell suspected in Paris attacks: Investigators piece together details of highly coordinated killing spree

Just in Baltimore alone has seen more gun deaths in 2015 than Paris could ever dream of.

To the people blaming the refugees for the attacks in Paris. Do you not realize these are the people who the refugees are trying to run from

A most bizarre night in escapism vs staying woke. Watching George Clinton on Peri  DemDebate on TV while following up on Paris online.

Writing is my way of showing solidarity for my family and friends Paris.Montreal #TousUnis for #Paris

the media didn't alert Americans the way they have for Paris

Sporting world mourns for Paris in wake of attacks - ABS CBN News: ABS CBN NewsSporting world mou  #electronics

Where do they find these ignoramuses? Greatest threat is a non existent global warming? Not to worry about ISIS Paris! #DemDebate

#DemDebate I wonder if the attack on Beirut will be mentioned. Do the 43 deaths there matter as much as the 129 in Paris?

What is going on in the world with all this unnecessary killing of so many innocent people. Praying for the people in Paris.

DNO: One of Paris terror shooters identified as Frenchman

NAILS response to terror attacks in Paris! Especially giving sanctuary to Christians!!   see?

ISIS killed 224 on Russian plane, 45 in Bierut on Thursday,  129 in Paris, losing maybe 12 of their own. We're losing, they're winning.

9 Reasons the Terrorist Attacks in #Paris Could Be a False Flag Event

Paris terror attacks: England vs France friendly will go ahead despite suicide bombings - via

#Prayers4Paris My heart goes out to all the families that have lost someone they know and love to the events that happened in Paris.

.in the same way the 3 'refugees' involved in Paris attack were 'vetted' via Greece?

HEADLINES: The Paris attacks: Minute by minute

Hillary Clinton says that while our prayers are with those in Paris tonight, that is not enough. #DemDebate via Forbes

I liked a video from  Hollande: Several dozen dead in attacks around Paris

The one (BIBI) who keeps killing  (Last 3000 in Gaza) condemns (150) killing in Paris. Maniac.. Who did it except U

trying to sell my kill Paris and Illenium tickets for tonight! Anyone want them? Face value $20. I have 2!

BREAKING!Paris Attack Was Western-Backed  via realalexjones

Our Hearts go out to those in Paris! We love you and we send our good vibrations from Saturn to keep your strong and safe!!!

Malcom turnball talks about trade and ecconomy addressing paris bombings.  Oy vey

If becoming religious has made you more judgemental, harsh, a backbiter, you need to check if you are worshiping God or your ego!#Paris

Everybody Wanna be Motivational Speakers and shit about Paris.

wonder if there is some impact from Paris events?

#Paris Attacks: Staged Bombing Shooting #Hoax For Syrian Invasion Exposed (Redsilverj)

Facebook notified me that a friend was marked safe during the Paris attack. You pretentious little sick fuck, you don't even live there.

For French citizens abroad, speed of information on Paris attacks has been invaluable

I liked a video  Marco Responds to the Paris Attacks

'Shooting and Explosions' Heard in Paris Suburb Are False Alarm | News | teleSUR English

Video shows people running for their lives from Islamic Terrorist concert attackers. #ParisAttacks  #War

Eiffel Tower goes dark as France mourns 129 dead: PARIS        (AP) -- The Eiffel Tower stood dark in a   #news

Tell me this is fake! The lady who was at the Boston Bombing and the Sandy Hook tragedy was also spotted in Paris!

What's happening in Paris is so vile don't get how people can do that it's a joke

After ISIS Paris Attacks Was Elected President Tonight  #WakeUpAmerica #RedNationRising

RIP to all those who lost their existence in the world during for Paris.

a small amount is Muslim. CURRENT worldly attacks are. But we can't call all terrorists Muslim. The Paris guys, yes.

France to play England at Wembley despite Paris terror assaults. News Source: Frog Fetched Story highlights

Sunday will be another day of mourning in Paris, with public spaces closed, and citizens trying to make sense of

He would be appalled since the Systeme Internationale was founded in Paris!#MakeAmericaMetric

CNN: One Paris attacker identified  #KPRC2 #Paris #ParisAttacks

Man pushes piano into the street in Paris and plays John Lennon's Imagine. #ParisAttacks

U.S. band's musicians safe in Paris attack, but crew member reported killed  :Auto pickup by wikyou

you cant help earthquakes. But, the attack in Paris was uncalled for! I agree! #STOPTHEVIOLENCE #Prayers4Paris

It's kind of humanity's war? For me, I'm proude n pray for Paris.

paris is an amazing city. paris will get over it, france is strong

Birmingham News - Paris attacks: Not everyone in US is beefing up security in response

everyone, Ari is fine, she was in La Rochelle at the time of the attacks. Peace to paris and the world

Friendly match Fr vs Ger isn't just a game. It's a symbol of peace. They were fighting each other during WW2, but now not anymore. #Paris

U2 calls off Paris show after terror attack and offers sympathy to families of   #foofighters

the attack in Paris wasn't Isis it was just a bunch of right wingers trying to frame Isis to push their own agenda Right?

1 of the suicide bombers in the Paris attacks has been identified as Ismael Omar Mostefai,  via

Terror attacks in Paris: Mourners hold vigils worldwide for victims     live updates -

Thanks for your excellent reporting from #Paris!

Paris attacks: Hundreds attend vigil in Trafalgar Square as the world mourns with Paris

RSS: Democratic 2016 candidates condemn Paris attacks at debate opening

And Paris has been the place I've dreamed of going to since I was a child. I've always been fascinated by Paris.

Paris attack:Nopictures of dead/terrorists/no demand for Hollande to quit/no interview with relatives/no screaming at cop-Will we ever learn

Natalie Portman, Steven Spielberg, U2 and the Foo Fighters have all canceled events in Paris

I'd say you witnessed a defining example of it yesterday in Paris.

#Facebook's #SafetyCheck was used by 4Mn+ people in first 24 hours following Paris attacks

the left means I love you Paris, the right means life is a beautiful tragedy

Trump said Paris victims would have survived had they had guns, how do you see it. #DemDebate

I think Paris had the worst night.

Wishing peace, patience and love to all of our brothers and sisters in Paris and around the world.

Watching the Democratic debate in light of the Paris terrorist murders. No clear winner yet, but some thoughtful answers.

[new post] Terrorists from Paris who came to France via Greece passed through Croatia; The other attacker pass

Paris Attacks Dominate Democratic Debate Opening Remarks  #hollywood

Florida (Disney), Paris (Disney), Italy, Dubai, Spain

But way to go for all Dem candidates to stick to accepting refugees (w/ focus on screening, of course) despite Paris attacks #DemDebate

Hollande Blames ISIS for 'Act of War' on #Paris #tcot #UniteBlue #ParisAttacks #ParisShooting #RedNationRising #p2

Paris, Beirut. Endless terrorism and war, xenophobia, never heard this song before but :'(

The Latest: Paris movie theaters shut down after attacks - Breitbart

Let's take a moment of silence to remember those who lost their lives and were affected by the Paris attacks #Paris

US military cost $1 trillion up to $3 trillion. Attacks in Paris.  Incompetent. #DemDebate

So climate change is to be blamed for Paris? I think the caliphate pre-dates all SUV's#DemDebate

Sorry but the Paris attacks put the nomination in clear perspective. #DemDebate #ImWithHer

good morning Dr sahib. Our thoughts with all those victims of paris. Same happened like in APS.Humanity shocked yesterday.

This is Hysterical #Terrorism caused by #ClimateChange Guess #Syrian #Refugees #relocated to #Paris Still upset

[News] Germans spent night in stadium dressing room after Paris attacks

Retweeted 680 NEWS Toronto Hundreds stand in solidarity with the people of Paris at Nathan Phillips

As a common Indian , I feel angry over Paris attack and would request world to come together. Clean anti human forces.

The Paris attacks hurt all us: they are a crime against humanity and in no way can they be justified by religion.

Google offering free calls via #Hangouts to Paris after #ParisAttacks

Paris attacks: Vive la France! Australians show solidarity with Paris

#NotAllMuslimsAreTerrorists but the ones that killed in the name of Allah in Paris were absolutely Muslims.

Republican Candidates Urge Aggressive Response After Paris Attacks | brvbar; 64

From the Tobin you can see all of #Boston lit up in support of #Paris.

PARIS ATTACKS: Do YOU Really Care?   via

Three teams behind #Paris carnage  via

why'd ppl have to do Paris like that mann

My cousin didn't get to his apartment in Paris last night until 4 am. He lives 2 blocks away from where the restaurant shooting happened.

Paris doesn't care that you don't care.

Does posting on social media about paris helps?

JoyCookPR: Candles lit at vigils around the world to honor victims of Paris attacks: In the wake of t:    Joy Cook

One report today that at least one of Paris attackers checked in at Greece as part of refugee flood.

Am I the only one who thinks making the audience laugh is in dubious taste so soon after #Paris? #DemDebate

Bruh to hell with Paris, a school teacher was gunned down for witnessing a murder

how do you feel about the Paris attack?:) I love you

Well, my interest in debate ends right here, everything else is already told by candidates aside from attacks on GOP

Why Paris was attacked and how France may deal with terror strike  via

Us Americans have had our share of attacks on our nation. And what happen in Paris is a shame.

Paris hospitals had to scramble to care for more than 300 wounded from the terrorist attacks. By

International James Baldwin Conference 2016 | The American University of Paris

somehow I get the feeling after yesterday's attacks in Paris that Americans are less inclined to open the boarders

Video: Vigils mark site of deadly terrorist attacks in Paris

Many came to LOVE Park tonight to pay respect for those affected in Paris. #PrayForParis Photo credit:

Paris attacks reshuffle campaign in Democrats' second presidential debate

for real tho, what got taken down faster? Paris video? Or Dom's second channel?

I'm sorry to hear that. But pray for Paris!

Thinking of our French friends and colleagues in Uriage Paris at such a sad time #prayforparis

Watch Terrifying Shootout Between Terrorists  Police During Paris Attacks [VIDEO]

Not gonna pretend like I care so much by changing my profile pic. But condolences to those affected by the Paris attacks.

Funny how so many Filipinos sympathize with Paris but couldn't care less about the Lumads. This is bullshit. #SelectiveHumanityItIs

yaaa apparently he lead a prayer for Paris

Paris Attacks: Foo Fighters Cancel The Rest Of #foofighters #cuba #celebrity

This is what I also think of that Paris FB filter which I refuse to display!

ALL Your fun of Japan PRAY for PARISDon't forget your amazing party in TOKYOPRAY is VIBE,VIBE is PRAY for ALL PARIS ALL FRANCE

Paris: city and nation mournful, resolute in wake of attacks -

We have updated our profile picture to reflect support for those affected by the #ParisAttacks. We stand defiant against such attacks.

What a view! Bridge lit for #Paris.  Thanks for the picture.  #Prayers4Paris #yeg

Them pictures from over Paris is so painful to even look at

I woke this morning with a heavy heart morning the loss of life in Paris .

GOP presidential candidates react to Paris attacks - FoxTV World News:  via

D_O_P_E HIP HOP NEWS (Video) Stephen Colbert Fought Back Tears Breaking The News Of The Paris Attacks

College student from California studying abroad killed in Paris attacks | New York Post

I hate that ignorant people use tragedies such as the Paris attacks as an excuse to spout their vile racism. #ParisAttacks #EducateYourself

This tragedy occurring in Paris right now enrages me #fuckISIS

Terror in Paris: I Thought All Lives Mattered?  #ParisAttacks  #Paris #BlackLivesMatter #SyrianRefugees #Lebanon

New Blog Post (Video) Stephen Colbert Fought Back Tears Breaking The News Of The Paris Attacks

Prayer For Those Who Suffered in The Paris Attack:  via

Clinton, Sanders debate foreign policy after Paris attacks (from

Cruz exploits Paris attack to talk aboutChristian persecution  honoring anti-gay bigots #cbsdebate

#FollowForFollow Vigils held around the globe after the Paris attacks: Iconic landmarks around the world   #tfb

ATP improves Environment Tour Finals security following Paris terrorist assaults -

#News: Paris Attacks: First Gunman Identified, Investigators Question His Family: Police took into custody Sat

Paris Burns, Beirut Mourns! Lebanon Observes 'Day Of Mourni  |

A message of support 4 #Muslims  after #Paris  attacks is lighting up the Internet  via #ParisAttacks

California woman first American identified in Paris deaths

What happened in Paris,but this happens every day and every moment in #Palestine , Iraq,Syria and Libya and no one speaks.You Thing?

washdcnews: Paris attacks likely to dominate Dem debate

When boys go to Paris with you. ?

World mourns 129 dead in worst-ever Paris terror attacks; first suicide bomber named | The Times of Israel

Popular on 500px : Pray For Paris by Max_Lyon #Travel with us

I suggest buying a firearm and utilizing your right to bear arms because what happened in Paris could be us next.

Paris Attacks -- NFL Increasing Stadium Security For Sunday Games: The NFL will have a noticeab  #Entertainment

EDM BEAST SPORTS Roger Goodell Requests Moment of Silence Before NFL Games After Paris Attacks

#ParisAttacks #AC360 Time has come to stand with #Paris and support them as they supported the USA. They're #friends

Explore Parade in progress at Disneyland Paris #BingMaps

FIAF is en deuil We are all shocked and saddened by the attacks in #Paris and are thinking of our friends and family there.

How dense are you?  How many lives would have been saved, last night, in Paris, had they been allowed to have a gun?? INDEFENSIBLE!

I understand ppl b gettin mad when they see sum repetive but this Paris shit is serious

What do you hope to see from the #COP21 summit in Paris? #demdebatequestions #DemDebate

Let's Join the Hand  #Prayers4Paris . God bless Paris

#The Latest: Empire state goes dark in sympathy for Paris. #jobs #500K #: #The Empire State Building is dark i

I am disgusted by the attacks in Paris. More disgusted Canada wants to bring in 25K unscreened refugees.

While every1 has been mourning #Paris I have been mourning #Baghdad #Beruit #Palestine #Syria #Yemen, who ppl  the #MSM don't care abt #RIP

UK : First victims of Paris terror attacks named

Our love and support is with Paris from across the world. #Prayers4Paris

Anyone happen to catch what went down in #Paris yesterday? Everyone participating in this #DemDebate will let more of those who killed in.

Girlfriend's message to British victim of Paris massacre as details begin to emerge of th   via

I'm sorry but doesn't the movie Rush Hour kinda seem familiar to what happened yesterday in Paris?

Gun control is not about guns is about  gun control has leave them defenseless against terrorist attacks.

Do they think Paris attacks before UN Climate Talks was intended to scare world leaders to act on the most urgent issue ever? #Demdebate

top three trending news items on FB at this writing1. Paris murders2. ISIS leader killed in air strike3.

It's terrible what happened in #Paris. May Allah help them and I wish the victims and the survivors much strength

Paris attacks: Terrorists want to 'turn everyone against everyone', expert warns  #Sydney #News

And use it a reason to kill, bomb, terrorize, the rest of the world.  What happened in Paris is evil.

Pray on somebody how injurd in paris attack and God given power on they family to handal this unexpected time

Paris attack: No Indian among dead, security up at French Embassy in Delhi -

#prayforParis ive always wanted to go to Paris but now im not so sure its scary to think about what this world is becoming

Im checkin out of #HomeDepot the cashier asks if I was military, I say yes. Then she asks what I was going to do about Paris? #ParisAttacks

PARIS UNDER ATTACK | Islamic State owns up to deadly assaults

Traders_Edge: French Exchange Plans Normal Open as Paris Awakens From Attacks  #trading

#abc Paris Concert Hall Survivors Recall an 'Ocean of Blood': The parents of two said they kept thinking about

Now as proven by Prof. Chossudovsky sa globalresearch.ca, US is funding ISIS. If ISIS - Paris attacks  US and France are longtime allies..

Paris attacks is a example of what India faced in Mumbai terror attack

French consulate general to host vigil for Paris attack victims

SLIDESHOW:People around the world honored the victims of the Paris terror attacks.

Conspiracy Theory Tin Foil Hat Time. Same Chick in Paris, Sandy Hook, Aurora etc!

Interesting that this tweet was posted two days before the Paris Attacks. Hmmm. Funny coincident. #falseflag #paris

Brutality in #Paris .May god help those suffering there.My heart goes out to all those out there.Shameful act of violence on humanity.

A day after Paris attacks, Clinton cast herself as the strongest U.S. commander in chief in an uncertain world.

My heart is breaking for Paris. I was just there almost 3 weeks ago! Prayers to the families that lost loved ones.

Clergy members stream into St Andrew's Cathedral ahead of a prayer service for the Paris victims

What do the koombayah-ists want now? More understanding? More concessions? More welfare? More muslims? #auspol #paris #TheBoltReport

Jamaican students in Paris say they are safe. One student said he lives 20 minutes from the centre of the attacks.

I'd change my Facebook profile picture to support Paris if donated money for each person who changed theirs.

#EarthToParis My dog waits as 80 of our Salmon Windsocks 4 Paris dry. They will amplify the voice of #LummiYouth

I would like to have the superpower of teleportation, just go to USA, Paris obviously :D #contest

Glad to see that is not cancelled. Flying to Paris on Tuesday. Terror won't win.

I am sad that my kids are growing up in such an evil world. My heart and prayers are with #paris, I may not be there but u r all in my heart

oh that's cool! So was that just an added song because of the Paris incident? If so, what was the show that you went to see?

Also prayers to the poor family of Nohemi Gonzalez, the American girl killed in the Paris attacks, so sad

#bataclan it's 20 yrs and world has still not united in action  NARENDRA MODI misuse of Religion after 9/11 attacks

Naples French restaurants grieving attacks on Paris -  #winknews

yeah pray for Paris, but what about the other countries? Have you ever prayed for them?

it sucks to see that there's been a whole race debate about this Paris tragedy!

Now  just Paris was hurt yesterday!

Honestlyreally don't have no concern for the Kenya or Paris situations. They are facing judgement from God for their iniquities.

GG altered  spread an image of one of their regular targets, making them out to be one of the terrorists behind the Paris attacks

At least one man linked to Paris attacks registered as refugee-Anybody want to ask CT dems if still ok to bring here

#SYRIAN PASSPORT FOUND IN PARIS A FAKEIs this Mossad work? shame on for false propaganda#ParisAttacks#Syria

#BetterGetMaaco Bernie Sanders Stumbles on Paris Question - The Daily Beast

Paris attacker's possible link to migrant trail heightens E  |

Paris hiltons original, just me and can can. All of her perfumes are dope.

Who else heard about Isis terrorists killing people in Paris? Isis has stupid ideas, am I right or am I right? #ParisAttacks #Prayers4Paris

In Paris, Muslims hope for peace and brace for Islamophobia They've got good reason.

ALL profits from this video will go to those in need over in Paris and other countries/ cities!

Quick activation of social media crisis tools during Paris attacks #fb

Humanity doesn't exist in this world. I saw Syria being ignored by west, I feel nothing for paris. Looks casual!

Going to be giving the Paris end of Collins Street a miss for the next little while.

Feeling incredibly sad, not only about Paris, but over all the politicizing in its wake.

Even with his opening statement. Sanders talked Paris a bit, immediately pivoted back to his comfort zone. Which is the critique. #DemDebate

Guillermo del Toro Shares Harrowing Kidnapping Tale in Wake of Paris Terror Attacks

Names, nationalities of the dead emerge from #Paris terror

The upbeat ads preceding Paris Attack vids are not in sync with the world's grief.

The media stays hyping the ONE American killed in Paris. We get it. Not everything is about America. Damn.

Just want to watch lockup but noooo, there's damn full access  report about paris all night. Smh

Four Hours Of Terror In Paris: How The Attacks Unfolded: Seven Islamic State jihadists carried out the worst a

I would like to give all my prayers and condolences to all the victims who perished in Paris RIP #prayforparis

What happened in Paris was terrorism. But who did this act of terror? Was it a set up?

Is it that surprising? Paris resembles us, we resemble Paris. Generally safe place, free world. The fear is more relatable.

when it takes you 18 years to realize The Aristocats was set in Paris.

killed Paris [11/13]; Mumbai [11/26] 129  157 innocents respectively!

French Ambassador Calls  A 'Vulture' After Old Paris Tweet Goes Viral   The  is Dead.

My Deepest condolence to the people  Families of France (#ParisAttacks ).#Prayers4Paris#PrayersForTheWorld#Paris

Crud Really? Damn How senseless. *sighs* Our heart and prayers go out to their families  all those in Paris.

Belgium makes three arrests linked to Paris attacks: Police in Belgium made three arrests Saturday in c  #Paris

Paris sports book in Vegas doesnt have it either. After waiting 90 mins for gametime since they said they did. Grrrrr

Trudeau faces fiery foreign policy debut amid Paris attacks and G20Shared via the CBC News Android App

Holy Mass will be offered today at the Notre Dame Cathedral presided by Cardinal Vingt-Trois, Archbishop of Paris. #PrayforParis

I wonder why so many people changed their profile pictures Paris attack I know they were human beings ,

What happened in Paris was a horrific act.Period.Yes terrible things happen around the world everyday but that doesn't diminish this tragedy

We mourn for what happened in Paris, but that doesn't entitle anyone to DISS, JUDGE and CONDEMN Muslims.

Wtf are happening for this what pray for paris and whole muslims and the arabic country what fuck this #pray_for_islam

Mizzou Black Lives Matter Activists Cry After Paris Attacks Steal Media Spotlight

VIDEO: Vigils held around the world for Paris: Vigils are held in countries around the world as people show th

Went on some conspiracy sub and found a post about how Israel caused the Paris shooting.  People will straight up reach for ANYTHING dayum

We have to stand against hate showing there's love, goodness  support not only to family/friends, but to all human life #Paris #Beirut #fb

#AFP France mourns as details emerge on deadly Paris attacks - AFP: France mourns as details emerge on deadly

Officials: UConn dorm door vandalized; 'Mahmoud' and 'killed paris' found scrawled on tag

Paris attacks: European leaders link terror threats to immigration  refugees will be affected! #ParisAttacks

Excellent article on expanding scope of check ins, used in Paris for non natural emergency for first time.

Foo Fighters Cancel European Tour After Paris Attacks | Q106 3

Memories of another day- Paris in November - unforgettable!#paris #prayingforparis #france

Paris attacks: Theresa May to chair Cobra meeting - BBC News  #WePostNews

The terror attacks on Paris brings tears to my eyes. I don't understand how such an evil can exist. #Prayers4Paris

I know the attack on Paris was horrid but it is so beautiful to see everyone coming together and loving and becoming a unit.

Paris attack: ignoring warnings, mourners gather at sites where victims fell  (News) #brisbane #qld

Everybody Worried About Paris N We Got Our Own Problems In Our Own State

One too reach out to their friends in Paris need to pick up the phone rather than make an announcement in the newspaper

Reading - Bloodbath in Paris: At least 129 dead in series of terror attacks  via  -- a balanced account

The world mourns with the attack on Paris,farely a very small fraction compare to the number of muslim people killed by France #ParisAttacks

#DemDebate disappointed no one came out and said an attack on paris is an attack on usa, anthere should be  no mercy for isis #ParisAttacks

Birmingham French community, Muslims react to Paris attacks - WIAT 42: WIAT 42Birmingham French community, Mus

the country need our love n kisses this moment.I m  paris..I love paris#ParisAttacks

#Justinbieber remembers those killed in the Paris attacks at the HALO Hall of Fame Awards in New York, tonight!

Wanted to speak on Paris but it just wouldn't come out right

Two men linked to Paris attacks registered as refugee in Greece: police

Imagine how someone who lost a family member in Paris laSt nite feels when Bernie says climate change is a bigger threat than ISIS.

Paris has changed this presidential race in a way that favors GOP. Should be interesting from this point forward #ParisAttacks #DemDebate

[mi] Cops will prevent Paris attacks here, says Zahid

Marco Rubio condemns terror attacks in Paris

I agree with that Paris attacks would have been less deadly if people had guns  via

6 questions for Democrats about #Paris attacks amp;infin; 16:

I don't know what's up but how was this tweet sent 2 days before #Paris? #WTF

Paris attack is another 9/11 attack directed by US in order to create way for Syrian war

#Designer #beds 'Generous, funny and loyal' First Briton confirmed among Paris terror d

- what was Brennan doing in #Paris ?  Did you guy pull this bullshit off?  Hope you got another MLK bullet for me!

Our #LiveGibStrong daily Epi-Tip #14 ~and~ Prayers for Paris: * * * * *Our hearts, thoughts and prayers go out

Iran President Denounces Attacks and Postpones Europe Trip

Paris attack survivor saved by his cell phone.

Senility-----Hillary, Sanders, O'Malley: After Paris Attack U.S. Should Still Take Refugees  via

Sending love and prayers to Paris, France and all those affected X #peaceforparis

Thinking that one of my Internet friends could've been in Paris and could've died makes me sick to my stomach

Paris citizens supported the #BlackLivesMatter movement. But their government also hates black people

#snl removed the opening sketch to mention the stuff with Paris. Respectable.

In Paris, Muslims hope for peace and brace for Islamophobia via

Peace to everyone. RIP for souls esp killed in paris.

What you say about the attacks in Paris is one thing what about others like Choudhary?

Terror in Paris: Timeline, victims, reactions: Parisians woke up Saturday to a full realization of the horror

I see ppl comparing the #ParisAttacks w ongoing internal issues in other countries. Those are horrible, but Paris is not IN such a country+

UK to assess Paris attacks aftermath: Home Secretary Theresa May will chair a Cobra mee

I'm born into Your family. Your blood runs through my veins. I am Yours Lord. Blessed Sunday friendkeep safe and pray for Paris.

If your first reaction to #ParisAttacks is  expressing anger ovr the disproportionate media covg of Lebanon  Paris, u r part of the problem

The events in Paris deeply sadden myself and the Spaz Nation. Please take a moment of silence for those who lost there lives. #Prayers4Paris

God and religion had nothing to do with the attacks on Paris. It was all Satan's evil. #Prayers4Paris

Prosecutor lays out how three teams killed at least 129 in Paris terror spree - The Japan Times  #10tweets

#The Guy From Pittsburgh.  Episode # 665.  Paris update  Building 6 draw  via

may be no way that some people in this country condemn all Muslims for the attack in Paris because they are very minor here so

People with Paris flags in they avi are fuckin faggots

Paris terror attack: Names (and faces) of victims start to emerge  #ParisAttack #PrayForParis

Paris terror attacks: How to change your Facebook profile picture to

Paris attack: No Indian among casualties

Maddening statistics: 'Paris attacks are the deadliest in the Western world in over a decade' by

Shame on those people who changed his profile picture 158 people have died in Paris the whole world and the media

#Follow #TYBOGGIENYC Madonna's Emotional Speech on Paris Attacks: 'Why Am I Up Here Dancing And Having Fun Whil

everyone's talking about paris attack  Which i do condemn,but who's brave enough to talk about syria and iraq  attacks? #ParisAttacks

The publicity of #PrayforParis reflects how society puts one race above another. The # of deaths in Paris is about the daily # for Syria.

You are so full of hate. Please allow some compassion in your heart. POCs are suffering here just as much as ppl in Paris.

Democratic Candidates Stand By Refugee Views After Paris - Newsy

Trophee Bompard figure skating event cancelled after terror attacks in Paris  via

8 years ago today at the laundromat when I lived in Paris

Those people in the Philippines who marked that they were safe during the Paris Terrorist attack. Seriously????????

Our thoughts and prayers are with those who lost their lives in Beirut, Baghdad, Zabul and Paris  #NO2ISIS

Trudeau gov't will offer different low key approach.Other allies,US can denounce ISIS.Of course, we condemn Paris.

Another band canceling. Where will it end?!? #Paris #Parisattacks

Really good synopsis of ISIS and Dems, attack on Paris/ maybe also IS rep desendants of or type of Ismael too

World shows solidarity, tightens security after Paris attacks  [via

US Student Killed in Paris Attacks |  | Outlook Wires

(WSJ US) Paris Attacks Loom Over Democratic Debate: Debating a day after bloody terrorist attacks in Paris, De

KILLING HUMANITY : PARIS EQUALS PESHAWAR.

Police race to identify Paris attackers as Syrian passport found

PARIS WILL HAPPEN TO US NEXT IF WE DONT #arrestobama NOW

Thoughts, prayers, and condolences to all those affected by the heinous attacks in Paris. Condolences to the band

David Beckham unsure over Unicef charity match after Paris attacks  on

how do u get that Paris thing on sc?

#openculture Notre Dame gargoyle, overlooking the City of Lights. Paris, 1933. photo by Brassai.

Pardon my #French but #ISIS is full of a bunch of #fucking #cowards # Paris

why are people talking shit about paris smh let me pray for y'all too

Really?  After Paris it's not ISIS?

I will like to take this time to pray for those affected by tragedy that happened in Paris. God bless. #Prayers4Paris #PrayForPeace

Do you condemn attacks against Jews in Israel, Christians in several Muslim countries, cartoonists in Paris, Salmon Rusdie?

#Prayers4Paris message me if you are from Paris or near by I would be touched to help you or talk to you.

Al Jazeera: French police identify first attacker in Paris killings

Guillermo del Toro Shares Harrowing Kidnapping Tale in Wake of Paris Terror Attacks: After the deadly terror a

Wesner Michel; Paris terror attack: Names of victims start to emerge - CNN: Washington PostParis terror attack

#ndtv Paris Attacks May Reshape US Presidential Race: National security will be the focus of Saturday's Democr

Cannot accept migrants under EU quotas after Paris attacks: Poland -

Massive terrorist attacks in Paris; Church leaders call for prayers

I doubt there's anyone at this point who doesn't know about what happened in Paris. Still I don't see anything being done to help.

S**t why am i crying because of paris?

kindly RT'' TERROR HITS PARIS : The Empire State Building Will Go Dark For Paris Tonight  follow me

A candle's alight at for the people of Paris and all those affected by Friday's attacks #Prayers4Paris

why isn't Beirut getting as much attention as Paris. Are French more important than Lebanese?

#ParisAttacks : Omar Ismail Mostefai, a 29-year-old #frenchattack  citizen, identified as one of the attackers

At vespers tonight. celebrating life! Love to Paris!

Paris attacks provoke fresh migrant fears in Europe - Wink News

British Ahmadi Muslims Shocked by the Atrocity in Paris

my sincere sympathy with Paris victims n French people..

Sending Aloha from Hawaii to Paris. #Prayers4Paris

All the papers had to say was that Marilyn was found in the nude. #media #eltonjohn #paris #passports

Saturday Night Live    Pays Tribute to Paris In Opening Segment -

ISIS Claims Responsibility For Paris Attacks, Calls It The Beginning Of A Terror Storm: The graph shows  #Paris

JerrisonOracion: A great city. Hope it will get back on its feet soon. #Paris

Do you think any of the 8 Paris Islamic Terrorist know a Dem from a Repub?  Obama has been dictating ME policy for 7 years.

Paris Memorial Under Washington Square Arch, NY NY

Okay I know wat happened in Paris is bad but there are literally terrorist attacks daily in some countries!!!

BBC News: VIDEO: Vigils held as world stands with Paris

WATCH: Justin Bieber fights back tears on stage after Paris attack news:

this was downtown Vancouver tonight in support of Paris and France, the whole world is rlly behind u

Eiffel Tower goes dark as France mourns 129 dead in Paris attacks.

#pray for Paris.my prayers go to the people of Paris and France

Notice the coverage of Paris attack a.Time for our media and also politicians to learn ethics and discipline #ParisAttacks

***Live Updates*** Democrats Debate in Iowa Day After Paris Terror

European Champions Cup matches to be rescheduled after Paris attacks

I also wonder how Paris is so special! We experienced that in Kenya too bt the rxn paris has is very unique.

Why was Paris in the news when it was attacked, but Beirut was not in the news at all when it was attacked the day before?

We are coming back to see you! #prayforparis #paris #throwback

Iam sad for the deaths in Paris iam sad too for the deaths in Syria, Iraq and Islamic countriesInjustice will always have its negative acts

and forget Paris Killings.Justifying Paris killings and Return of Lalu with VYAPAM is dangerous

Yasiin Bey Addresses The Tragedy in Paris  Releases a Powerful Song (Audio)  via

- Our love and support is with Paris tonight. -Respectful.  Poignant. Classy.   #SNL

Russia steps up security after Paris attacks

Man Explains Why Gun Control Does More Damage Than Good After Paris Attacks!

ReTw DixonKind: BBC News - #Paris: The power, the horror, and the distortions

It's so sad how Muslims are rushing to show their condolences for the victims of the Paris attack but no one does the same for us

Trudeau came into power like 10 days ago and he caused the Paris attacks?

I know you have friends in Paris,  I feel the pain. I would take your away if I could. Be strong.  TLC

Cities Light Up Around the World After Paris Attacks | NBC Southern California  via

Retweeted UN Foundation  Paul Bodnar on weighs in on why #COP21 in Paris will be

My thoughts ang prayers go out to all the people in Paris. #PrayForParis

this tweet was posted on 11th Nov but the attacks only happened on the 13th. hmmm

The terrorist identified as Ismail is NOT an Islamic Terrorist but is a petty thief convicted 4 small crimes in Paris

THIS best journalism university in US? Mizzou, Black Lives Matter Complain: Paris Stole Our Spotlight!.

Retweeted Mike Bloomberg Thanks for the lift, I look forward to returning to Paris

It really is brilliant that Facebook created the safety check button that appeared in Paris yesterday but is this button only for Western

Whilst everyone talks about #Paris no one mentions the #ISISAttack in #Lebanon yesterday. I #Pray for both countries

Hanging on for Dear Life to Escape the Paris Assassins: As Isil gunmen rampaged through the Bataclan concert h

Emotional interview from mother of Nohemi Gonzalez, American student killed in Paris. Live

I miss shots of Paris Hilton in the crowd

Our thoughts and prayers are with our friends in #Paris and #Beirut. May your cities shine bright and drive out

we are worrying about who's party we are going to this weekend when people in Paris are dying.. such a twisted world

Keep Paris in your prayers, but not in the center.

Even so there was no mention of Islam on the front pages of the Paris newspapers.

Lol I see all of these celebrities saying Pray for Paris, but I don't see them there?

Pray for Paris. Let paris be filled with peace, love  friendship #prayforparis

I condemn the killing in Paris 1000%. But don't make propaganda AGAINST MUSLIM. Have a look.

Paris attacks: Couse of events, investigation, witness stories  via

why Paris only other countries sufferd

PoliticDemocrats, Especially Clinton, Face Pressure In Debate On Paris Attacks  #politic

Arizona authorities on alert after attacks in Paris - ABC15 Arizona

You are correct, those places have a history of it, Paris does not have it, that is why it grabs global attention

If Donald Trump uses Paris attacks as an argument in favor of guns, I'm gonna flip shit

Bro. Jason Mangrum opined in bracket in respect of France aftermath attacked in Paris; and l respectfully

Mom used to keep her passport in her wallet in case she met some fab man who wanted to take her to dinner in Paris. Hee hee

We all care about what happened at Paris. The whole world care about that. Wag mong idamay ang ALDUB iba na lang..

#Terror in Paris: Timeline, victims, reactions #jobs #money #work #United Kingdom: British Prime Minister Davi

While we sending prayers up for Paris let's send some up for #RondaRousey damnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn  #UCF193

Hope your Saturday went well. Best wishes and positive thoughts to the people of #Paris.

Hello.Heart goes out with victim in Paris

Paris Attacks: French flag Facebook profile picture | #JeSuisParis

The KL Tower lights up in solidarity with Paris.Malaysia is with you Paris!#PrayForParis

Death to ISISONE PARIS ATTACKER IDENTIFIED AS FRENCH CITIZEN ISMAEL OMAR MOSTEFAI, ACCORDING TO SKY NEWS |

The attack on paris wil nw define d new war on terrorism considering what the french president said. he said, their response wil b merciless

J'aime Paris. Get well. Rest in Peace.

#ParisShooting#Pray4ParisWe mourn with you Paris. You are not alone.

#Followback Why West must change ISIS strategy: The timing of the Paris attacks was perhaps de  #TeamFollowBack

Part 1 of #prayforparis On Friday the 13th 2015 there was a shooting in Paris.Over 40 people were killed.

French Clemson professor shares thoughts on terrorist attacks in Paris

Just because you don't have ties to Paris doesn't mean we should disregard their need for hope.. #justsaying

CNN: Opinion: After the #Paris attacks, the West has three stark options against #ISIS.

Rob Lowe defends Paris attack tweets after being slammed for comments

Gustave Caillebotte, Vue de toits, effet de neige / Rooftops in the Snow, Paris, 1878

Concert-goers flee Bataclan as terrorists attack (WARNING: Graphic content) - Allentown Morning Call #warning

IMAGES.  Paris headlines around the worldMillennial Monitor#MillennialMonitor

In Wake of Paris Attacks, Donald Trump Has One Question for Obama: 'Isn't NowAbout Time': Donald Trump pose

I pray for all terrorism victims in Syria, Paris, Iran, N/E Nigeria. End-time or not, may we all find and have peace.

#ParisAttacks: Reactions pour in as experts warn of further attacks in France   via

#ArabWomen #Arabs Paris attacks: Restaurant worker who saved two women: He waited for a lul  #MiddleEast #Women

Just finished an interview with Verizon News concerning the terrorist act committed in Paris

Brussels arrests three over Paris attacks

People react in front of the Carillon cafe and the Petit Cambodge restaurant in Paris, Saturday Nov. 14, 2015, a

The all world is trying to support Paris, but they must save themselves now. Paris didn't can to do this. #Prayers4Paris

#ParisAttacks  lets pray for people who killed in paris terrorist attactrip

Damn 129 Killed 350+ injured, pray for Paris.

10 things that have changed following Paris attacks |

#ParisAttacks I don't change my photos on FB, it doesn't mean I don't support France or Paris, there is a bigger picture to it.

but i ate at one of the restaurants in paris that they shot up when i was there

#039;Paris is on fire,#039; boasts jihadist social media - Politico #social

Praying for Peace all over the world. Paris, Kenya, a Nigeria and the rest of the world.

Paris, all of the world stands with you! #JeSuisParis #ViveLeFrance #ParisStrong #WeAreParis

Justin Bieber wins Halo Hall of Fame Award and honours Paris attack victims

New post: The Wall Street Journal: France says 7 militants carried out Paris attacks as death count rises to 129

Everybody forgot about Paris lol

#One Paris attacker reportedly identified as Ismael Omar Mostefai #jobs #500K #posla: #French authorities iden

#Paris attacks: Bataclan assailant named as Ismail Omar Mostefai

Tucson News Now: Paris suicide bomber called 'petty criminal;' police work to ID others

Strong leaders are not afraid to change course as the situation changes.  Paris attacks mark a big change.

Blue is for trust, honesty and loyalty. White is the color of new beggining. Red is the color of passionate love. 3Pray for PARIS :D

Raymond Ibrahim: The Grand Lesson of the Paris Jihad

First Paris gunman identified: One of the attackers who killed 129 people in Paris is identified as a Frenchma

How do people actually think the Paris attacks were a hoax??? Fucking stupid people these days

Travel Safety: Flying from Paris Charles de Gaulle this Sunday, November 15? Check for your gate number:  #CDG

It's a hella strong bit of symbolism not to light up the Whitehouse for Paris.

It's the most wonderful thing to see, that after such a terrible tragedy on Paris, so many people are showing so much support #Prayers4Paris

it is a very crucial attack in paris please condemn  to all

Slash, AC/DC, Guns N' Roses and More React to Paris Tragedy: '#PrayforParis'

Justin Bieber says a prayer for Paris before LA concert - Daily Mail

Founder and CEO of ISIS, Adam Sandler sits in his office blasting Niggas in Paris

Current attack on Paris will increase the hatred towards Muslim community in almost all the part of European  countries .

Paris Attacks: Australian authorities urged to take stock and bolster resources

It's the truth. Trump: Paris attacks 'different' if civilians had guns  via

#Pray for Paris #Pray for Japan #Pray for Syria #Pray Lebanon #Pray for Palestine #Pray For Humanity

Pianist Plays Cover of John Lennon's #Imagine Outside Bataclan in Paris  via

Paris, I'm thinking of you. Glad my friends are okay #NoFear #paris #Prayer #prayers #loveconquersall

Archbishop Justin's Statement on Paris Attacks

Yes supports ISIS  the terrorist attacks in #Paris and he lives is the #USA #RedNationRising #ccot #StopIslam #WakeUpAmerica

Final:    PHOTO GALLERY: Stadiums across the globe honor Paris victims

Pray for the people of Paris, yes.  But pray too for other victims of Islamic terror around the world.

Paris and the Failure of the Cultural Death Camps

A live response broadcast regarding the Paris attack. Tune in for analysis and a debunking of the mainstream

With the happenings in Paris, the US news pretty much only focuses on the American people who were in France at the time  not on the events

Weekly Forecast: Euro's Reaction to Paris Attacks:  via

Huffington Post - A Terrifying Account From A Survivor Of The Paris Concert Hall Massacre

Solidarity with Paris backed by world leaders arriving for the G20 summit in Turkey. reports #9NewsAt6

ISIS Mentionsn Nigeria In Paris Shooting (Pictured) -

AlArabiya_Eng: French man saved from Paris blast by phone   #ParisAttacks

DTN Australia: Paris Attacks: Australian authorities urged to take stock and bolster resources: Australian pol

they did, but not like the paris attacks at all.

FAILURE OF HUMANITYWhat happened in Paris was really really sad. What about the Bombings in Beirut? People who

Football Stadium Security Boosted After Paris Attacks, #NFL Says

//the L'Horreur Paris front cover: stunning and totally brilliant.

#IsraelNewsStory First Paris terrorist identified: Finger found at site of Bataclan music hall massacre matche

Prayers for Paris, Prayers for Japan, Mexico, Lebanon, Iraq, for the whole world.

#paris tweetstream going half the speed it was going yesterday

Paris suicide bomber identified by fingertip; Belgian police arr

Jane Richard, younger sister of Boston Marathon bombing victim Martin Richard, sends love to Paris  #news

Twickenham's Church Street shows its support for the people of Paris

just like #BLM #Mizzou showed empathy for Paris? No they complained about Paris stealing media spotlight.. hypocrite

Let not this cowardice reduce the scope of human courage and human hope. Solidaire avec vous #Paris

yes but black lives have traditionally been overlooked, RR speaks for these groups  Paris

This is the outcome of Paris shootings. Not dead bodies

I added a video to a playlist  kill paris - ellipse

As much as the attack on Paris saddens and angers me, how many days will it take the U.S. to match that number of

Sure oBUMMa open the doors.IDIOT !!!Two Syrian 'refugees' among seven terrorists in Paris attacks

Frenchmen Tony Parker, Boris Diaw express thoughts on Paris attacks: Frenchmen Tony Parker, Boris   #sport #nba

Damn so we can't enjoy a fight and still be aware of the Paris situation?

F*** the Paris Attack.I thank Allah and I pray to Allah that may everyday these infidels die brutally

2 d family of those affected by terrorism, from Maiduguri to Syria. Iraq to Paris, we mourn together

First Paris attacker identified: One of the attackers who killed 129 people in Paris is

Muslims are 'no more to blame for Paris th  via |

Isn't it amazing how Paris always finds a way to create poignant beauty even in the darkest hours?

Five Lessons from the Paris Tragedy  # via theworldpost

Final:    Violinist plays somber tribute for Paris at London vigil

Thank you for a night of uplift in dark times. (And for referencing Paris.) #AmazingMusic

#California #News The Latest: Chile says 3 citizens killed in Paris attacks: A ministry statement identifies o

This is how Packed the Paris Concert Venue was Right Before the Terror AttackDetails

Father of all comforts and mercies manifest your grace in the lives of every family in Paris today in Jesus name, #Amen!

The fact Donald trump used the Paris attacks to try and push political points is disgusting

Our hive's hearts go out 2 victims of Paris attacks  their families. May world's prayers 4 peace bring comfort from the grief #ParisAttacks

Ronda Rousey got beat. So social media will now try to balance Paris tragedy and a girl fight. #Ridiculous

Paris is a spoiled ducking cry baby

Sending my love to Paris! #Proud #FrenchAmerican Harriette Sucher #ParisSolidarity That's my Parisian picture!

Western Elites Already Spinning Paris Narrative to Their Advantage: European regimes may use the attacks as an

New post added at TUTUZ NEWS - Universal Music Group Executive Among Paris Attack Victims

STUPID FRENCH ASSIn Paris neighborhood heavily hit by terrorists, residents view attackers as victims  - World News

First attacker identified from Paris attacks -

why?  What aboat israel or sylria? Just for paris you are  jewish  for me ,all day or hour we hurting because they hate me. M

#ParisAttacks1 Man linked to Attacks registered as refugee in Greece2 Omar Ismail Mostefai is the first of the terrorists to be identified

Please don't use the Paris terrorist attacks as an opportunity to post your photo taken with the Eiffel Tower.

In the wake of the horror in Paris this weekend, we have no words. We stand with you, France. Art credit: Jean

Paris terror attacks: Three teams of attackers were behind seven co-ordinated assaults that killed 129 people

France would never blow up Paris and Bush would never let 9/11 happen?  Assad does worse daily to his people.  Why wouldn't anyone else?

Drenched in blacknessCity of light bathed in loveHeart of peace in prayers#MadVerse  #HaikuThrowdown  #haiku  #Paris

's message to the world following the Paris attacks . #AMWithHumanity #AMWithParis

French citizen is being said to be one of the attackers in Paris

#Pray for Paris. God save us all from the Act of Terrorism

And just like that Randa getting knocked out is more important than what happened in Paris  The Internet can be such as asshole sometimes

the tragedy that took place in Paris, shocked us all, and I want to support all those who suffered #ParisAttacks

Paris Shooting Appears Fake #falseflag | Events

Yes i knw what happend in Paris is happening in othr countries daily,thats y we cant we pray for Paris?what is wrong with maldivians?

Every heart is crying bcz of paris terrorist attack

Paris Attacks, What we know till now  what we don't,

*NEW REPORT*Following the devastating and unprecedented Paris attacks, the French police have identified the

PHOTOS: 129 dead amid violence in France: See photos showing the violence in Paris, France.  (Yahoo)

Our prayers and hearts go out to you, Paris xx

though human life and the loss is same the grounds aren't.Unfortunately Beirut has been a war zone not same as Paris

[NBCNEWS] Paris Attackers Used nearly Identical Explosive Devices: The explosives used in suicide attacks in P

Am I the only person on Facebook who didn't change there profile pic to the Paris flag?

Just because someone says that they are praying for Paris doesn't mean that they think only Paris is worth praying for!#prayersforParis

Sorry but i aint praying for Paris heyNo one prays for Africa and we have lost a lot of brothers from such killings but no one CARES!!!

#praying for all those affected by the attacks in #paris, #beirut, #russia. contemplating how such brutality happens  what the future holds

#NowPlaying Never Walk Alone - For the people of #Paris You will never walk alone, the world is with you! #PrayForParis

Batman never showed.Superman is invisible.Spiderman spins another tale.  #paris #edchat

Bono: Paris was first #039;direct hit on music#039; - USA TODAY #hit

Everyone talking bout Paris,what about Kenya???

May God Bless the victims of the Paris Terrorist Attacks.  This is France's 9/11.

Bastille Day, 14 Juillet 2015, Tour Eiffel, Paris Night, France.

#FOXnews PARIS ATTACKER IDENTIFIED  1 assailant who created havoc in capital reportedly a Frenc  #WorldRSSFeeds

#MakinaHD PARIS ATTACKER IDENTIFIED  1 assailant who created havoc in capital reportedly a Fren  #FamiilyPretty

The victims: Paris attacks killed at least 129 people from 15 countries

Nick Alexander memorial fund  via ~ murdered at concert in #Paris last night.  Band crew member.  #RIP - Ed

People are angry that the Paris attacks are getting more media attention than other tragedies around the world.

WIRED's 100 Hottest European Startups 2015: the Paris tech ecosystem is booming (Wired UK)

Are you trying to justify the killing of innocent people in Paris carried out by members of your favorite community?

Let's mourn the victims  celebrate this beautiful city. Audrey Hepburn Fred Astaire Bonjour #Paris#ParisAttacks

guardato su #Periscope: Sight of shootings Paris

Latest #ParisAttacks story: Investigation into Paris attacks continues as UK is braced for more fatalities

2 of the Islamic killers in Paris entered France posing as refugees. You  your people look pretty naive right about now.

Why all the terrorists bring their passports along while going for a suicide mission a similarity b/w paris attacks and 9/11 attacks..

The CBS Democratic Debate: Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders, and Martin O'Malley on The Paris Attacks, ISIS, An

I'm just waiting for boarding at 10 in Paris airport! It was nice to meet you. Keep in touch :)

[#Latestnews] Euro 2016 organisers pledge stringent security measures in wake of Paris terror attacks that lef

May the lost souls in Paris rest in Eternal peace till we meet again in Paradise.Lord have mercy on France#Peace4Paris

Paris terror suspects registered as refugees in Greece  #TEAMFOLLOWBACK

Many thanks, Jensen. Merci de Paris.

After Paris attacks, Ted Cruz vows to call out terrorism -

Obama calls Paris terror attacks 'attack on all humanity'  How true,the sons of Satan walk among us and must be removed from mankind

Paris is the petri dish for Western political monsters like oh bummer  cam a moron for future actions in Eur  US

Foreign victims of Paris bloodbath include several Arabs     #ParisAttacks

In our Churches today we'll cry out to God for the World, for Paris, for everyone that have to escape terror and persecution. #PrayforParis

What happened in Paris every day in Syria and Palestine to happen, who is responsible? #MuslimsAreNotTerorist

But essentially these terrorists attacked a hipster concert hall in Paris. Al Qaeda attacked the Pentagon and the WTC.

I'm disgusted by the Paris attack, but I'm also disgusted by the idea of war. You don't point a gun at the world and call it protection.

This shaThe Carnage In Paris and The Great Paradox, By Femi Fani-Kayode  via

Sarah Sea Patrol reaches a new level of stupidity.People aren't fleeing war in Paris and seeing as today's media

Up to u which paper 2 buy today but while some Scottish Sundays vainly phoned Paris from their desks actually had someone there

#Latest_News Obama in Turkey for summit overshadowed by Paris attacks | Reuters:  BELEK, Turkey U  #World_News

Madonna thinking of Paris in Sweden last night - La Vie en Rose Stockholm 2015-11-13. Rebel heart Tour  via

instead of focussing on unfortunate incidence in Paris,  your solely focusing on giving eminence to  unimportant elements

Have you heard the opposition in France blaming the government for the attack on Paris ? I hope Rao and team are taking notes.

First attacker identified from Paris carnageDunya News Tv

Paris, Selective Grief, and Outrage: When You're Brown, Your Screams Make No Sound.  via

Officials: No credible threats target U.S. after Paris attacks

#Paris pleure ses morts (par kam's) #ParisAttacks #PrayForParis

Please dont agitate against praying for Paris. You are being self righteous; a threat to peace anywhere is a threat to peace everywhere.

Regarding France, On Sept 27 France air force bombed and destroyed ISIS training camp in Syria.On Nov.13 Paris Attack

Yesterday, I was praying and my prayers are with those affected by the attacks in Paris due to a deluge of

Bye #Paris . I really hope you do have a happy Christmas

[ALERT] Six family members of named Paris attacker arrested: judicial source (AFP)

Paris attacks: what we know so far: Investigators in France, Belgium, Greece and Germany are trying to   (ExTr)

How come ISIS never attacks Israel? Something fishy#ParisAttack

R.I.P Paris we are with you be strong we should stand against ISIS.  #ParisAttacks

All these places are gun free zones, just like Paris!

Just in: Who was the Paris attacker identified by his severed finger?  #news

At this point in time I'm wondering if the Paris attacks weren't caused by feminists. We do so much

We have changed our Profile picture to tribute the lives lost, but not ever forgotten on November 13th in Paris, France. (1/2)

Pray for Paris because everything else happening in the world are just random casualties.

Events in Paris polarise opinion. Whatever the whys and wherefores, humankind needs to 'be kind' and pull together.

Mass. Police Step Up Security Following Deadly Paris Attacks

Paris attacks: identities of victims from more than a dozen countries emerge - the guardian

Thinking of those who lost their lives in the terror attacks in Paris this weekend. Our prayers are with their families. #PrayForParis

As Tragedy Strikes in Paris, Pinoys Promote Themselves  #JuanComPh

#pakistan# News World wounded, angered by Paris terror attacks

Photos: Aftermath of Paris terror attacks: Magnum photographer Thomas Dworzak covers the aftermath of the terror attacks in Paris.

Foreign intel services could be behind Paris attacks: Analyst

#039;Belgian police arrest several over Paris terror attacks#039;: Belgian police arrested several suspects

#Saudi warned some European countries of potential attacks 10 days before the Paris attacks; said ISIS member flooding Eueope since January

Paris attacks: identities of victims from more than a dozen countries emerge the world owes them justice #MolonLabe

about to do my #TFTD and the Sunday papers looking at the tragedy in Paris as well as ordinary life still going on

Barack #Obama joins summit in Turkey clouded by #Paris attacks

#Asylumseekers - Paris attacks: Syrian passport at Paris attack scene belonged to asylum seeker

Humbling reminder that the evil that struck Paris was not an isolated incident.

Couldn't have said it better myself. The Paris Terrorist Attack did not surprise me at all.

Yeah, let's pray for Paris, Japan, Lebanon but let's also pray for the rest of the world. How about #PrayforPeace

Paris attacks: Police move in one Bataclan concert hall- BBC News.

Amidst the Paris shootings, let's remember that those few Muslims don't represent every Muslim. Don't be this guy.

QT  Uniqlo shuts two Paris stores as Japanese firms in France take precautions

Leaders to correct finals statement of G20 summit following events in Paris  #IT

What we now know after Paris prosecutor reveals details of the attack

Paris Update: What we know so far about Friday's terrorist attacks in France

This is the moment gunshots were heard on Friday night as Paris police engage in gun battle outside the concert

One of the Paris gunmen named as Omar Ismail Mostefai, a 29-year-old French citizen of Algerian origin

Our thoughts are with all those affected by the tragic events in Paris on Friday.

Welcome to Imafidont Bright Blog: One of the Paris terrorists identified after his f

My prayers go to Paris and and all those in England and France be safe my friends

New details emerge in #Paris terror attacks

My heart is with Paris, pray for Paris world

Yahoo News : Kremlin's sherpa says statement on terrorism to address attacks in Paris

Wherever they target we'll stand united against terrorism. #peace #paris

Army football team honors the victims of Paris terrorist attacks by running on  - Businessinsider India

#Huffington 'Saturday Night Live' Pays Touching Tribute To Paris: One day after a series of coordinated terror

Praying for Paris. The city needs it, especially at this time. #Prayers4Paris

First Paris, Now Turkey , They will Extinct Humanity  then all humans;we don't needa attack Earth!- 2 Aliens were heard talking

ELECTRODANCE - Radio 100 % dance house electro music | PARIS ATTACK : MADONNA

Pastor Morin thanking God for safety abroad. Delivering her from getting trapped in Paris on the day of the Paris Bombing.#SundayService

new Paris show date Dec 20 Teatime

#ParisAttacks is an attack on humanity,but is an attack on a Paki/Afghan/Yazidi/Palestinian any less an attack on all of humanity?

I Condemed Paris attack and loss of rare lives.

I cant believe the news today, i cant close my eyes and make it go away .. Thoughts and prayers with the people of #Paris

I'm appalled at the double standards, people who never talk about humanity are all of a sudden touched by Paris.

#Live! G20 Summit begins amidst tight security after Paris attacks #jobs #500K #: #13:39 G20 Summit begins ami

#Paris massacre is an act of terrorism that has no religion. My deep condolences2the people of France. World must unite against terrorism

In pictures: Terror in the heart of Paris - Multimedia -

if you are flying today check your flight status with your airline as Paris aftermath will last for a few days,

Lets all pray for iraq and Paris and Lebanon and Kenya we all need to stick together #PrayForTheWorld

Paris attack: Police identify first gunman as hunt for terrorists goes on#ParisAttacks

how many people entered Paris? the UK must have took 1000s moreits only a matter of time..MPs do not listen

President We stand together with the French nation #Paris #13novembre

From #Paris With #LovePray , For #SyriaPray , For #IraqPray , For #PalestinPray , For #Burma_muslimsParis muslims not #terrorism

Video: Cameron warns of British casualties in Paris terror attacks - Yorkshire Evening Post

Holder of Syrian passport found near Paris gunman crossed Greece  via Reuters

Paris Attack Illuminati Exposed Part 2: If the Paris Attacks wasnt a false flag, explain how this tweet predic

In Paris, a soccer game, a dinner out, a rock concert - and then terror. #news #Philly #Philadelphia

Even moneygram changed their receipts to show love for Paris. O ga o

Don't be an idiot, Paris must pray for Paris. When shxt gets turnt in our Continent , they send SOLDIERS not PRAYERS to FSU even more.

The Paris attacks reveal a systemic failure of counterterrorism institutions:

Poland will not take refugees under EU scheme after Paris attacks   via

#MessageToISIS: We do not fear you. We care about each other. #Humanity will beat violence. Stay strong! #paris #beirut #syria #iraq

Bangladeshi painter Shahabuddin recalls the 'horrible night' in Paris  -

Paris Attack: See how Pregnant woman clinged to window edge in desperate attempt to flee(Photos)

Foo Fighters Cancel European Tour Following Paris Attacks - PopCrush

i agree with u, (and they chose the wrong picture for Paris) but the things that happen in Iraq and Syria matter just as much

What has happened in Paris breaks my heart.This violence needs to end.So scary to think this could happen anywhere.

Australia's federal Parliament House lit up for #Paris

Can you honestly say that if #Islam didn't exist this horrific senseless attack on #Paris would have occurred? Time for people to wake up!

Paris natives in US say city will not live in fear: brA Paris native living in Maryland says

Paris Attacks: Why terrorists may have chosen rock venue -  via

PEOPLE NEED TO UNDERSTAND. THAT the bombings in Syria aren't IGNORED IN FAVOR OF PARIS, A FREE CITY. IT'S MORE OF A SHOCK that's why

The Eiffel Tower this morning in Paris. Photo by Andrew Meares

#News Paris Terror: Investigations spread across Europe: Follow our live blog for all the latest news and anal

Today's Soho Walk with Old Maps is dedicated to the People of Paris. Let's do it!

24 hour news haven't deviated from Paris for days. It's a big story but when there are no developments report something else.

#paris attack, words 4rm  true pakistani

After Paris attacks, terrorism takes center stage at second Democratic debate, report +

Coldplay Holds Moment Of Silence, Plays Imagine In Paris  via

My thoughts  prayers are with you  Paris. Sending courage and so much love #PrayForParis #PrayForPeace

#NHL #hockey Tampa Bay Lightning remember the terrorist attacks in Paris

I wish I knew. Je suis Paris.

Praying with Paris and the affected Nations too

Don't give up on us, Earth. You're the only one we've got!  #Paris

see it ,say sorry and pray for PARIS

OMG!! How could they? Attack was on 13th Nov  time stamp on this tweet is 11th Nov. #ParisAttacks

Ik vind een van leuk:  What You Need To Know About The Paris Terrorist Attack

As Paris Burned, Obama Was Ordering More Muslim Migrants To Be Admitted To U.S. Needs to be dealt with

Retweeted Edinburgh Airport As a mark of solidarity with everyone in Paris - and for peace

Paris terror attacks: Police identify first gunman as hunt for terrorists goes on: Omar Ismail Mostefai has been named by French poli

French expats in the UAE react to Paris attacks-

# i love pakistan Paris attack was work of three teams, an act of war by Islamic State: France

No one mentions the isis attack in #lebanon yesterday. #paris

Would it come out as heartless if I said I don't even care about Paris?

Paris Attacks: Cinemas to Remain Closed on Sunday

I strongly condemn these non human attack #ParisAttacks

PHOTO OF THE DAY: A couple embrace in front of The Arc de Triomphe, Paris (1960).

3.All over d world now,dps are being changed for Paris killings,call for prayer for Paris rents d air,do their lives matter more than ours?

just a very ill timed joke Scot regarding the attack in Paris bud

After Paris Attacks, Pressure Builds For Big Military Response to IS: Washington: The Paris terror attacks are

The boys did a minute silence for Paris before the session started and I gained even more respect for them

Paris getting people charged up.

U.S. News  World ReportObama heads to G-20 with new urgency following Paris attacksU.S. News  W  #obamarocks!

Professional Video of Madonna's Paris speech last night -  #PrayForParis

yes our prayers are with you Paris

Tributes for Paris Attack Victims in Beijing - Chinese students and French expatriates offer condolences at Fra

We stand with Paris. Don't let terror win.

Paris attacks: Girlfriend of British victim breaks down at makeshift vigil: Polina Buckley, who   --Full Story

The ever-excellent Paul Rogers on the Paris atrocity, and after, [via

#Paris  Im sorry  for what happened in Paris , but this happen everyday and every moment in Palestine and Syria , And no one speaks

when u look at it, Paris is a very important place for TD. That's where they performed as 12 for the last time.

Still my favourite Dreams Light  Firework Show, Disneyland Paris

German arrest for car full of machine guns, explosives linked to Paris attacks: Reuters reports that a German

BREAKING: Paris attacks must not prompt rethink on refugees: EU chief Juncker |

Her parents are in Paris rn. I hope they're okay..

#BFMTV: Paris police sources say the 2 Syrian passports found on terrorists were fakes  probably issued in #Turkey

France was as well prepared for this as Britain. The only difference is luck: Paris terror attacks

Reuters Video: Celebrities react to Paris attacks

Car used in attacks found in Paris suburb: Police  via EconomicTimes

Regarding the Paris massacre - now it's grieving time. A nation and her supporters need to grieve the senseless

not when she's dealing with something like Paris. She enjoys the tragedy of it all. As if they aren't suffering enough

Grief porn strikes. Mourn #Paris. Mourn #beirut too or anyone murdered by terrorists anytime! stop controlling grief perspective.

I'm still so shocked about paris #MTVStars Justin Bieber

Experts saying Paris pattern similar to 26/11. I'd say not similar as Paris media is much sane and patriotic #ParisAttacks #Prayers4Paris

kathniels prayers are goes to people in paris, please be safe everyone #PSYBeginAgain

The attack in Paris becomes so much more real when they start putting faces to numbers.

Bono addresses Paris attacks: 'This is the first direct hit on music' U2 frontman says |

Paris Terror and the US - Connecting the Dots  | #tcot

TOI: World stands united in condemning Paris attacks: PM Narendra Modi at G20 Summit: The official agenda at t

There's a campaign to get EODM'S 'Save a Prayer' to UK No.1 in light of the Paris Attacks: submitted by  Mande

Time for engagement, not fearful retreat -  #paris  via

Total respect for dedicating Banner and her show to Paris

Hi Hanna, I work for Channel 4 News. I'm so sorry about your recent experience in Paris. We were wondering if you'd be willing

Kremlin says too early to talk of rapprochement with West after Paris attacks   via

#askzoella how do you feel about the attack in paris?

Atyms I wonder. Is it that dere are filtered Qur'an versions dat says ul enta paradise by killing 'infidels'?? #ParisKilling #Rip #paris

Our thoughts are with the people of Paris. Stand strong! #peace #peaceforparis #worldpeace

Stop using the Paris attacks as an excuse attack Labour. Sick Tory fucks.

As Paris reels, investigators piece together the attackers' stories

paris this paris that, bla bla bla! what about our fellow Africans who are being killed ko Nigeria?

Holder of Syrian passport found in Paris attack sought asylum in Serbia  via

Facebook Paris Safety Check: After criticism, Zuckerberg says will activate it : Facebook's Paris Safety Ch

Several Kalashnikovs found in car abandoned in Paris suburbs after attacks: judicial source #BREAKING #AFP

I think #France intelligence should know better,if there is 10,000 radical muslims in #paris, they are a ticking bomb,simply kick them out!

Thank you for the minute of silence that you did for Paris. It was respectful from you. Love you to the moon and back.

Another passport found at the scene these terrorists love going out with their ID on them

Jeff Buckley - Eternal Life (Live From The Bataclan, Paris, 1995)  via

ZeeNews outfall of Paris attacks, Muslims being discriminated.  World becoming intolerant after Modi's tours

#ParisAttacks: #France names first attacker, vows to destroy #ISIS

In memory of the people who died in Paris during the 13th of November terrorist attack

Paris attack: Photograph emerges of 25-year-old attacker who posed as a refugee to enter France via Greece  #TheNation

Cavani and David Luiz wants to leave PSG after the attack in Paris O_O

For all those who think Jews are behind the Paris attacks. The venue where most deaths happened was owned by Jews.

Paris Attacks: Impact on Indian Stock markets

Frederic Pelanne  all his team are thinking  praying for all the french people that have died on Friday in Paris..

Paris attacks live: Video shows moment gunmen opened fire in Bataclan concert hall - The Independent

Top story: Paris attacks: 'Prepare for Welsh casualties' - BBC News  see more

From #Beirut, this is #Paris : In a world that doesn't care about Arab lives

First #Paris attacker identified and arrests made as hunt for accomplices widens. Follow my updates here:

Melbourne in state of vigilance following Paris terror attacks  (News) #melbourne #victoria

U2 - Running to Stand Still (Paris, 1987)  via

Pray for Paris but pray for the world more. To all terror attacks in all over the world and Suriah crisis refugee, we are with you.

May I Ask You Is Paris Now A #hotbedofterror #whatisafather #kenya7s

Paris attacks: How will France respond?: President Francois Hollande has called the worst violence witnessed i

#samsonhorla Belgium to deploy army for Spain game in Paris attack aftermath: The government ha  #teamfollowbak

The Baticlan Concert Hall memorial in Paris at noon today in Paris

Obama State Department Promotes Peaceful Islam After Paris ISIS Massacre - The Gateway Pundit;Didn't read the Qur'an

i was just retweeting it. my prayers are for paris parin no. :P

FIA president Jean Todt criticised for comparing Paris murders to road traffic accidents #F1  #BrazilGP

And you know the gig of in Paris supposed to be at the same place where the tragedy finds

Right to bear arms is crucial! Paris massacre: At least 128 killed in gunfire  blasts

Paris survivor says gunmen circled 'like vultures'

this German man in Konstanz played yesterday in Paris in front of the Concert Hall

With thoughts for colleagues at and all the people of Paris and France.

MPJP condemns the attacks on Beirut, Baghdad, and Paris. We condemn terrorism in any form. We stand with all people of justice worldwide.

LIBERATION OF PARIS WWII COLOR FOOTAGE COMBAT MOVIES 71092  via

what happened in paris is an attack on humanity - obama

Ya'll be changing your profile pictures on fb to Paris like it's all that matters. What about the middle east? I'm so shocked and sad.+

Jews had info about Report  Syrian Passport to ISIS Terror   #Islam #Iran #France #Paris

Our Symbolic Interfaith Dove of Peace - with prayers for the people of Paris and for everyone our troubled world.

Is it time to hit Paris with airstrikes to rid them of their terrorists seems to be a solution for Iraq Syria etc

+been terrorised and effected just as much as Paris :( we need to be praying for the world, not just for Paris

peace will win, fear will lose.stay safe. stay alive.keep praying for paris. keep praying for the world.

Which is essentially fair but be reminded that attacks in Paris, Australia, and England committed by immigrants.

Paris Attacks Suspect Identified: French investigators have identified one of the attackers who killed 129 people

#France: My deepest thoughts on this Sunday are with the French People, Family Victims Loved Ones and Friends of Paris.

Polish, Slovak officials put the kibosh on EU refugee plan after Paris attacks

#Kremlin says too early to talk of rapprochement with #West after #Paris attacks

No flags from Syria, Irak, Afghanistan on socialmedia and buildings worldwide when attacks kill people there. #strange #paris #ParisAttacks

It was merely the only picture at the time showing respect for Paris, you're worrying too much

The Paris attack followed another suicide attack in Beruit the day before killing 41.   #marian

As I suggested yesterday when media was issuing conflicting reports abt passport being found on and near an attacker

Up to 30 bodies of victims in Paris attacks have yet to be identified -  via

#AskZoella what do u think about actions in Paris?

For Paris, Make Love Not War, Remain Free and Be Green  via

UK: Paris Explosion Heard During International Football Match

Watch: Madonna In Tears At Gig Over Paris: The singer admits she considered cancel  News

RelaxInParis: chaneyturner5: #EiffelTower closed after Paris attacks

Obama says stands with France in hunting down those behind Paris attack

In photos: The world sends Paris its love

and alot were saying that their narrative of systemic racism was much more important/tragic than paris

It's becoming clear that the 3 Paris restaurant attackers got away

#Luxembourg Ambassor in Paris : No Luxembourgers thought to be among Paris attack victims  via

Paris Attacks: Facebook Activates 'Safety Check' for Paris Users

I wish to extend my heartfelt condolences on the death of french citizens in Paris last friday.I pray for there soul

The Islamic State : statement on the attacks in Paris

Poor Roger Waters, losing 8 good friends like that in #Paris

Friday, October 13 1307 in Paris Definitely a connection

yeah, I know. And I'm not saying shit in Syria or elsewhere invalidates heart-break over Paris

I wonder y terrorist always missed their passports after every attacks #ParisAttacks

Daily Mail seem most on the ball in reporting Paris. In terms of being first with news  reporting more news.

ok so I've seen heaps of posts shaming people for supporting Paris, and not all the other cities, and yes I agree that it's absolutely slack

How can we know abt. Beirut/Baghdad attacks when MSM choose to ignore it ??Its absolutely their fault ,they're biased in showing paris attk

#cbs: Intel chairs push for robust response to Paris attacks  #usa

Footage Shows Gunfire Erupting at Paris Concert and Shootout With Police | VICE News

Paris attack puts dagger through heart of liberal Europe  via

Despite the awful events in Paris. We must consider the global impact of terrorism. Start here:

Eagles Of Death Metal Crew Member Dead In Paris Attacks: GF

Showing love for Paris at the Ravens game. #prayforparis

Still very surreal! Ecstatic to say she is safe and sound!Central Texan escapes explosions during Paris attacks

AK-47s were found in a Paris getaway car

Seraphin ballin outprops for him going Anthony Mason-style with the Paris cut out in the back of his hair

VIDEO: 'Free hugs' on the streets of Paris  #News

The death of Paris is yet another's blood stained on my hands. Even more reason for me to be with my sweet Juliet. (Act 5, Scene 3)

ICYMI: #Mizzou Protesters Upset That Paris Attacks Have Taken Their Spotlight

More gunfire reported in Paris, sounds of ambulances and sirens near sky news live position #ParisAttacks

french flags paris flags same thing

I liked a video  Paris attacks: Who was Omar Mostefai?

AZAM KHAN , MINISTER IN UP GOVERNMENT, INDIA SAID THAT THE PARIS ATTACK WAS REACTION TO THE ACTIONS OF SUPERPOWERS. ARREST HIM.

In traffic to vs Giants. The #freedom tower from the NJ side. The significance is not overlooked. #Paris.

This Survivor of The Paris Attacks Filmed The Moment When Concert Shooting Began  via

Paris attack suspects may still be at large, source says - CNN International

Panic at Paris attack sites after police storm one

idiots don't understand that refugees are fleeing the ones responsible for Paris attacks.

Iraq warned of an imminent assault by ISIS before the Paris attacks: Iraqi intelligence said the group's leade

The death toll in Paris has risen to 132 after 3 more people have died in hospital.

Got news that my cousins who travelled to Paris are safe.

The players will wear a black ribbon on their shirts to honor the victims and families in Paris.

[New York Times] Manhunt Underway as Investigation of Paris Attacks Widens  [United States]

Even worse, they seem to be setting them off in Paris too! #mindless

France - Travel News - Paris: Unconfirmed reports of shooting at Rue St-Martin, 2 false alarms le Carillon + Place dl Rep #travelawareness

Keeping Paris in our prayers(and our lights) this morning.

The mood in Paris: A grieving city set to return to business with tight securit  ff

have any idiots asked you why you don't care about Paris yet?

Dona Nobis Pacem Kyrie eleison #paris

like what's happened in paris n stuff

Main difference #2 between Democrats  Republicans. UCF Dems are setting up an event for Paris, while the Repubs are doing.

US shootings kill more than Paris every year. NO MORE WARS. We don't need their oil, we need new infrastructure/jobs/education

I made this meme. I thought it was perfect for #paris. Your face says it all. #MarilynManson

The fact of mourning Paris but not Beirut, or Kenya, or Yemen, or Siria, or America (yearly death count by guns, higher than terrorism) is

#Paris attacks: Gigs cancelled as bands pay respects brvbar; 38

#Paris : Mass at Notre Dame Cathedral is held for victims of the #ParisAttacks

Paris: I Do Not Dissociate Myself:   Less than 48 hours have passed since the devastating series of attacks in

Surely it is a tad insensitive to be letting off fireworks or firecrackers in Paris at this present time. Place de la Republique

The Egyptian who was in Paris is actually from Alexandria and he was a victim not a terrorist!!!!!!!!!

Paris terrorist suspect 'was rescued near Greece after his refugee boat sank'

We should lobby for Paris victims for a class action suit against Daesh. Delivered by ground and air just to be certain they get it.

Manhunt underway for suspect in Paris attacks

honestly disgusted that people are already using the attacks in Paris as a political statement. Please be decent and allow time for mourning

Just commented on What we know so far about the Paris attackers -

New York, Stockholm, Los Angeles Ces concerts qui saluent Paris

UPDATE: Two attackers identified, 7 detained in Belgium in connection to Paris attacks

my thoughts go out to all the people who were murdered in paris and their families 3

How should I feel about Paris?

So u live in Paris, correct?

Paris Attacks: French Police Launch International Manhunt for 'Dangerous' Suspect - ABC News  #policeworldnews

Great column by British conservative Peter Hitchens on Paris attacks.

businessinsider: Turkey foiled an Istanbul terror plot on the same day as the Paris attacks

hey Bro are you and your your family ok? thinking of Paris of course

Asif there's still a terrorist on the run in Paris, for goodness sake do us all a favour and end yourself before someone does it for you

Video: SNL opens show with touching tribute to Paris

Fucking priceless lol  Poland cannot accept migrants under EU quotas, following Paris attacks

In light of the Paris attacks, should we now refuse refugees to the uk?

Breakfast brunch at The Paris hotel? Never ending mimosa's? Yes please!

This piece from on the history of the Stade de France and the Paris terror attacks is a must-read

I liked a video  Dem Debate Part 1: Candidates address Paris attacks, ISIS

Paris manhunt shifts to Belgium as suspect hunted  via

CNNParis attack suspects may still be at large, source saysCNNParis (CNN) Reflecting just how ner

A missed wrinkle in popular discussion of #ParisAttacks: they happened along with attacks in #Lebanon and #Iraq

Dubai in solidarity to the Paris attacks via  #FailingTheHonest

FRANCE24: A look at some of the French victims of the Paris attacks

We'll Always Have Paris #opi #color #parisjetaime #parisforever #unitedwestand Soles

The incident of paris is heart shakingI condem all terror activities in the worldAll the nations of the world have to practicaly unite

Mark activated change DP for Paris.Why soo many morons are soo upset for this. Comeon if you hate Facebook just deactivate your profile.

2 weeks and nobody will remember paris attack just like APS attack

So many are now wide awake thank goodness: Deep State Paris Massacre Exposed:

The Eiffel Tower remains closed in Paris. Photos

please support our charity fundraising at the Boon WH for paris at  #Pray4Paris

UK official already exploiting Paris attack to demand passage of new spy law

#certified Paris Attacks: Manhunt For 'Dangerous' Suspect: Police warn the public not to appro  #teamfollowback

Given that our bombing campaign did nothing to prevent the attack in Paris, the con lusion the more bombs will is suspect.

I wonder how people who are not on social media, get breaking news? FB Check In let me know a friend in Paris was safe, another in danger

Our God has bigger bombs than your god. #Paris #ISIS

Spontaneous gathering at the Senedd tonight. We are with the people of Paris tonight

#Pelicans PHOTO: Knicks' Kevin Seraphin shaves 'PARIS' into his hair: While New Orleans Pelicans c  #NewOrleans

Paris was a small scale dress rehearsal for the opening night in the US!

MegaBrainCipher. Being an absolute cunt about Paris.

Because we started bombing them first?  So theirs is a counter attack?  Thanks Harper.

Trump and The Daily Mail's response to Paris were far from hitting the nail on the head

As Paris Burned, Obama Doubled Refugee Processing in Terror Hotbeds

POWERFUL PROOF PARIS ATTACK WAS A STAGED EVENT

Paris Attacks: Iraq Intelligence Warned of ISIS Attack

Please share so that all the world may know #islam #ReligionOfPeace #PaisAttacks #PARIS

People with politically aimed ideology don't like being exposed as wrong, hence the attacks aimed at #PrayForParis #ParisAttacks

So Paris has full live media coverage while Lebanon and other small countries have little to none wow

the people who set off those firecrackers at that Paris vigil are utter cunts. why would a thought like that even cross someones mind?

How tech firms responded to Paris attacks: Facebook's Safety Check used in first man-made disaster, emergency r

Syrian passports found at Paris attacks scene fakes made in Turkey

you're a disgrace. Uber cashing in on the fear and panic around Paris and you praise them? Fucking joke of a paper.

Basically, a weak man looking for fame  false power, cowardly enough to attack unsuspecting innocent people. Meh. #ParisAttacks

#PrayForParis #France #PeaceForParis - from Bay Head, NJ, along the #JerseyShore. I compassed it directly at #Paris

This Woman's Facebook Post About Pretending To Be Dead During The #Paris Attacks Is Going Viral #Bataclan #France

LATEST DETAILS -- Manhunt Underway as Investigation of Paris Attacks Widens - The New York Times

Here is what we know so far about the suspects in the #Paris attack

#Madonna pays tribute to Paris by performing 'Like a Prayer'  #viralvideos #music

The people of Paris and the people of France are amazing. Fraternal defiance, this is why the terrorists hate them so much.

Facebook expands scope of Safety Checks following Paris attacks: Facebook expands scope of Safety Checks follo

Obama, Putin find common ground on Syria after Paris attacks: US president Barack Obama vows   #australia #news

no babe, i am the same as you, especially with what is happening now in paris. i'm so afraid..

idiots -people DIED in Paris - not just got their feelings hurt - selfish fools

Please do not be terrorized by the tweets of the hateful. God loves you and so do I. Prayers to the victims in Paris.

I don't believe he's looking for the bad in people praying for Paris. simply stating that it's going unknown  unadvertised to

Just like the WWF. All a big fix. Oh the controversy, meanwhile in #Paris something big is happening #bbc #Trump to get in

Paris terror attacks: Second terrorist named as Ahmed Almuhamed -

To everyone who thought Manson + Jeordie were either in danger or actually going to perform in Paris tomorrow: you're dumb as fuck.

CIA's Mike Scheuer validated yet again with #terrorism motivation for #ParisAttacks as well:  #Paris

Names, nationalities emerge from Paris terror  WHY DOES THE WORLD HAVE TO SEE THIS KIND OF HORROR AGAIN??

PARIS Timelapse in motion 4K 2014 (ArtamonovTV)  via #pray4paris

Wonderful that around the world, cities joined in solidarity with Paris, lighting in blue, white,  red.

It's kind of sad how some people sort of trivialise the Paris bombings.

Panic in #Paris as hundreds flee false alarm

A Swedish couple fled #Paris after a near-death exp., similar to what refugees face but w a click,not psychic traumas of bodies on the move.

but (be fair!) the last great Paris butchery was by the atheists of the Revolution. They hated Christians loved a guillotine

So sad for the paris attacks on november 13

'Je suis Paris': Global solidarity in wake of terrorist attacks

BREAKING NEWS on #Periscope: Paris chants with Euro. #euroscope #fb #parisattacks

so sad! My favorite cities have been attcked. New York twin towers (I was there the week before) and now Paris.

France Mourns and Seeks Clues to Those Behind Deadly Paris Attacks - TIME  #economy

Tonight, will host a candle vigil at 7 at the Remembrance Wall for the recent attacks in Paris, Beirut and Russia.

New post added at TUTUZ NEWS - Paris Attacks: Celebrities Worldwide React on Social Media

is STILL claiming Egyptian passport linked to Paris attackers AFTER twas shown this morning to be that of critically injured victim

We wish strenght and courage for all affected by the attacks in Paris - We live on - We will remember

you can mourn Paris all you want, but never, ever, forget the Middle East. #FreeTheMiddleEast

9alik je suis Paris ya zebi shouf khawtik el muslimin that are dying every single day at the hands of these 3tays n then give me ur shit

Breaking: Obama, Putin huddle in wake of Paris attacks -  | search

Watch SNL's Moving Tribute to Paris, Featuring Cecily Strong via

Paris you won't want to read this.. but need to #radicals

Islamic Society of Central Jersey condemns Paris attacks  via

Conservatives Use Paris Attack To Demand That President Obama Resign From Office

listening 2 ur new album  thnkin bout th Paris attacks maks m feel tht th whole world nd 2 listen 2 t, there is so much hope in t

That last retweet is a very moving 15 minutes of radio. Well worth a listen #paris

Schoharie resident has near miss in Paris attack

The #NFL expresses solidarity with #Paris. #BaltimoreRavens run on the field with a French flag  minute of silence

Read this if you can. It is beautifully written by a beautiful soul, who survived in Paris.  Love  Peace.

The Americans just can't get away with their Orwellian double game anymore after #Paris they hav e to be seen to act now

What happens to the humanity really sad after Paris attacks may god give strength to there families

genorosity of any human is that he must've love for humanity.pray for Paris innocent victims

Paris attacks: manhunt on for eighth terrorist: French and Belgian police have issued an international arrest

A Day Before The Paris Attack, Suicide Bombers Killed 43 In Beirut ~ R.I.P. Adel Termos  via

France was warned of imminent ISIS terror attacks just ONE DAY before Paris atrocities

The Paris Attacks: Portraits Of Some Of The Victims: The victims were mothers and fathers. Some loved music an

completelly agree!  Also here in IT we are worried! Consider that last week I was in Paris for my Job! !!!

[TTB] Paris Terror Attacks: Weapons Found In 'Getaway Car'

There will be no mercy, says Hollande. But isn't that what we ask the one who carry out these awful attacks - where is your mercy? #paris

Crazy that the bombing in Paris happened right down the street from my aunts apartment but she happened to be in Germany that day #blessed

We send our sincere condolences to the parents of the victims in Paris attack and to French People.Peace on earth!The voice of voiceless!

#HillaryClinton #HRC In debate after Paris attack, Hillary Clinton finds foreign policy a str  #UniteBlue #Tcot

I denounce the attacks in Paris, and i refuse to acknowledge isis or isil or whatever you call them, as Muslims. They're are satanic plagues

hey bro would u pls tweet #Tribute4FrenchTofees to ? their admin died in Paris attacks, huge thanks

REPORT, PARIS TERRORIST WAS RESCUED REFUGEE, OF COURSE, WHAT ELSE? STOP SAVING THESE MONGRELS..

Y'all really gonna basically down play what happened in Paris because what happened in Kenya did get enough coverage.

I warned that the ISIS was using the migration to penetrate Europe. Now 2 of the Paris attackers did just that. So?

Paris attackers 'wanted to enter' national stadium: Paris attackers 'wanted to enter' national stadium Three s

Economic News - Terror in Paris dominates 'somber' G20 summit: Read full story for latest details.

DTN Japan: In the space of about 30 minutes, Paris subjected to horrifying terrorist attacks: The attackers wo

some members of BLM are and some are also praying for Paris. We can't generalize. (Not saying you are - just clarifying)

'Please don't send photos of Paris dead. However, publishing drowned refugees photos still approved'

Retweeted Agence France-Presse #BREAKING Death toll in Paris attacks rises to 132 after three die: hospitals

Mayor says five arrested in Brussels raids linked to Paris attack..

Never thought I would say I was happy to hear my daughter was in Iceland. But at least she is no longer in Paris.  #ParisAttacks

Terrorists are also attacking Lebanon killing innocent people; not only Paris.Please pray for both countries.

Spain opts to maintain terrorism threat level after Paris attacks

#Parisattacks photo of Paris #lebataclan theater after deadly attack

UK / US / France supplying weapons to vile Saudi royal regime . Used to commit atrocities in YEMEN .  #paris #Hollande

Obama still plans to accept 10,000 Syrian refugees despite Paris terrorist attacks  via

So there is a picture of the aftermath of the theater killing in Paris. It's pretty horrible, sad, and disturbing.

Police convoy speeding through #Paris streets

Someone photoshopped a Sikh to look like a Paris bomber via /r/worldnews

UAE condemns Paris terror attacks: Abu Dhabi, Nov.15 (BNA): Abu Dhabi Crown Prince and UAE Armed Forces Deputy

SUNDAY TRUMP ON PARIS, DEM DEBATE

Omg tea at Taylor swift being the only one to make the Paris tragedy all about her

Sad weekend comes to an end..Paris we aee by your side.#love

If you're an American presidential candidate who uses the Paris attacks to advance your position on guns. Here's your invitation to fuck off

The Vamps pay tribute to two members of their team killed in Paris attacks

Iraq reportedly warned US-led coalition countries of imminent assault before Paris attacks, officials tell via

BREAKING NEWS: Police hunt probable attacker in Paris massacre

#WorldNews Iraq warned U.S.-led coalition countries of imminent assault before Paris attacks: Iraq warne  #TCOT

Poland's landmarks turned red white+blue in solidarity with France +Paris last night

Mumbai's railway station, Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus, lit up in colors of the French flag to honor Paris victims~

Please read Paris attacks - ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation) -

How To Survive a Mass Shooting Flee, Hide, Bite, Spit, Cover, Shoot Back, Play Dead And More  #preppertalk #paris

Officials Name More Victims of the Paris Attacks

#The mood in Paris: A grieving city set to return to business with tight security #jobs #money #work #: Most o

I don't think the refugees had anything to do with what happened in Paris. It is an extremism problem. Stay free.

couldn't have said it any more clearly in April   Pity #EU didn't listen #Paris

Obituary in Sunday Sun mourns from local funeral director  #Paris victims. #GodBlessParis

Frank Zappa - Dumb All Over - LyricsSo after this weekend a few very wise words from #zappa#paris

I hope things in Paris gets better

It just made me mad  push for disproportionate response; I have empathy for Paris #BlackLivesMatter

#Facebook activates #Paris safety check following #terror attacks

I'm going to sound very stupid, but I truly don't understand and I want to understand. How does no press at the premiere honor Paris?

#Banks  #Wallstreet #fucking people : CBS substitutes episodes for two TV shows after Paris attacks

Sign the Manifest from Lima to Paris

Thomas Hylland Eriksen: The Paris massacre and the Syrian refugee crisis

no flag, probably too confused. But about 100 people LIVE in Paris for no apparent reason.

#BMWMasters halts play briefly on Sunday for Paris victims, among many golf outpourings:

NI on the scene in Paris, supporting media clients. #PrayForParis

#KCA #VoteJKT48ID TheBestUsaNews: Paris attacks: French police hunt 'dangerous' Abdeslam Salah  #teamfollowback

From Beirut, This Is Paris: In A World That Doesn't Care About Arab Lives  # via theworldpost

What about 41 killed in Beirut a day before Paris,147 killed in Kenya in April, 224 in Russia, and 2,030 in Northern Nigeria2015

hi, i'm french  i love you so much, thank you for the support to france and to paris, you're so kind and adorable. #Prayers4Paris

Paris Attacks: You Better Start Asking Some Questions.Lots Of Them.That's First  via RedSilverJ

Horrifying New Video Of Bataclan Concert As Attack Begins

Gobshite Kay Burley criticised for 'misjudging the mood' with a tweet about the Paris attacks

I'm not changing my profile picture on Facebook to the Paris flag. Come at me nerds!11!!

Food for thought comparing Beirut and Paris.

British victim of Paris terror attack 'was kind and thoughtful #BlackburnWithDarwen

Always wanted to go to Paris think I change my mind now

all albums on vinyl, gonna get a lizard king tattoo and got all of Jim's poetry books, gonna go to Paris to visit his grave also

Someone photoshopped a picture of a random brown (Sikh) guy and claimed he took part in Paris attacks

The 02 Arena. Paris in everyone's thoughts.

Kingdom tower in saudi arabia lights up in blue, white and red for #Paris

#REPORT: franchise culture ministry says that the Paris-area museums to reopen Monday afternoon. #ParisAttacks

The hashtag #LiberteEgaliteFraternite took the 7th place in the Top20 of Paris's Trends for Saturday 14:  #trndnl

Paris Attacks: The Mental Scars of Terrorism : DNews

Here the animals responsible for the attack in Paris

With believers from all backgrounds we pray for the victims in Paris and Beirut, their friends and families

Police find car with suspected links to Paris attacks; relatives of suicide bomber questioned..

Paris attacks: Suicide bomber identified - WESH Orlando - WESH Orlando Paris attacks: Suicide bomber identified

Spread the word:Refer to IS as Da'esh from now on,apparently they hate being called it! #ParisAttacks #Paris #parisisburning #parisinflames

The ones that carried out Paris will feel 'aluenated' until they can take 4 wives and every woman wears a veil

Aye the rock show in Paris was lit huh

Tony Parker at the vigil today remembering victims of Paris attacks KENS5News

I liked a video  French - Attack on Music Theater Paris

My condolence to dos affected by the paris tragedy

Muslim terrorists want Islam to triumph over unbelievers. Fooling ourselves into believing otherwise only emboldens the Jihad. #Paris

Read my real UNCUT column today!#HowieCarr  #JohnKerry  #Paris

i'm looking at the snaps i took while i was in paris with my camera and some of them are truly breathtaking..can't deny the sadness though.

what are your views on Paris attacks?

That's it, girl. You need say no more. Peace for us all. Politicians listening?? #Paris

[Chaos Breaking News Paris | Virtual STAMPEDE at Candle Light Memorial On Video]  via

Again, my heart goes out to those directly affected by terrorist attacks and everyone because we all need encouragement today. #ParisAttacks

Paris attacks put muslum dagger through heart of liberal Europe

Paris remembered the victims of the terrorist attacks at a ceremony at Notre Dame Cathedral

What we know about Paris attacker Ismael Omar Mostefai

Sorry #paris i'm not a hypocrite to stand with you, though i sympathize with the victims #syria, #palastine,

To find out more about that awful, hideous  jihad terror massacre  in Paris  there's the site

am sure Paris would heal.. its tragic.. terrorism is.. but Nigerians should know to help at home b4 tryna extend across

Paris- we haven't stopped praying  crying with you. #Prayers4Paris

Paris attacks has really brought out the xenophobia in my white housemates

BREAKING: Three French suicide bombers involved in #Paris attacks: prosecutor -

is a ground force but also what is being done about ISIL's funders?? the Paris operation so professional,that takes lots of money

My Predictions Concerning the Paris Attacks | Da Tech Guy's Blog

#FollowMe #F2F #FF World Leaders at G20 Raise Alarm Over Foreign Jihadists After Paris Att  #FollowBack #Follow

I'm so tired of this dickface who thinks hes so all that lmfao listen hun no the Paris profile pictures wont bring anyone bak but listen

Paris attack survivor reveals she 'played dead' in viral #Facebook post  #ParisAttacks

Was #Paris Attack Western Backed? Hard to ignore Friday the 13th in Paris Knights #Templar murdered   via

The rooftops of Paris - Opera Garnier  via

Gov. Brown responds to Paris attacks, death of CSU Long Beach student

Paris attacks: Timeline of terror on the streets - Irish Times  #DriveCarefullyPlz

I AM SO AFRAID MATTHEW IM LIVING IN PARIS I WANT TO LEAVE RIGHT NOW BUT I CANT

BBC: ITV show pulled after Paris attacks: ITV did not broadcast Sunday night's episode of Jekyll And Hyde afte

We all knew ISIS terrorists would slip through with real refugees.  Paris is a result,

After Paris, Pope Francis Tells Christians to Be Ready for the End of the World  We need Pope John Paul,to talk

Yonatan Zunger about the Paris Attacks  via

I am sending my prayers and thoughts to Paris. Praying for the families that lost loved ones in this senseless act.

French officials have told AP that police questioned and released the fugitive suspect hours after the #ParisAttacks. #Paris

Yep - and those killed in Paris were also civilians.

you're not the only on that can't keep your eyes off the news, neither can I, God Bless Paris,Italy. My home country.

The day before the #Paris terror attacks shocked the  #Beirut #ISIS

Terrorists May Have Used #ps4 to Plan #Paris Attacks. We need to discuss #Gamecrime #criminology  via

it's not just paris also lebanon and baghdad

You know how stupid our country is. some of the people that did the attack on Paris was with the immigrants from Syria

HOMEM TOCANDO IMAGINE APOS ATAQUE EM PARIS   Man plays John Lennon's 'Imagine' after paris attack

Wait! Did Paris Hilton die or something?

Robert Patman says Paris attacks highlights price of Syria inaction, interview with Paul Henry, TV3, 16 Nov 2015:

Hi Katie, I agree is having very bad yr. But his liberal immigration plan  no gun policy sets up #Paris as 1 HugeTarget

London eye lite up for Paris!! #Prayers4Paris

Paris attacks: Defiant French businesses carrying on - BBC News

Very impressed with and their continued live coverage FROM Paris and not just in the newsroom like on most networks

30 #France airstrikes targeted #Raqqa de facto capital of #ISIS in #Syria 48 hours after #Paris attacks, causing water/power cut,

Paris attack: Manhunt for the 'dangerous' 8th suspect under way as  - Times of India: Times of IndiaParis a

We stand with Paris. Now it's time to stomp out Isis - 2015 is winding down the way it started: With Paris unde

Please Joey, do the #Tribute4FrenchToffees the CM of the french fan page of Everton died in the attacks in Paris, in Bataclan..

Visiting MacDonalds in Paris. That's cute.

Confirmed: Paris Terrorists Entered Europe as Refugees  #Newsmax viaWell well who would have guessed

Paris Suicide Bombers WERE RESCUED OFF Sinking Migrant Boat | Pamela Geller  via

Bonnenotte all,I'm of to light a candle an pray ,God bless everyone the whole world over#paris x

Media  focuses on Paris, but let us not forget #Gaza #DoYouCare? #UN2oPts  Remind  what they R4!

Still sending my prayers out to paris!!!

-Well so much for Us thinking U had a modicum of Intelligence. UR Just #LibProg Activists.Paris Slaughter Wasn't #GunViolence

Rosie, was going to ask can you please wear your #wlf beret since the tragedy in Paris happened?

#ParisAttacksIs it fair that only our humanity wake up in Paris and die when they mention the dead Muslims!?

We sent isis a little gift from paris.

When compared to the horrors in Paris my problems suddenly feel really insignificant. #PrayForParis

#Paris love and respect may God be with you and bless you all

Imagine if the war effort had been tepid up until now, and they only started being serious after Paris.  This is not how it works.

I liked a video  #Mizzou activists whine about Paris taking away 'spotlight' | Rant

Paris attacks: French fighter jets drop 20 bombs on ISIS stronghold of Raqqa -

Madonna breaks down during Paris attack tribute: MADONNA became emotional on stage as she paid tribute to the

THE RISE OF REFUGEE MIGRANT CRISIS IS THIER COMMUNICATIONS, THEN THE BOMB ON PLANES AND NOW THE ATTACK IN PARIS, THEY ARE COMMUNICATING !!!

Video: Muslims in Paris Condemn Attacks

jesus christ people are still talking about paris

Breaking: People running down street on rue de Lancry in 10th arrondissement of #Paris. #ParisAttacks

Obama is meeting with Putin now. He needs some  so we don't get hit like PARIS. #trump2016

made this quick little banner for paris #PrayForParis

Moment of silence at game to honor those killed in Paris

I don't want to say anything that may be interpreted as insensitive about Paris, so I wont

It's tragic what Paris has experienced. #PrayForParis

Robert Pape: Why Paris? The answer can be found in Syria and Iraq - The Boston Globe

Paris is about love and life France

Job Lunalogic (Paris): Project Manager Trade Life Cycle.+ MSc/PhD/Master/Engin  Emploi Finance 3

I added a video to a playlist  Syrians light candles for Paris terror attack victims in Damascus

Paris; Love, Beauty, Inspiration, Joie de Vivre, Will never be beaten down.

Why ISIS Attacked Paris | Mark Juergensmeyer

Why does France or the US had to wait for the attack in Paris to bombard the command center of #isis

Police stopped Abdeslam Salah on Saturday but let him go  #ParisAttack #ParisAttacks #Paris

paris at peace #paris #france #2011 Tower, Paris , France

Could I be any happier with where I'm at? Only if I was in Paris fucking shit up right now.

would be a lot different if they turned around and dropped 20 bombs on Paris wouldn't it? We wouldn't hear the end of it

A candle 2 a window 4 the victims in Paris  St Denis #solidarity is stronger than violence

I had a chat to Jake Calvert, an SA man in Paris - listen to a quick 3 minute grab  #ParisAttacks #Paris

Bono on Paris attacks: 'This is the first direct hit on music'No musician was killed or even shot at, dude. Was an attack on a crowd.

THEYRE WEARING THE PARIS' FLAG'S COLOURS LITTLE THINGS

STOP MAYOR PEDUTO'S INSANE PUSH FOR 500 SYRIAN REFUGEES! LATEST! 11/15/15 A SECOND PARIS TERRORIST HAS BEEN CONFIRMED AS A SYRIAN REFUGEE.

Syria isn't suddenly simplified because of Paris. What to do about daeshbags has been simplified because of Paris.

God bless our nurse colleagues in Paris, France.   #nursing #Paris #united

The tribalism of religion is a very powerful component of the erronous pathology that Post Paris frenzy will reinforce

Australian airlines say flights to Paris can be rearranged or cancelled - Daily Mail

Pretty dope how even in sports we recognize and ou tribute those affected by the tragedies in Paris. Well done

Don't worry, I don't live in Paris

blogdog: ISIS update 11/15/2015..'Paris attacks direct consequence of policy conducted by France in Syria'

Whilst all this is taking place in Paris we must look past it to see what we are being distracted from. List

Prayers and thoughts go out to the people of Paris. Interesting to see the potential impact of this abomination on the refugee crisis

Debunked: How the Internet got fooled into thinking Twitter predicted the Paris attacks: It also doesn't help

Michael O'Connor describes what he saw at the Bataclan concert hall in Paris when gunmen

So #France has already retaliated to ISIS. Not sure if it's a good thing or a bad thing. War has most definitely started. #Paris

Paris attacks: French jets bomb Islamic State command center, other targets in Raqqa: Fra  via

GOVERNMENT #EBAY ITEMS W/#SWASTIKA! Visit Store At:  #HTTR #CLEvsPIT #80s #70s #30s #BrazilGP #Paris

France attacks ISIS: Jets pound jihadi sites in Raqqa, Syria in response to Paris attacks  via pix11news

Hundreds of people flee the square in central Paris amid unconfirmed reports a loud bang was heard in the area

1576 massacre of Paris. An anti religious massacre of Huguenots.we never learn..

Imagine if western governments hadn't bank rolled then procrastinated as the monsters they created grew out of control. #Paris #ISIS

#GunSense #GunLaws Donald Trump Said Paris Attack Victims With Guns Could Have Thwarted Suici  #UniteBlue #Tcot

France Le Pen calls for nation to 're arm' in the wake of Paris attacks   Englsih Subtitles: First draft

Hundreds gather at French Embassy, Nepean Point to mourn Paris attacks

You think there will be any left to worry about?  what about the so-called innocents who then turned in bomers in Paris?

I just started following pierre-paris on

C/O New Blog Post Frank Ocean Calls out Donald Trump Over Paris Comments

The search for the perpetrators of the Paris attacks has led authorities across the Belgian border to an impoverished suburb of Bruss

Sadly French attacks make inevitable a rise of far right lunatics, who are not as bad as Jihadis but still quite mad

I love you Paris we are pray ing for you Paris

Paris attacks: An international joint venture in violence - Early leads in the investigation into the deadly Pa

is the hunt for the Paris Perps another RED LINE like in Syria?

So sad that it takes terrorist attacks in Paris to see our National Anthem televised before the NFL games today. Should be standard weekly!

We are deploying crisis-trained French speaking chaplains to Paris  #Prayers4Paris

~4,000 children have died of /diarrhea/ since the paris attacksbut we can't use that to wage war or spy on citizens, so, meh

Russia Today Just Destroyed Fake News on Paris Terror

England vs France: Lassana Diarra back at Wembley after comeback tainted by tragedy during Paris ter  #Football

SAVE $30.84 - Matek: Luxurious Paris Tower classic Bamboo Wooden Wood Hard Case Cover for iPhone 4 4S 4G ,273

So if this AP story is accurate, we knew about another imminent attack and did nothing? That folks, is a pattern. #ParisAttacks

Paris Attacks: France Launches Airstrikes Against Islamic State in Syria

Stop the War spark outrage by blaming Britain and USA for Paris attacks  via

Celebrities pray for France following attacks on Paris.: Many Celebrities took to the social media to react to

Still haven't followed up on the Paris thing

#Paris - was this the quickest #intelligence gathering ever? .. or another  mourning day in #Syria?

Suicide bomber identified as Paris attacks investigation spreads across Europe -

Some purple light over Paris :(#matrixamp #purplelight #paris Eiffel

Peace for Paris - the artist behind the symbol that's gone viral

Conor Kavanagh puts the Paris terror attack into context

Live Blog and Analysis: Obama, Cameron, Terror Attacks in Paris, Nov. 14, 2015

It would be heartless of me not to mention the Paris attacks. My heart is with the French right now and Godspeed to their justice.

Photoshopped Image of Sikh Man As Paris Bomber Debunked  via

Jay z- Sand Niggas in Paris

There's so many misconceptions and unconfirmed facts floating around with all this Paris drama, it's almost impossible to have an opinion

I liked a video from  TERRORISTAS USARON PS4 PARA ATACAR PARIS!!

Retweeted Cindy Wooden Memorial Mass beginning in #Paris Notre Dame Cathedral. Live on

Seriously hard to believe there are ppl morally bankrupt enough to create a #FuckParis hashtag! Truly sick! #Paris

Melbourne in state of vigilance following Paris terror attacksExtra police will be deployed across Melbourne in the wake of the Paris

Vive la Paris. New York and Lady Liberty stand with you. #Prayers4Paris #ParisAttacks

Facebook defends using Safety Check after Paris attacks:

DTN USA: Obama Says Paris Killings 'An Attack on the Civilized World': President Obama says the killings in Pa

Safest place in the world is an American South, pork BBQ restaurant. #Paris #ParisAttacks

do we have to tweet Pray for Paris 24/7 then, is that what you're saying?

Wild that everything that happened in Paris is still being publicized but still no buildings lit up with the colors of the Lebanese flagk

Paris attacks: P.E.I. expat living in Paris says she's 'a bit freaked out'

The #FendIDEA displayed in the new boutique window theme in #Paris just in time for the holiday season!

Geraldo Rivera Breaks Down Crying Over Daughter's Escape from Paris Terror Attack  via

Ian McEwan writes a message from Paris.

Op-ed in official PA daily: Israel carried out Paris attacks - The Times of Israel

paris is beautiful how can yall destroy the prettiest city in the world

Liberty, Equality, Fraternity will always be greater than butchery. #Paris

another alarm in Paris pup get ready for twitter

//Ok, but I'm relating it to what is going on now globally.After the shootings in Paris, Francis was in deep Destress --

Not Just Paris: Why Is Beirut's Brutal Terror Does this answer Rolling Stone's question?

A day after the Paris attacks this was a stark reminder of the length our military is going to keep us safe at home.

my parents are afraid of letting me go to concert in paris, can i really blame them? i hate what our actual world bas become

France to go ahead with COP21 climate change summit despite Paris terror attacks - City A.M. #climate

Paris attacks: Who were the victims? brvbar; 63:

Airbnb helps Paris attack victims'   via #techtown |

Sleezeball sits safely in Sydney where he can hate Jews w/out fear. Probably happy about Paris too.

Pure Silk Leonard Paris Necktie  Made in Italy by GOTVEN  via

Going to Pauline Hanson for words on the Paris attacks is like going to Germaine Greer for words on the epidemical murders of trans women.

What happened in Paris is horrible but don't forget what is happening in America: Baltimore sees 300 homicides 1 yr

#Politics: After Paris, Republicans hit refugee plan and Clinton stance: WASHINGTON (Reuters  via

Even though we failed at it last night at the game.. We support you Paris!  #strykers

I've spent the last three days reading into what happened In Paris and what will come from it. This is far more

r/pics: They diserve some credits to! the medical staff of paris hospitals by /u/merlindy (25 mins. old)  #Reddit

From the article of   The New York City police commissioner, William J. Bratton, said on Sunday that the attacks

ISIS leader in Libya likely killed in US airstrike while Paris attacks underway, official says - Kurds uncover mass graves after driv

#Paris Suicide Bomber Used Bogus #Syrian Passport  via

I thought Paris could handle this more maturely but I guess they want to make things more fucked up

Blood Libel: Palestinians blame Israel for Paris attacks. Yup. You read that correctly. Sick.   via

The Nazis were very evil. Their natural successors bombed Paris on Friday.

Seven arrested over Paris attacks

Marco Rubio: US should not take in more Syrian refugees after Paris attacks: Florida senator  #CubaUS

French police questioned and released a fugitive suspect hours after the Paris attacks

Paris Terror Attack-Pregnant woman clings to  via |

Paris Mourns Terror Attack Victims: People leave flowers, candles and messages at the sites of Friday's violen

And this is why I say fuck France fuck Paris Shannon Scott

yes, because Paris multi-site ATTACK EXERCISE DRILLS scheduled for Nov 13/2015:  #orchestraedterror

Euro slips, yen firms in 'risk off' response to Paris attacks  (Reuters) #forex #finance

RUSSIA LINKS GLOBAL CABAL TO PARIS ATTACKS:A stunning new report issued today by the Ministry of Defense (MoD)

Bernard Kerik: Paris Attacks Highlight 'Intelligence Failure'  'Extremely Concerning'  #Newsmax via

I guess it's that we are accustomed to hearing of violence in the Middle East. It's not a surprise. Happening in Paris is just different.

Paris Attacks: U.K. Comedian Temporarily Sus  via #HollywoodNews #News

France is hunting for a possible eighth suspect who escaped during the attacks:

Attacks Raise Concern Over Islamic State's New Model Of Terror: The terrorist attacks in Paris on Friday could

Now that they fucked with Paris this time ISIS bit of more then they can chew.

REMINDER: Vigil at 3 p.m. at S.F. City Hall for #Paris. The latest:

We stand united for #paris and for the love that binds #Humanity

because Paris multi-site ATTACK EXERCISE DRILLS scheduled for Nov 13/2015:  #orchestraedterror

Drudge: MANHUNT FOR 8TH PARIS SUSPECT UNDERWAY; INVESTIGATION WIDENS'ATTACKER WAS WOMAN'IRAQ SENT WARNING

Paris was a gun free zone. How did that turn out

They said they attacked the bataclan because this is where teenagers go. Teenagers were the targets?!?!?!?

PARIS ATTACKS FALSE FLAG: DRILLS PLANNED ON SAME DAY  US DHS doing crisis drill in Paris 11/13/15 #tcot

Paris coming from nowhere wants to take away the prayers for Chelsea #PrayForParis  #PrayForChelsea

Video on Paris events and the danger to us which may lie ahead coming up shortly #Galloway4London

(Lowy Institute) What do the Paris attacks mean for ISIS and the war in Syria?: The Paris attacks are dominati

The real truth about the Paris terror attacks:

#metro #news: Football 1-0 IS: After Paris attacks, the results are in Just by not being THEM, we win: MART

[News] Paris terror attacks: Guard turned away one bomber at stadium

Newser: California Student Among Paris Victims

#HuffPost WATCH: New Yorkers Send Message of Support To Paris: Nearly a thousand people gathere  #WorldRSSFeeds

#mizzou activists please note that even your college twitter knows that #paris is obviously more of a big deal than some petty shit.

It's wrong that Lebanon has had way less media coverage than Paris

Sad for Paris.  Happy for FSU.  Bird day is near.

people are already terrified and burdened by the actions of IS, basically innocent people are paying 4 the tragedies of Paris

I liked a video  The Truth About The Paris Terrorist Attacks (No Politics) - Anthony Gucciardi

White House says no 'specific, credible threat' to U.S. in wake of #Paris attacks  via

Boho-overgrown children cant deal with reality. Go to your safe space while the grown ups deal with real issues #Paris

Solidarity for Paris is all over my feed. If you're receiving otherwise you need to have a good look at your subscriptions.

This Paris shit is pissing me the fuck off.. Everybody pray for Paris blah blah. Does anybody know what's happening in Syria??

Firecrackers cause 'collective panic' in Paris

Suspected Paris terrorist 'was let go by police at Belgian border' after Paris attack

When has to tell to shut up. #Paris

Just caught a glimpse of a Paris service - they were singing Duruffle's Requiem #LoveParis #LoveMusic

ISIS shall scream as the innocent French in Paris screamed. #Raqqa

PARIS - There are many layers of hypocrisy in the public reaction to the tragedy that must be sorted through in

^  Falkirk + | Church-goers to pray for victims of Paris attacks  #Falkirk

everyones got the paris flag in their icon but no ones got the lebanon or iraq flags

What happened in Paris is bad, what happened in Beirut is equally bad, what is worse is when one is largely ignored:

To pass any security checkpoints before they enter Hell #Paris #Bataclan

Did you know that 'Paris' was Trending Topic on Saturday 14 for 5 hours in Boston?  #trndnl

Now we're hearing the passports in Paris might be fakes?  Well

Why ISIS Attacked #Paris and what to do in response:

Blaming all Muslims for the Paris attacking is like blaming all musicians for One Direction.

Paris: they say Peace is impossible it's not. Just needs the extraordina  via

its sad how the rest of the world ignores all the other things that are happening and have happened and are just focused on Paris alone

Instead of comparing Paris to other places that are suffering now, let's just pray.

Coming up in 5 on - live from Paris with day's events. And has our report from Brussels on the Belgian connection

#Endgadget Airbnb helps Paris attack victims' families find free places to stay: Facebook isn't the only int

Aww c'mon guys, Beirut has the sads. Let's remember their 73,489,134,948th terror attack this year.

Really insightful accounts from Beirut and Paris

We need to destroy #DAESH asap every single day in the middle east is like 13th November in Paris

Terror in Paris.. the latest as France strikes back plus, how Chicago is showing support and has your forecast. At 5!

Belated, but my thoughts and condolences are with those lost, their loved ones and everyone else affected by Friday's events. #Paris

Dreading to think what the average age of those victims is in #Paris. Then there's the terrorists and that will be even lower #awasteoflives

France launches 'massive' airstrike on Isis stronghold in Syria after Paris attackWhat's the death toll now?

#California Student Among #Paris #Victims - Nov 15 PM ET

Finally home from Paris Emotional  so blessed to be safe with my boys. This wknd will forever be in my heart and prayers #vivelafrance

People in Paris have been attacked and terrorized. People can be disgusting. November 13, 2015. Remember that day. #PrayForParis

130 people dead and these dumbasses here are still fighting over who put the Paris filter on their display pictures

#PSG - Lucas Paris Saint-Germain 2016 SoccerStarZ MicroStars Green Base Ls Fg 15/16 New

meanwhile, Israeli Religious leaders applauds Attacks on Paris

Political correctness/ civil look at paris if you want more of same vote for Carson

Oh God not again ! Praying for Paris.

What France have been doing to Siria have been awful, what terrorists did to Paris was awful, how the world is acting is awful #StopTheHate

Muslim and Jewish leaders gather at #Paris concert hall memorial

people mad that we react to paris shooting but not other tragedy is like getting mad for mourning a friend and not a stranger

Regarding #paris attacks: Honestly for all the people who said 'oh if you hate capitalism why do you have an iphone?' 1/2

racist #BlackLivesMatter thugs double down on hate with #F**K  Paris hashtag

Paris: what is the story behind the Syrian passport? NEWS   #news #post #press

If you had soldarity with Paris, now for Raqqa. More innocent victims.

Do you see how the media is twisting this Isis shit in Paris

At this moment in The Netherlands ; ONE minute of respect in Silence for the Victims of ABUSE FREEDOM in Paris, France#FranceUnderAttack

News: See 'SNL' Open With Tribute to Paris in Wake of Terror Attacks: In lieu of its usual comedic cold open,

#expressnews Paris attacks: British teenagers tell of harrowing events witnessed in Bataclan Theatre

#PrayForKenya but y'all only talmbout Paris tho

Paris, we stand with u We will fight 2gether  on our knees #PrayForParis

maybe after the Santa Clause Parade airs you could show something other than mass murder in Paris? Great TV for kids. #wtf

Saracens 32 Toulouse 7: Showing solidarity more important than result after Paris attacks, says Toby Flood

French authorities seeking one of three brothers partially responsible for Paris attacks:

The Peace for Paris symbol, designed by artist Jean Jullien, has flooded the Internet and is seen he

Of course #ISIS doesn't have or believe in the #Quran - anymore than the #Nazis believed in the #Bible #CNN #Paris

Our thoughts and prayers are with those in Paris  France this weekend.

So these terrorist dropped 3 bombs in paris and france decided to drop 20 in syria.

Destroy them all. Show them same 'mercy' they showed in #Paris #Chattanooga #FtHood #TwinTowers #WTC #teaparty

Family and Loved Ones Of Victims Of The Paris Massacre Pen Saddening Tributes To Them

Did you know there was tweet about the #ParisAttacks 4 days ago?#FalseFlag #BackToTheFuture #Paris #RM86 #Facts

The whole of Paris is just as on edge as you'd have imagined, it seems. Horrid.

I really admire the fact that stoped his concert friday night to pray for the losted lives in paris.

Blame all Muslims for the Paris attacks if ya want but by the same logic ya have to blame all white people for the holocaust. Sound argument

Nine Aftershocks Of The Paris Terrorist Attacks via

Paris Attacks Pose Test for US Presidential Candidates

Manchester joins rest of Europe for a minute's silence in memory of Paris victims.

Climate change summit to go ahead despite Paris attacks  via

Because some animals are more equal than others#Paris #Beirut #Syria

Just seeing the scenes during tonight's false alarm in Paris is heartbreaking enough, nobody should have to live in such fear

Paris attack witness says killer was white

Wow the fear the events of Friday has brought to the people in Paris is crazy.

Asian stocks brace for volatility after Paris attacks

Atlanta Hawks moment of silence for Paris #atlantahawks #paris Arena

they've been 3 times in Paris and they seem to forget their other fans.

yes you can't say extremist aren't Muslims.  But we cannot blame moderate Muslims, or question their sincerity for Paris

Ezra Levant in Paris: One feeling is missing on these streets  - Those with the most to lose doing the least.

What is happening now in Paris, Beirut and so on, is part of that historical unfolding.

I stand for Vegas oops I meant Paris!

no no i'm not agree because I live in Paris We are affraid but We pray to Lebanon too The same attacks are so sad

Gov. Abbott calls for moment of silence in memory of victims of the Paris attacks

QuestCuties - News Flash Thundercat and Mono/Poly Release Track As Their Tribute to Paris Attacks

Jesus you guys are in Paris by safe love

ISIS's Paris attack jihadis sneaked into Europe as Syrian refugees: Ahmed Almuhamed, 25, pictured, whose Syria

France Filter - Our hearts are with you in Paris! and the people of France!.  #rainbowfilter via

False alarm causes panic on the streets of Paris

#France : The Evil Death cult can't be defeated by air power alone will only inadvertently kill innocents  fuel resentment #Paris #Defiance

Don't lose sight of the tragedy in the wrong-headed political spin - by Frank Bruni The Exploitation of Paris

David Luiz concerned over return to PSG after Paris terror attacks  via

Solidarity, security concerns lead Canadian reaction to #Paris.

Starting a Paris benefit.. keep yo food, clothes, and we'll wishes, only accepting funds, all money orders and checks can be made out to me

129 people slaughtered in Paris and some people drone on and on and on about someone not selected to play cricket

Missou has no tragedy compared to Paris attack. Quit the whining big babies#missouwhiners

Obama vows at G-20 summit to hunt down Paris terrorists: Barry Wood, Special for USA TODAY 12:26 p.m. EST Nove

Research the #history of #Paris  #blackfolks  you'll just shut up about not tryna feel #French folks. #croixdeguerre  grrrrr #wakeup

When terrorists strike #Beirut it's all part of the plan. When terrorists strike #Paris everyone loses their minds.

Among the Paris victims were Muslims, not to mention the Muslims in Beirut and Baghdad killed by ISIS last week.

Bombing Syria  killing innocent people is not how you solve what happened in Paris! #PrayForSyria #PrayForParis

frm Paris 10 french jet fighter to hit ISIS stong hold in Syria.and i ask so they knew ISIS strong hold? lol #worldleaders

Paris Perspective - BU Today: BU TodayParis PerspectiveBU TodayThe College of Arts  Sciences professor of his

Killed in Paris: Geographer Matthieu Giroud, specialized in gentrification, urban change, immigration. RIP.

'Mockingjay Part 2' L.A. Premiere Cancels Interviews After Paris Attacks

Hollande: Several dozen dead in attacks around Paris, those attackers cowards with all means.

Paris unites in defiant solidarity, then scatters in panic  #AP $AP #News $News

This pretty much summarizes my feelings  #Paris

After what the migrants did I'm Paris-no way,

The fact that Muslims are getting attacked for what happened in Paris is disgusting

Watching so much awful news on tv can't get over the stacks on Paris, all them innocent people dead and for what? It's really sickening..

Powerful image encapsulating everything we need 2 know about the Paris attacks.Agenda setting displayed by the media

Got so many questions about this Paris stuff

Web Dsign #GuaranteedSEO #SEOAgency #SEOPricing #Charlotte  Panic in Paris: Variety Jour

GOPThey're all no nothing midget minds struggles in post-Paris interview on foreign policy

Young single men between the age of 18-30 seem to be able to get out without any difficulty and make it all the way to Paris.

in bed with Murdoch eh Si, using that scurrilous rag  the Paris attacks to snipe the #Corbyncouldn't get much lower.

Paris is attackedanswered with attack on ISIS! America is attackedtheir invited to the White House!Not really but this is Obamas mentality

Good job and with from Paris. See you after  have a good week!!

Poland won't accept refugees after Paris attacks: incoming minister: The country's incoming minister for Europ

#prayforsyria because people there are just as innocent as those in paris

Facebook Explains Why It Enabled Safety Check For Paris But Not Other At  #LetsDiscuss

my timeline was filled with hashtags and lovely tweets to paris when they were under attack and now nothing for syria ? sick.

rsi lounge costa del sud  After In Paris - Just A Story  #webplayer

DTN India: Paris attacks: IS men trained for modern war with internet playing a major role: The trainers, acco

how do you do the colors for Paris?

#PrayForParis our thoughts and prayers go out to all familes who were affected by this attack we all pray for Paris

the events in Paris had me thinking, the end is inevitable. is your view of the end a catastrophe or part of your objective?

Thank you to all the photographers capturing these moments in Paris #PrayForParis

US stock futures, euro skid after Paris attacks  #investing #economy #finance #stocks #forex #commodities

6. #PrayForSyria 7. Roxas Blvd 8. Alma Moreno 9. ISIS 10. Paris  2015/11/16 07:39 PHT #trndnl

Paris Terror Attacks: The complete timeline on how events unfolded in Paris this weekend - Independent.iei

@highlight

Official says at least 140 dead in Paris attacks; 8 assailants killed.

@highlight

Paris police says there were three attacks. Attackers reportedly used AK-47 automatic weapons.

@highlight

The Paris attacks began w/ the explosion at Gate J of the Stade de France.

@highlight

Eagles Of Death metal crew member dead in Paris attacks.

@highlight

The players will wear a black ribbon on their shirts to honor the victims and families in Paris.