Link Up TV: Tabanacle - Hurricane ft Don Jaga, Squingy  Lefty *USG*:  via

Friday at 2:00 p.m. my family might get 50-60 mph #SANDY

For the latest forecast, advisories and map graphics for Hurricane #Sandy, bookmark this:

Mother fucking hurricane on Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday No school?

Be prepared!  For the latest forecast, advisories and maps for Hurricane #Sandy, bookmark this:

Hurricane Sandy lashes Bahamas with wind and rain - Oct 25 PM ET

Many people on the East Coast north of DC haven't ever seen a big hurricane, have no idea what it's about.

I remember the last time NYC got 'HIT' by a Hurricane. You all just laughed it off! Is this one really that bad?

Hey I'm coming at you live from Miami beach! #extremeteam up and down the coast on #Sandy

Hurricane bullshit is more like it. I told those #idiots to sell the fucking beach house in Fair Harbor. Fucking dimwits.

45-50 Tutors Needed!!: Calculus, Biology, Chemistry, Physics, SAT/ACT (Atlanta, Sandy Springs, Alpharetta): Varsity

Own a #NOAA Weather Radio? If not, now might be a good time. Find the SAME codes U need to program it here:    #Sandy

#Florida will feel Hurricane Sandy's impact as it moves north

BREAKING: hurricane forecast model says chances of sunny weather in NYC on Tuesday decrease from 78.5% to 75.7%. #trollin

I bet Hurricane Sandy b/c it's coming up East Coast will get TONS of coverage nowbut Benghazi, none on network news.

not yet, but probably soon. Right now, #Sandy is on track to come in around the Delaware Bay early next week.

I was wondering this morning about Sandy's immortal line potential, i.e. Stuck on stupid/Get the hell off the beach.

New York City Sandy preparations, boarding up subway sidewalk grates on Broadway:

Inside Sales- Closers - TV LEAD$ (Sandy Springs/ Marietta): It has been Life Alert's vision over the past 25 years,

Ironic: Bloomberg wants to save NYers from 64oz drinks.  Hello Sandy!

[AssociatedPress]  Raw: Hurricane Sandy Rages Through Bahamas

It'll certainly be interesting, especially as we get closer to Monday. Sandy is heading right for us.

BATFE sending out a special email for FFL holders on precautions to take for #Sandy

Meteorologist Mace Michaels has some preparedness tips on how to keep yourself safe during Hurricane Sandy. This

news- Aging weather satellites get noticed with threats like Sandy

So NYC suppose to be getting hit with hurricane weather huh?? Dang, well I guess if my flight gets canceled tomorrow

HURRICANE PREP:  Shelter-in-Place Kit  Go Kit suggestions for people  pets.

Hurricane Sandy: what to expect from North Carolina to Massachusetts to Ohio  Christian Science Monitor | All Stories

Cancelling classes for a hurricane? Must be nice. I wouldn't know how that feels.

Ooooh yes. Thank God for Sandy. I'mma be cuddled up like a mugggg this weekend/next week.

so hey: Piranha not eligible. Sometime this weekend, will attempt to rock Collectors like a Hurricane.

So like wtf happens after they're done talking about where Sandy lands? Does it turn to snow or park  stop moving or?

Yup.What were the odds a damn hurricane would roll into town same day as her scheduled flight?

that's VERY UNLIKELY - we've got a hurricane coming

I'd be concerned about damage. Depending on where Sandy makes landfall, you may see tropical storm force or greater winds.

You're kidding! Last urine I was here a volcano kept me longer and now a hurricane?!

Hurricane Sandy is churning up the waves! Expect peak wind gusts in excess of 50 mph on our shore

Today in 1921, a hurricane struck Tampa, destroying the pavilion at Ballast Point and flooding Hyde Park, downtown,

Um.  Check on them  the elderly to make sure they have what they need BEFORE Sandy hits. I'm o

Want to see Sandy close up? Here is the radar for you. Its a bizarre looking hurricane!

FEMA/NOAA media conference call on Sandy at 2:30pm EDT. Press to be given secret tips on how to survive, renew world,

I am also calling for mandatory evac. starting at 4pm Sunday for barrier islands, from Sandy Hook South to Cape May, including AC casinos.

Amid Dire Forecast, Sandy a Hurricane Again - ABC News: ABC NewsAmid Dire Forecast, Sandy a Hurricane Aga  #India

Al Roker is ar Rehoboth Beach on MSNBC #Sandy

Oh, a hurricane? Bet ill still have work.

Now that's good legislation. RT Can't Gov. Chris Christie just body block Hurricane Sandy from enter

Make sure to bring 3-7 days' worth of canned (pop-top) or dry pet food if you evacuate.  #Sandy #Frankenstorm

Starting soon #Sandy update from Sec. Glaser, MTA's DOH's Comm. Shah,  Port Authority's Pat Foye LIVE:

Is trying to go in the ocean during the hurricane again #ThatsMyIdol

DEC also authorized rls of up to 600K gpd from #Schoharie Resevoir for emergency protocol #Sandy #beprepared

UPDATE: Sandy regains hurricane status on approach to U.S. Canadian Hurricane Centre says Ontario may see the worst.

Photo: Hurricane #Sandy as seen from the International Space Station

when the storms of life are raging, stand by me    #storm #Sandy #stand

MT Easy #HurricaneSandy Tip no 1: Take time NOW to plan, secure resources, + communication plans for family/friends. #Sandy

Come to Maryland for the next week. We're going to get fucked by a hurricane, a nor'easter, and a cold front.

#Obama - coordination - receive an update on ongoing federal actions to prepare for Hurricane #Sandy as it moves toward the #US mainland

That's what I said, too: Sandy is far too friendly a name! Good luck weathering the storm.

not really when u got a hurricane coming ur way lol

i agree! Hurricane Sandy. that's like calling it Hurricane Uncle Pete!

If I don't die from Hurricane Sandy. I'm definitely going to die from a broken heart on Nov 24th

ya know what would be really funny? if the hurricane didn't even happen lmao

there's a hurricane coming, singing Kumbaya and tweeting #HarryStylesFollowBeauBrooks #harrystylesfollowspree #FollowMeMaybe :]

#astoria you DO need to undecorate the front of your homes. #Sandy will take them.

Hey #Bronies of the East coast - Prepare for UTTER CHAOS!!! :D #Sandy #chaos #MyLittlePony

NYC is getting a hurricane. The midwest will eventually get one but it will be in 9 months after NYC has moved on to a

maybe Sandy will delay the election so they have more time

We have expanded our live  coverage of Sandy to also include updates on the #tsunami in Hawaii: htt

Overnight model guidance did not change much. American and European models still bring #Sandy into NJ with min pressu

Yeah my least favourite is Blonde or possibly We're Dancing. Hurricane is one of my favourites.

Heading home to PA from NC and alarmed at the size of hurricane Sandy and the impact on where I live. Next few days cou

Just saw the latest Sandy advisory, particularly the pressure. Now pardon me while I collect my jaw from the floor.

Later today, I may give a podcast talking about what it was like for me to survive one of the most destructive hurricane's in history.

Hurricane Sandy ~ The first walk up the beach, 8:30 Sunday morning. 24 hours until she gets here and it's already

Megastorm could wreak havoc across 800 miles of U.S. #Sandy

Cool. See ya there. I'm stalking romanscu and butternut squash for hurricane baking.

UPDATE: Due to Hurricane Sandy, following flights to New York are cancelled: SQ26/SQ25 on 29Oct (FRA-JFK/JFK-FRA). (1/2)

We're taking a break from regular tweets to remind our followers in the NE to follow and for updates on #Sandy. #staysafe

John (If I Die Today) Wayne F/ Rick Ross.   Sandy about to take over. What's on your hurricane

Sandy expected to bring life-threatening storm #surge flooding tomid-Atlantic coastincluding Long Island Sound and Ne

(via BREITBART) No Tasteless Political Jokes--Yet--as Hurricane Sandy Approaches Blue States

im kinda laughing at the whole hurricane sandy thing. all these people wasting money

Where is this hurricane. Hurry up i don't want to go to school tomorrow.

AP: President Obama cancels campaign events to monitor storm  #hurricane #sandy #frankenstorm #nyc #nj

If there's a hurricane there won't be school, but I'll have to go to my rehab place tomorrow #fun

Video: Mayor Bloomberg updates New Yorkers on preparations for Hurricane Sandy.

earthquake huge hurricane tsunami were all gonna die

We're curating tweets abt #sandy from many of our stations like  Stay safe during #frankenstorm!

Hurricane Irene was given a lot of hype and what happened? Nothing but rainfall and wind. I don't think Hurricane Sandy is gonna be crazy.

deadass if this hurricane is as threatening as the hype suggests, I'll be in my bed watching netflix. if the power is on.

If you are trapped somewhere during the hurricane remember Richard Mourdock knows God has a plan for you do not evacuate

Hurricane Sandy is talking all this shit but where you at gurllaaa. I'm at my house waiting for your ass your faking

if hurricane sandy leaves me without power for a weak i'll probably be dead by the 2nd day

Gamestop cancelled the midnight release because of this hurricane. What

Hurricane Sandy: New York governor announces transit system shut down - video: New York governor Andrew

I don't see shit outside, Hurricane sandy busy tweeting

Just finished raking up my front yard. Hurricane, Come At Me!

RT #Sandy nor'easter w/hurricane inside. They're calling it #Frankenstorm. I prefer #Turduckenstorm.

Sandy taking everyone In a frenzy! This place is packed!

heyyy sassi! Well I'm at rehearsals seems like I will be caught up in this hurricane smh!

LONG ISLAND: If you need a place for your #pets due to #hurricane #sandy we have room. 516-746-1566  via

@highlight

Hurricane Sandy lashes Bahamas with wind and rain.

@highlight

Hurricane Sandy is churning up the waves! Expect peak wind gusts in excess of 50 mph on shore.

@highlight

NYC is getting a hurricane, many flights to New York are cancelled.

@highlight

Megastorm could wreak havoc across 800 miles of U.S.