That's cool mom keep on proceeding to talk about your amazing trip in Florida while I'm stuck in Hurricane Katrina Michigan #socold

Just a murky day in Toronto now. Occasional light showers and mild winds. #Sandy

Sandy, you storming piece of shit, you ruined my new york trip. Eat shit and fly.

KWQC-TV: Do you know anyone headed to the east coast to help with the Hurricane Sandy aft

Need a break from Sandy coverage? Live feed from Solar Mkt Insight Conf happening now

2 days off to a half day. I love you hurricane. Others may disagree.

a poem about Hurricane Sandy, the Election, and Us.  #UMC #hurricanesandy #sandy #poetry #poem #politics #potus #PCUSA

I've seen 2 Situation Rm pics of Obama watching #Sandy in real-time. Still waiting on ANY Situation Rm pic showing hi

After Hurricane #Sandy, a few survivors, and the only way to get around. #Tribeca  #BikeNYC

I really hope #Sandy ends soon, and that there are no more casualties.

yup sandy forsure fucked every one over lol

Hey there. Our engineers are working to restore services affected by Sandy. Can you try to change to 2G? Let us know.

No power, fire going, beer flowing, kids bored - where that leads, who knows? #Sandy

The news said sandy isn't over yet!?

If you have #FacingRace questions/requests, expect a bit of delay. Our team is recovering from #Sandy, but will get b

Out to my eastern seaboard crew, hope y'all still alive. #sandy #reportbackplease

Instead of callin this hurricane a bitch shouldn't we be sayin thank god a tree didn't fall on my house or whip #stupidfucks

As much as I hope NY is okay, I can't help but wonder, where was this kind if response for New Orleans  rural Louisiana? #Sandy

My heart goes out to those lost from Sandy, I hope everyone in the path of the hurricane stays safe! Xxx

For those who lost touch with humanity; NO, it has not been an apropriate amount of time since lives were lost, to make sandy political

Crazy flooding everywhere  still so much to clean up ! I hope everyone is safe after #sandy

Musicians Affected By Hurricane Sandy -- Jesse Malin Flood Pic, Bruce  - Spinner

Check out these incredible pics of LaGuardia Airport courtesy of #Sandy #travel

Houses legit floated away in Long Beach?! Smmfh #Sandy

PSA if Sandy missed you say thank you and count your blessings. She didn't miss everyone and every home in Baltimore. People are crazy

My little fireman taking a walk to check out the damage caused by #Sandy

Salem #nuclear plant emergency shutdown due to blocked cooling water intakes  #sandy

well i don't know about you guys, but i'm having the best hurricane ever

Thank you for letting me know Sandy!  I appreciate you keeping me updated.

You couldn't make it up. Bush's FEMA director for Katrina complains Obama reacted to Sandy too QUICKLY. *head explodes*

Last I saw you were berating all who tweeted re: anything other than dire Sandy -  now it's Cauliflower crust pizza?

In a city of fools, I was careful and cool, But they tore me apart, like a hurricane.A handful of moments, I wished I could change.

in July we will be welcoming all the hurricane Sandy babies.

all weather is interconnected, hurricane sandy was affecting chicagos weather last night sooo ya. #weatherchannelsaidso

2 little chicks born on Kiss Farm yesterday. Sandy  Sandro I guess ?!

BBC News - In pictures: Storm Sandy's impact on US East Coast  this just seems unreal #pooramerica

Hurricane tearing down cell towers and satellites

Fire and Water Hit Homes After Sandy: A New York firefighter describes how he managed to bring 25  #Atlanta #GA

Here's hoping that all our #collegetennis teams affected by #Sandy are safe, dry and warm. Sending our best wishes to all those impacted.

Sandy was a one night stand :) lol

hurricane sandy pics look like they're from the film the day after tomorrow. scary

islam, moor elohim, all is well give me a call, at 348 257 0458, i am EL nature, not mother nature, we put in work call sandy by uro

Who else just got the phone call from Superstorm Sandy?! #takincareofbusiness

ur so extraaaa. I hope sandy picks u up and takes u to africa

And d way shippo shook him.Sandy ko complex ho gaya..

Foto: c4rm3n: reachingheart: presstonmichael: Hurricane Sandy oh my godness. I hope you guys are okay. this

Hoping some kids are applying RT: will be extending the EA deadline on a case-by-case basis because of #sandy

How you can help victims of Hurricane Sandy:

everyone is dressed and ready for the day and im still in hurricane mode..

Goodness gracious.  So glad you are all okay.  #sandy

If anyone would like to donate any dog food, bedding, or care items for pet relief due to Hurricane Sandy, please

U.S. transit systems struggle to restart after Sandy  #cnn #travel #smm

Sorry to those who Sandy brought trouble to. Sandy gave Burlington 70 degree weather and sunshine

Sandy really fucked up the city of Babylon yesterday hmm wonder why

DealBook: After Hurricane Sandy, Stock Exchanges Prepare to Open: The New York Stock Exchange and Nasdaq will op

How did you fare Hurricane Sandy? Keep this link as an up to date resource on #SandyNEO

Not only did praise on he kept the kind words flowing on   #sandy

Jus call it off it's been nice knowin everyone #Sandy

Looks like Sandy dont like Romney either!!

Funniest comment on #Sandy : She's being quite naughty, blowing the entire east coast just to get on TV. Kinda like the

Jesas Savior pilot me, I've got to go to work later#Sandy didn't offer me a holiday

#Sandy thank you Sandy for not coming inside!

We are passing on Tea Tuesday today for quiet prayer for those on the east coast who are struggling with Sandy/

Keeping everyone hardest hit by this storm in my thoughts. We were incredibly lucky#sandy

sure there will be mention as Giants started in NYC. Giant fan pal of mine spent all night working at Sandy EOC. Giants fans care

PA State Stores remain closed? It's just wet  breezy. Why punish us in the West further? #Sandy :(

Why You Should Text, Not Call to Check on Loved Ones Post-Sandy - Arts  Lifestyle - The Atlantic Cities:  via

Our servers on the east coast will run out of power in a couple of hours because of Huricane Sandy, so we are

I am thankful that our house had no damage from #Sandy! #got2bthankful

Sandy's path of destruction leaves mark on Brooklyn  #HR

Gee, I wonder if my flight will be cancelled again tonight since we are flying into the #superstorm #Sandy G

don't let sandy delay the shipments!

Now that hurricane sandy is passed, i must leave base and venture to find delicious beverages and food items

#PolitcalProfiteerRomney behavior UNCONSCIONABLE:Politicizing deaths in Libya + now Sandy victims.Canned goods 4 victims=Ho

looks like we got the less worst of sandy. So surprised that our power held up! I've missed two days of work but besides that

God Help Them All In New York It's Very Frighten #sandy

Sandy isn't stopping me from going to get a workout in. Hardwork. Dedication

Sandy's gonna get your black ass watch out !

Times like this wish x-men were real so Storm could go over and sort that shit out!!!#Sandy

Done with this weather! Winter and hurricane sandy need to hook up and go somewhere sn! #sandy #toocold

May God remember those affected by #superstorm #sandy.

#Romney needs to win BIG. I don't want to hear ANY #Obama team excuses. 4 years of blaming Bush was enough. #Sandy, polls, yada yada yada

I hope is ok with all the #Sandy news around the area! #MissYou

#Sandy did my city crazy last night I hope she ain't disrespect th #VampireStateBuildin I got work to do

Obama declares NY disaster; Sandy death toll rises: President Barack Obama declares a major disaster in the New York City area as Sup

Anything #fake is always a concern. How to tell #fake #sandy photos via

How has Hurricane #Sandy forced you to stop or slow down? Join the conversation

Hey man, hope you're  okay regarding hurricane sandy London's thinking about you!A true fan and a man very used to rain!

Don't forget, donating to the Red Cross is one of the best ways to help those affected by hurricane sandy!

I can imagine that Gaga has wrote a song about hurricane Sandy

This hurricane, is the only reason for me not to live in New York when i'm older

Y'all remember The Day After Tomorrow. Now look what Hurricane Sandy have done. Fucked New York up.

Thompson Alchemists is closed due to Hurricane Sandy. Please continue to check our facebook for any updates.

I want to go as something scary for #Halloweenhow can I dress up as the east cost? #Sandy

#Ladies I'm on my way to #Save you  #Hurricane #Sandy made you #Wet But I can do better #Black #SuperMan #J

#CNN SUPERSTORM SANDY HITS HOBOKEN, street flooded, power out #noolhodasandy

More than just a tropical storm. See the snowy side of #Sandy -

Submitted Photo: Willow down on Ross Street, Batavia: Sandy Mullen sent in this picture of the giant willow tha

32 people dead.#sandy sure has made her impact. Hope those affected get to go back to their normal lives soon.

PLS STOP POLITICIZING THE HURRICANE IN PRETENSE OF RELIEF EFFORTS.  NO ONE TRUSTS YOU.

My heart goes out to you, NYC! Hope the rest of the east coast takes heed of warnings  remains safe  smart during the storm! #Sandy

on hols in nyc stranded by #sandy nothing can keep New Yorkers down #keepfighting :-) x

Sandy has flooded our servers. Website is down. Will update as soon as we are back up and running again! Thank you and stay safe.

last night when half of united-states gonna be destroy by the hurricane sandy i can ask lord more i get the sign ,and GOD not finish fleed y

I just took a shit on hurricane sandy

If it's true that is charging people a change fee due to the hurricane, I hope consumers boycott their airline going forward

I find it pretty sad nobody cares when an even worse hurricane hit Bura and there was not even a peep from the news

In the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy's impact on the northeast, our thoughts are with all those affected. More

Donate Funds | Donations | Giving to American Red Cross  4 the Sandy peeps

The storm puts your ridiculous publicity stunts into the perspective they deserve. #Sandy #Frankenstorm

#Sandy Status: Oneonta classes resume 12 noon Tuesday.

They also say since over 90% of the country isn't affected by Sandy, no one should help the people who ARE affected. Typical RW assholes.

dafuq, use that money of urs to help the victims of hurricane #sandy, u dumbo

intimidating force of nature. But dang, when hurricane Shaniqua comes by, everyone knows to get out of the way cause t

Funny how it's not called a hurricane, damage looks like a #hurricane hit. #Sandy

Our thoughts  prayers are with all those affected by Hurricane #Sandy. We hope you  your families  friends are safe.

A good collection of photo galleries chronicling Hurricane Sandy's watery attack on the east coast.

Sandy No Was Up With Baltimore She Was Like Hell No That Where 2Chain Got Poped At Lls

#Sandy's mess: Cars and trains underwater, boats washed ashore, and trees everywhere .. #NY #Superstorm

TF this bitch never heard of the eye of the hurricane.. *throws papers*

Please help us provide flashlights and batteries for #Sandy victims by dropping them off in the box at the church office, 929 E. Center St!

I'd say we were prepared for #Sandy:

I should not complain, Sandy passed us with minimal damage, but man it's cold in FL, turn off the AC please

Georgia may not have the hurricane, but we damn sho gettin the wind affect from that bihespecially at #FVSU

this is why i love the internet. #lydia  #sandy. major points to for sending me this!

R Power out from Sandy? Need help? Obama tells people to go to the Internet for assistance. Seriously: htt

I hope everyone who was in Sandy path is ok! For now it has stopped raining in my area :D

Dear assholes critiquing POTUS for acting too quickly to Sandy, FUCK YOU IN THE ASS WITHOUT KY YOU TWATS, remember Michael Brown? Dicks.

In a car juicing my phone, listening to De La, reading Frank151 DOOM issue. Sandy did a lot of damage.

Ugh, hurricane #Sandy totally f-ed up my plans to be a drunken mess for #Halloween. Guess I'll need another excuse.

Photographer  processing: Theartofdarkpictures BedaMake up  Hair Artistin: Sandy MeierModel: Selina Peterhans

So mad i'm in class right now. Sandy, you are a little bitch. #alltalk

I live in Arizona why are the Internet and phones down lol!!!! Fuckin sandy! I blame that hoe!

Red Cross Blood donations needed for Sandy victims via  Dane County blood drives listed here:

Sandy update 4:  Staying safe  how to help. Obama video

Nearly 100 blood drives have been cancelled due to #Sandy, and this will only increase as the week goes on.

So we lost a tree (and part of the driveway); luckily it  fell AWAY from the house. Thank you GOD! #Sandy

Ohio would be your best bet. Sadly Sandy didn't blow any over to Indiana for you.

Did you hear is donating $5m to hurricane relief? He must be a bold flavor man, too. #ThanksDonald

Unfortunately sandy knocked out internet so we are unable process credit cards. please call before you come to make sure that we are open.

My house seems to have to become the Hurricane Sandy Neighborhood Kids Refugee Camp. Smh Not trying to feed these Ratchet Children. Lmbo

NYSE and Nasdaq prepare to reopen Wednesday after #Sandy via

My assessment: It's a mess. Keep your cool everybody. Assessing Damage From Hurricane Sandy

Hurricane Sandy got you down? Check out these helpful technology tips to aid you through the aftermath.

Apparently four to five days before electricity and MTA is back. Wow. #hurricane #damagecontrol

Obama better get elected. I can't deal with Sandy and Romney in the same week.

This wind aint no joke, about knocked me over trying to get out of the car. #sandy

There is nothing I wouldn't do to be at home with my whole family who are posted up in my house due to the hurricane.

Hurricane #Sandy #Fashion Tweets Remind Us That Sweatpants, Junk Food Are Still OK (TWEETS)  via

Mitt Romney Refuses To Talk About FEMA After Hurricane #Sandy Event  ^sd

Charging station  wireless internet at NYU Bobst Library. #Sandy

#Sandy #Queens Our community leaders are reporting trees blocking streets on 77th St. btwn 37th Ave  37th Rd.

Hurricane sandy,will you please flood my school or blow it away! Thank you! #sandy

Thinking of all those people in Manhattan #sandy

The Trauma Tool Kit: Hurricane Sandy: Ten Tips to Help You Weather the

All my tweets have either been something hurricane related or bloc party lyrics. That's how you do it (not really)

Some Central Jersey towns under 'boil water advisory' following Sandy: NJ SANDY 103012 HURRICANE SANDY A  #neward

Not sure if you can tell but that's a surfer on the wave there.. Off Ocean City, MD 2pm Tuesday #sandy

Deep thoughts are with anyone who is or has been caught up in this hurricane #RealShit

Hi Rhea! I heard about the terrible Sandy. All okay at your place na? :(

pray for those in the path of hurricane #sandy   I was at the #ciymove #ciy you play this summer

Lots of people out and about in Williamsburg Brooklyn post #Sandy

Sandy did one hell of a damage

Our hearts and thoughts are with those affected by hurricane Sandy.  Stay safe!

Thank yu to all my friends  family that made sure I was okay while sandy was taking over NY  NJ .. the worst is over thank u God!!

I keep switching to the weather channel because the moment when they say Sandy headed toward Michigan me  my family gtfo

Sandy Was A Little Hyped Up Hoe!!!!

Damn it Sandy! Y U make my door leak?

We made it fortunately with less damage than Irene. All safe and that's the important thing. Heart and thoughts to everyone. #Sandy

thought of the cast of #JerseyShore when I saw that was where the hurricane hit.. praying for the families  everyone affected! 3

AWHHH HELL HURRICANE SANDY FUCKING UP THE EAST COAST

Wonder if she was a victim of Sandy's heavy winds 0_0

Waaait wait wait.. WHERE ARE YOUR COUSINE? ._. and yeah, I'm dying slowly T_T the fucking hurricane is stressing me.

#sandy Romney's campaign has him under protective custody not answering the media while PBO is doing the heavy lifting and providing answers

For all those people who want to know that why Hurricane Sandy was getting all the hype! - Above is an article

what kind of idiot ride the motorcycle in a hurricane?

Just went running for first time in 3 days. Saw a house with its roof caved in by a big tree. #sandy

yes, 85 and sunny today. No hurricane nor earthquakes here. It's a good place to retire.

I told sandy to go away. and that's what she did go away. School tomorrow 3

So my vacation got canceledTHANKS ALOT SANDY!!! ;(

#Trello is down due to Sandy caused floods. Their Data Center hopes to get recovered soon.

RIP to all who passed during Sandy. Our region got extremely lucky #bethankful

just walked down 30 flights and up 30 blocks with 30 pounds of luggage - #Sandy #workout

My thoughts, heart, and prayers go out to all of those affected by Sandy.

I'm missing 1Ds ustream aren't I?! Urgh. I can't use a computer. Fuk you sandy.

Well, I certainly hope all my North Eastern peeps are doing well. I feel real bad you've got a hurricane and cold weather. Bad combo.

Prof. Pielke Jr. on damage estimates: 'The current estimates of $20 billion would place Sandy  #Auspol #CarbonTAX

Just made a donation to help Hurricane Sandy victims. 100% goes to relief efforts UMCOR at 800-554-8583.  #umcor #umc

Dammit Sandy Cheeks, making hurricanes and shit :/ #hurricanesandy

El barco BOUNTY, han firmado peliculas de piratas of the caribean se humdio x huracan SANDY COST GUARD RESCATO 14 per.

While much the East Coast is preoccupied with Hurricane Sandy, they're getting fired up for some Monday Night ht

My heart goes out to the millions affected by sandy nature is a powerful thing

Watching the u stream rather than cleaning up the mess of Hurricane sandy #Ask1D Do you like my dedication?

Its officially raining elephants and horses. #sandy

No traffic lights  many near miss accidents!#nyc #sandy

Romney is trying to get some points in the polls by his remarks on Hurricane Sandy.

#GoodNews I got the Xmas tree early this year. #BadNews Looks like it's not gonna fit. #Sandy #StaySafe

It looks like Hurricane Sandy is gonna ruin #Halloween

Feeling great after yesterday. Awoke to all the bad news about Sandy. Amazing pix of my hometown, NYC. New Yawkers area tough bunch though.

#Sandy cut #NYC #NJ #CT to the bone with water, wind and fire; Next cut: sun will set in 3 hrs, ppl w/out power will nearly freeze tonight.

So concerned for all of those affected by the hurricane. #thoughtsandprayers

And Sandy? Really? Hurricane Sandy? Who's job is it to name these? They aren't doing a good jobmight as well call it Hurricane Sunshine.

Hurricane and earthquake in the same weekend. Eosc prof is losing his mind with excitement.

Has Sandy impacted your month end FX trading?:

HC #Sandy: Problems at 5 Nuke Plants  Nine Mile Point knocked out  Enenews  #NY

lieutenant in the U.S. military who l8r became Hurricane climate scientists in his book

FULL EAST END COVERAGE: Hurricane Sandy Arrives - East Hampton, NY Patch

Hey why not give the $$ 2help w/Sandy instead of lookin for attention spoiled child  #yourefired #sandy

If you'd like to help those affected by Hurricane Sandy, here's how to donate to

Hurricane Sandy vs. The Black Airbender:  via

Braving Sandy storm with one of the best Mojito ever!! #Cuban #Mojito #nyc

You know what creates more jobs than ANY other president or person? #Sandy #MotherNature #Rebuilding

corrections officers working / trapped during hurricane haven't been provided food, plz help

My #Sandy/Nor' Easter weather blog Update:

Sitting in car trying to charge phone up and keep my son warmno lights and no heat!!!! #Sandy

Obama Email During Hurricane: 'Got a Phone? Get His Back'  Leadership, Obama style. #tcot #tiot #twcot #jcot #bcot #ccot

NY Media Fumbles, Fights Its Way Through Sandy

After the worst hurricane in decades to hit the East Coast Mitt Romney has no opinion on FEMA

the hurricane is why it closed but apparently they were having electric problems  my friend  I spelt something burning

It's not a hurricane but if you're holed up bc of one why not pass 1 minute by voting for Mabrey's room in the finals?

You are running out of things to put on TV #sandy

Social media responds, pays forward in Super Storm Sandy

WIA is CLOSED until further notice. Stay tuned for the latest details. Hope everyone is safe and sound post-Sandy. Wishing you all well!

The weather's been brutal, but the night before Sandy hit, the Irish Hills were looking beautiful!

I WILL NEVER FORGET MY BIRTHDAYTHANK YOU SANDY :-)

#sandy - my parents neighbor lost this tree right before the storm. Winds knocked it away from house. #thankGod http

Trouble calling us at 1-800-665-8400? Lots of reports of phone lines down after #Sandy - email, tweet or FB if you can't phone

In memory of Sandy at 184th st and 89 ave . Jamaica Queens

Thank god we don't live in the Caribbean. Storms like Sandy come every summer. Fuck the bullshit.

80 houses burn down in New Jersey. God Blessed Them. #Sandy

Does #Sandy have you stranded at home? Here's some Netflix streaming suggestions:

Hurricane Sandy halts TV and film production, cancels massive concerts

Bushs #FEMA Director DuringKatrina Criticizes #Obama For Responding To #Sandy Too Quickly

I am so sorry for all those affected by the hurricane. I got so so lucky and I still have power. I really do feel horrible

Latest Reports About Hurricane Sandy update  #HurricaneSandyupdate

So did the Sandy thing in NY happen already?

Sandy mad cause I fucked and never called her/ so she's calling up Katrina asking for advice  now they dike.

FROM  At Red Cross, President Obama warns of more flooding caused by Sandy: `This storm is not yet over'

I've called the KLGA AWOS three times just because. #pilotproblems #sandy

Prayers up #Sandy // Yes, and God's peace to their families.

chargin my electronics since the power went out at my school due to the hurricane. wbu

shout out 2 my niggaz in NY holding it down in dat young Sandy

Hey I know you live in the area where the sandy has been just hoping you and your loved ones are doing alright! Stay safe!

USPS urges voters with absentee ballots to mail them ASAP. Political mail will still be processed in a timely manner despite Hurricane Sandy

Please come back hurricane. I need another day off):

#WantedWorldChat i was in cuba when hurricane sandy hit! xoxoxo

Still mad at Sandy! I spent unnecessary money just to accommodate her ass!

Our thoughts are with all of those affected by Hurricane Sandy. Please be safe.

Jeff Halevy #waywire Hurricane Sandy Message to NYC  #waywire

Hope everyone in the northeast is safethey aren't used to it like us. Plus that storm was ridic. #sandy

role of Facebook vs Twitter during Super Storm Sandy.  Interesting read   #socialmedia #digitaldollar

Smokies tourists come for fall color, find winter white: Hurricane Sandy continued to drop early snow o  #memphis

I feel like Sandy came into my room like I just cleaned my room. This is what happens when I stay in the house my room gets dirty lol

Ripped from the roots, thanks Sandy.

Still no powertime to kick these fireplaces into gear! Sure hope he knows what he's doing. Never been used. LOL  #sandy #firemarshallbill

No, no it isn't hurricane killed a few people in NY :/

Some Central Jersey towns under 'boil water advisory' following Sandy: NJ SANDY 103012 HURRICANE SAN  #jerseycity

#Sandy bringing massive 25 ft+ #waves to #chicago #lakeshore  Marina Lakefront

Sandy Shuts Down Nuclear Plants: DNews Nugget: Two US nuclear power plants were shut down early Tuesday in the a

Not to sound stupid or anything But I never knew New York and the surrounding states were in danger of a hurricane.

we'll follow instructions only if it comes in the guise of a scary advance tax TVC #Sandy #Nilam

Watching the news about storm sandy its fucking reyt bad

Yall should watchout for hurricane CINDY, am going to sweep the whole of lagos state and make ibadan ur nxt lasgidi!

Tonight my thoughts are with all those affected by hurricaine Sandy. Be safe and well. Much love and light to all.  Xxx

Startin to feel yucky. Really? But, my probs are small compared to those affected by #Sandy Prayin for all my East Coast friends..

We the 47% pay our fair share in taxes 2 help others in the USA after disasters like Hurricane Sandy unlike Mitt Romney and his rich friends

#india #business : Sandy hits European airlines, insurers  markets: Sandy hits European airlines, insurers  ma

Praying for everyone in NYC, New Jersey, Delaware and all of the surrounding cities  towns. #Sandy

Sandy fucked a lot of shit up. Good thing i'm not in NYC right now

New York has banded together through this difficult time after being hit by Hurricane Sandy. Everyone from the East Coast office is safe.

Hey sandy does ur boyfriend know your fucking us

Sadly but no! There is fire because of Sandy! I'm watching Sky News! Lol

You know what this hurricane was traumatizing so I think school should be cancelled until we're all emotionally stable. It makes sense

Sandy update post for 2200 hrs CDT tonight

Special Weather Statement issued October 30 at 2:34PM EDT by NWS: SANDY LOCAL STATEMENT AF  #FrederickMD

Jigga aint say nothing bout Sandy yet

Are these worth getting through Hurricane Sandy's Aftermath?! You betcha!!! x0D

Guardian: Sandy leaves millions in the dark as officials warn restoration will be slow

It's not funny to joke about Sandy.

Hurricane Sandy really messed the US

Will you go to New York, for that concert in Madison Square garden? Sandy caused a lot of damage there. (live at

I'm watching BBC news gosh the worlds a sad and sorry sight atm . I pray for those effectedto be effected by #sandy stay strong !

Hurricane Sandy epic car drift

We are stand up as New Yorkers and be stronger! We don't think Sandy would damage New York City. We will overcomes!

Hurricane sandy in nyc. Florida is looking real good. Hope my family stays safe though.

would like to know how the other, less financially prosperous countries in Hurricane #Sandy's path are doing.

79th Street Boat Basin in NYC took a beating.  Looks like at least 1 dock collapsed.  #sandy

Just saved a bird from #sandy #changing lives today!

I guess I can't complain about today's foggy weather when #sandy is over on the east coast

Omg I heard more than 30 people died in usa because of the hurricane ??

Glad sandy did decide to come on Thursday Y'all annoying asses would have flooded IG w/y'all ugly throwbacks.

Hopefully my bro and mom don't get washed away by hurricane sandy

As reports of flooding, fires and other major property damage from Hurricane Sandy continu

great chat today!4 people ANYWHERE,Sandy is good reminder 2 have emergency 'go' kits ready plans in place,as CDC says.

#Sandy may end up causing about $20B  damages and a further $10B to $30B more in lost business

#Sandy Another old tree down in Jersey City

RT Praying 4  the Point Church in Long Island. The church building has sustained major damage from hurricane.

Sandy humbles New York, but not for long:

This was terrible news to wake up to this morning. God damn Sandy Rivers #wordplay #haha

does GB repeat other nights ? No power thx to Sandy.

All the trees are naked :/, Sandy stripped there leaves.

Global warming is a myth they said, climate change is happening all by natural causes they said. #SANDY

Of all the Sandy pics, I'm pretty sure this is my favorite:

Word on the street is that and Village Vanguard made it through #Sandy.

Mother Nature has a way of reminding us WHO is really in charge!  #Sandy brought something the country has never before seen! Pray for all.

I wonder where all the homeless went during this hurricane :/

Lost power here for a few hours overnight, but it's back on now. Staying inside- winds still howling. #Sandy

I been aight just know hurricane Trisha came thru

I mean I'm pretty sure the ratings were so good on Castle last night because all the other channels showed reruns because of Sandy? but cool

So far #sandy is winning big time

For those of you looking for a hot meal after #Sandy, #Kefi and #FISHTAG are both open tonight for business.

I swear I don't want to go back to state today. Why couldn't sandy fuck #VSU up?!

Most of Georgetown closed. But staying away from my cold dark house. #sandy

just say when and ill pack my bags. Lol except a hurricane just same through so we might wanna head west.

offers full Sandy coverage at  with links to our sister sites across the Northeast.

New York City: Massive Flooding, Fires and Blackouts After Sandy via Rod 2.0:Beta #gay #news #lgbt

Hurricane Sandy's Aftermath: The storm flooded the streets, turned out the lights, and dampened showbiz in New Y

Yeh well Hurricane Sandy's got her own Twitter now, just so she can let people know where she's heading - WHY? :/ x

WOW. acting like a real class act today donating that $5 Million to Sandy relief. #ThanksDonald

#ThinkingPostitive But I think Sandy's wind is coming to London because my mum saw a tree which has fallen down!

Our 800 #s at IIABNY are finally working! You can now call in using them for information and assistance regarding Sandy.

That is why OBAMA is OUR President because he is PRESIDENTIAL! #Sandy

Oh man, look at all this hurricane happening Good thing schools closed.

Sandy flipped my car that's why I couldn't go to school

Join  for a call on how to raise money after #sandy

she's so biased left leaning n reporting its a disgrace 2journalists.Ask Ohio if they were hit by #Sandy!Ungrate

The Boston Public Library is incredible. Getting my nerd fix on during Sandy.

Wish that every one came out safe from this hurrican god bless #sandy

Our hearts go out to all those affected by the devastation of Hurricane Sandy. It's been wonderful to hear so

Stay safe New Yorkers! Greetings and dismay from Germany to all people affected by #Sandy #NY

Shark in the street (NEW YORK) Hurricane #Sandy  #NY

Travelers around the world stranded by Sandy: Stuck. Stranded. In limbo. Whatever you call it, weary fliers grou

big girl sandy is gonna rape us all!

Yo Sandy, why you so bi-polar?

my finger is on the button: Famous Hollywood ship HMS BOUNTY sinks in Hurricane Sandy - vastderp:

#URGHARO: query-2kg seeking celebrity publicists, managers and agents with info on clients helping out in wake of Sandy.

thanks!! They are fine! Wish i could say the same for my nerves though. #scary #sandy

Sandy is a bigger tease than my gf..

Some (tragic obviously) but pretty stunning images of the effects of Hurricane Sandy on here, poor NYC :(

ALERTA: Call of Duty Players - Hurricane Sandy affecting Activision's east coast servers, may affect connectivity:

Sandy's economic hit may be softened by cleanup, rebuild and insurance  -  (blog)

Special Hurricane Sandy Edition - CelebrityFind ReView

Just when you thought Sandy was finished she comes back

Sandy hits Cobble Hill #frankenstorm #brooklyn  Hill

I was the target of an attempted hurricane hookup last night as a guy with a 99% Enemy rating (no joke) sent me a message on OKC.

Sandy fucked up my yard though.

um, hope those getting the worst of Sandy doing alright. Yeah.

Re NY hospital w/o power:Nurses carried sick newborn babies down 9 flights of stairs, manually pumping air into lungs #Sandy #Godblessnurses

no, but we well be, with help, we need everyone to text REDCROSS to 90999 to make a $10 donation for hurricane relief, thanks

PIC: Beach Avenue in Cape May, N.J.  #birds #birding #Sandy

82 Desire, 8th in the Skip Langdon #mystery series, is #free today:  #books #fiction #hurricane #thriller

Mi nuh too certain why dem afi call it Sandy tho

My name is Leslie and I'm a 2012 hurricane Sandy survivor lmfao :3

Check This Out:  by loadupthacanons Working on a stormy night sandy is the last woman I'm worried about

Brooklyn side of the Battery/Carey tunnel entrance -- empty but no visible water #Sandy

Just heard mambo #5 on the radio. Pretty sure it's because it says Sandra in the sun. SandraSandyLou Bega knew all along. #sandy

This is the story of a girl, would cried a river and flooded the east coast #Sandy

Hoping all our BBQ friends stayed safe during #Sandy

Last night on Twitter, a user with the name spread malicious rumours about Hurricane Sandy,

Obama speaking on the hurricane he a beast

So this is what a hamster feels like #stuckinside #Sandy

your a little latehurricane sandy is over

i don't get why obama is being criticized for responding to a hurricane too quickly, he's just doing what any president should do

38 people dead from hurricane sandy. My heart and prayers go out to all of those affected by this hurricane xo

#LiveWireRecords Has Sandy Capsized Your Life? Here's One Thing To Be Thankful For: By Captai  #LiveWireAthletics

I hope my new homi is good, I saw he was tweeting about Sandy earlier.May God be with anyone nearby and their families.

Pres #Obama, Gov #Christie will survey affected areas in New Jersey tomorrow #Sandy

Hurricane Sandy! Working out of Barnes and Noble today!

#Sandy #staysafe We are thank you! How's Carlos Souza? Love to all.

No power and broken tree limbs at home, but I'm about to board my flight to Japan! Stay tuned for photos and videos tomorrow. #Sandy

Election postponement would seem unlikely  #Sandy

we'll buy him a cow  a Cardiff ticket! #happydave you still alive then are you? how's sandy? X

Much cuter than Sandy: little Miss Brynn, with my brother Richard.

Heard that u got blown by sandy. Good cuz thats all the blowing u GET

we survive a hurricane, and I still counted around 15 gunshots in crown heights last night around 4 am. business as usual. #hurricanesandy

False Hurricane Sandy rumors: Police scanner fools Twitter into spreading misinformation.

We are safe and sound Back to work and school.  How are you guys holding up? #Sandy

With All Eyes On Super-Storm #Sandy, A Good Time to Evaluate Micro-Grids

God Hurricane Sandy hit hard all my aunts and cousins and uncles live in NY

*hugs* Yes! Perhaps once this hurricane weather has passed, we should start planning! !! :D

Make a donation to the Red Cross  help the victims of Hurricane Sandy here:  #Sandy #RedCross

Social-Media Users Flock to Facebook for Sandy Updates - Bloomberg

To those twitter colleagues in NY and other areas affected by #Sandy, stay safe. Thoughts are with you.

Guys I'm watching the damage of sandy it's pretty bad in some places

So sad seeing all the destruction from #Sandy

US preacher blames Sandy on homosexuals ONLY IN AMERICA #120,346

I just see time square live onda news NYC looks so Sick man so Wanna go after sandy goes of course

The storm #HurricanSandy didn't kill me yea eat the #Sandy

President Obama heading to New Jersey on Wednesday to survey storm damage with Gov. Christie. #Sandy

I am so sorry for all of the people who had to go through Hurricane Sandy.

wait what if gangnam style was actually a giant rain dance, and we brought the hurricane on ourselves like wut

Dressing up as sandy for Halloween,let the candy rain down on me

My mother and brother are safe in New Jersey But just found out my peeps in #PERTH #AMBOY just lost her waterfront property to #SANDY

Extreme weather precautions to keep in mind.  Supplied by the County of #Lambton. #Sandy

Keep in mind that the hurricane actually missed us by ohhhhhh say like 300 miles. Jersey/NY/anywhere else that got it bad my hearts with ya

Will Hurricane Sandy Change the 2012 Presidential Election? [POLL]

Sandy was wild thank God is over :)

MT Want to help after #sandy? Donate to -- which is up and running today:

Hurricane Sandy downed our data centre.  Several of our domains are down until approximately 6 PM to 8 PM EST (hopefully) Oct. 30th.

I find it ironic that I finally go to get guitar lessons and they're cancelled 3 weeks straight. But this week it's not their fault. #sandy

aha I know, I'm sooo happy! Btw hope everything is okay where you are with that hurricane!

Things are about to get serious. Gloves please. I'm going in. #sandy #cleanup

I had a dream that Hurricane Sandy blew my dog away

Hurricane Sandy Disaster Relief Efforts -

Just noticed there is a (hopefully) rubber hand lying in my neighbors yard. Very random #Sandy debris. #Halloween

Told myself over the weekend that I was gonna go to every class this week without any skipsthis hurricane's making it so much easier

DE MUY MALA HOSTIA. SANDY NO ES NADA COMPARADO CONMIGO AHORA MISMO.

Tree down a block away from my apt. building. #sandy

This day blows. Nope, not making a lame Sandy joke; just having a shitty ass day.

This pine is being held up by the wires. Took off top of utility pole #sandy #bronx

My cable  Internet went out just an hour ago (still have power). Phone n/w is down so unable to call  complain. Help? #sandy

Sandy isn't a hurricane, it's the popular 2012 Halloween costume for females. They just have to act reckless  blow everything #Jokes

It's fun riding with strong winds at your back #sandy

up close the dangling boom crane on 58th. #Sandy

Is it considered bad that Obama went to help the victims of Hurricane Sandy? I don't understand why people are upset about that.

I'm confused. News keep showin us the damage. sandy done gone about her business so start cleaning this shit up.

other then the hurricane.. Haha no its been great fun.

the hurricane. You treatin it nicely? I heard Canadians are real friendly

am i the only one who'd rather go to school than get fucked up by a hurricane?

Ak's pizza,  roxbury  hurricane sandy #they delivered!!

Yes , it's horrible !!!!!!!!! #Sandy sucks !!!!! I hope they're safe !!!!! :( 333 . Love You !!!!!

even the super powers cry too #sandy. Shida si ya Afrika pekee.

Hope everyone made it through SANDY ok! We will be in operation tomorrow! Back to work :)

there are like 10+ people missing in my three hour class. Can I be excused? #class #hurricane #sandy #nothankyou #bye

I feel like my mind is in the midst of a damn hurricane. I think I see why I kept you out of my dreams. My reality is pure chaos.

Breaking News! Mitt Romney Refuses To Talk About FEMA After Hurricane Sandy Event

The Great New England Hurricane of 1938:  via  Incredible video.

she's in Boston!  _ in super storm Sandy.

it's the little things can't wait for the post-sandy music mix that dj will throwin down tonight! suck it, sandy!

Gangman Style is a ancient rain dance that brought this hurricane #damnjapanese

#Sandy, sounds like a name of a blonde hot chick, not a massive hurricane.

nahh this bitch sandy ruined that for tonight again

New York Airports Stay Closed, Outlook Dim for Wednesday - Airlines planned carefully for Sandy but now await the r

I am surprised that the mouth breathers didn't blame the Pres for sandy.

Thinking of those going through #Frankenstorm Hope everyone is safe.. #Sandy

DAMN YOU SANDY, PUSHING THE BARN OVAH AND SHIT.

This hurricaine sandy twitter is great haha.

I kinda wish it was blizzard sandy instead of hurricane sandy

Running mate advocates #FEMA be DISMANTLED  holds campaign events masquerading as #Sandy

Is #Sandy working in Obamas favor? I think so.

Hurricane Sandy: Insurance Interests Say Worse Than Irene, Tie Storm to Larger Issues #hurricanesandy  (via

Breezy Point, New York was absolutely devastated by #Sandy  via

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all those who were affected by Hurricane Sandy.

Chris Christie only appears reasonable when his state is attacked by forces of nature with Jewish names. #sandy

I'm so bored. I wish I had a hurricane around me so I could get drunk and laugh at shit falling over and flooding.

Hurricane wreaks havoc on data centres

Rappers please no Hurricane Sandy bars / songs

The hurricane chili has now spoiled. Devastation at 16 Bolton.

They say karma is a bitch !! I hope #america got wat it meant as Hurricane Sandy unleashes on the east coast !

#Sandy sank the HMS Bounty replica.  Footage from an earlier voyage:

Let's rise to this challenge and make polluters pay for Sandy relief efforts  via

Shaare Tefila Two Minutes of Torah: VaYera and Hurricane Sandy - 11/3/12

MT Please help UMCOR respond to #Sandy. Text RESPONSE to 80888 to give a $10 donation to support disaster resp

Has me thinking after last nights Sandy landfall and the market closure, destruction, etc.. #Iran #climatology

so you guys are saying if more homes/buildings were destoryed and the power was still out sandy would've been better? ignorant as hell

Whether it be the sun or a hurricane, watching the world end would be insane. And if I'm dying I'm doing it blowed as f

Remember Hurricane Sandy killed more people BEFORE it hit America. The death toll is far higher than 33

Join us in sending Reiki to those impacted by Sandy. Details to follow on raising funds for those in need

Last night, Sandy flooded streets with rain. Today, just as it starts causing fires, it stops raining. This dick hurrica

great! will do same and keep you posted!  yes would be wonderful to meet you too -- I left after Clapper for fear of #Sandy

how are we supposed to get a free taco when there was a hurricane?

I hope everyone is safe .(#sandy) !! all I can do is say a wee prayer. I know its not much ( I live in the uk)

think he's stuck in the hurricane. Should try living in Scotland. Can't remember the last time I seen the sun.

Props to Alabama Power for helping us out in NJ after #sandy.  THANKS

We hope everyone in Bklyn and beyond is safe. Donate to help victims of Sandy here:

7 insurance tips to deal with Sandy's damage: Millions of people are looking for help in the aftermath of Hurric

Feeling for those in the States dealing with 'Sandy' and her aftermath. Kia kaha (be strong) arohanui (much love) xx

sorry,hon..you got it worse from sandy than we did

Everybody was talking mad shit last night but this hurricane was actually really serious.

I liked a video from  OFFSHORE : HURRICANE SANDY : PODCAST INFO

If you're confused about Sandy destroying New York, its the storm Sandy, not Sandy Duncan.

Calm before the storm in #Harlem, New York #sandy #storm #hurricane #newyork

Sandy has stopped fishing for now, but we'll all get back out by Thursday or Friday!

Get your business back up and running after #Sandy

Worse than Sandy is the hurricane of phone calls from relatives asking if I'm ok. I survived some cunty ex-girlfriends.

special thanks to this morning he was a stranger now he is the guy who helped me find my mom! Props. #Sandy

Sandy ripped several huge trees out of the sidewalks in Sunnyside Gardens -

We extend our good thoughts and well wishes to all affected by Hurricane Sandy.  Please stay safe.

Some interesting pictures about the effects of storm Sandy.

Thank you and for the constant updates, leadership, and support during #Sandy

So this is y I don't have power #sandy

Shipments coming from one of distributors affected by Sandy will be delayed.  This will affect mostly graphic novels and some figures.

More deaths from superstorm Sandy: The death toll from superstorm Sandy has risen to 30 in

Hurricane Sandy killed a ton of people.   Psych! That's the wrong hurricane!

What if Gangnam Style is actually just a giant rain dance and we brought this hurricane on our selves??

A parking lot full of yellow #cabs is #flooded as a result of superstorm #Sandy on Tuesday, in Hoboken, #NJ . #AP

Even if it was summer and this hurricane happened it'd still be chilly and rainy sooo you're all stupid

Hurricane passed no skool livin life awesome

Indiana Task Force One is in Pennsylvania and headed toward New York City to help with Superstorm Sandy aftermath. No d

Best media disaster response ever!  TG it isnt 100% #Sandy as well

President Obama just came to HQ and thanked Red Cross for relief work #sandy Photo - Karen Snider  v

Interesting infographics on #Sandy in NYC area. I wonder if the power failures map is from #PowerView or #SSRS?

Images: Superstorm Sandy causes death, floods and destruction

Let's hope that #Sandy is in a good mood tomorrow as she prowls TDOT

The first #Egyptian Woman to die in Super Storm #Sandy  May She RIP tearing my heart :(

Floating Concert Hall Bargemusic Battered But Secure After Hurricane #Sandy

Romney Collects Food for Sandy Victims ~ Video

The dogs are SO excited by all the fallen branches! #hurricanesandy #sandy

That storm was bad compare able almost to hurricane Katrina

My only companions during this hurricane are my dog and this lizard i'm keeping alive by keeping warm #NoLife

Don't worry. Watch my tweets. If I can keep up then you're good to go. Ah Sandy didn't catch y'all?

The costs from #Sandy could reach $4.3 billion.

Find a Safe Haven after Sandy: Hey all, I created a group for people in the NYC area who are looking for a safe htt

My blackout night has been nerf and ping pong in the dark..thanks Sandy

#Sandy update 3:  I have no power or cell at Union Sq apart. Camped out at Roosevelt Hotel lobby charg

Hurricane Sandy is such a shit name for a hurricane

Anybody think this hurricane might actually come back after all the shit y'all been talking ?

Park Slope looks OK, except for a few streets hit hard by fallen trees. #sandy  Slope, Brooklyn

Hurricane Sandy: 15,000 flights are cancelled as LaGuardia is under water

President Obama Talks iPod on Radio as Hurricane Hits: As Hurricane Sandy barreled toward the Mid-Atlantic this

Will hurricane #Sandy be a defining moment for #Obama's presidency like hurricane Katrina harrowed G W #Bush's disastrous legacy?

cuz we're getting hurricane sandy up here:S probs a snow day tomorrow lol

This has got to be the most recent out-of-touch idea from #Romneybot. Clueless, ignorant, totally ridiculous. #Sandy

What if Gangnam Style was a huge rain dance, and we brought Hurricane Sandy upon ourselves?

I hope everyone is safe after the storm!!! #Sandy

how bout only a 3 day week Sandy?? #onemoreday

Obama jumps through hoops to give Sandy Fluke free contraception. Funny that Sandy is Fucking him now to close out his Presidency #hurricane

Long Island Representatives Ask Congress to Approve FEMA Funds #Sandy   via

When an old person starts talking about Hurricane Sandy, call it Hurricane Randy then sit back and enjoy their reaction. Yes, I'm a child.

Just donated to the Red Cross. My prayers are with all those affected by Sandy That Sandy was a really pissed off Spirit

My dad is going to blame the hurricane for the reason that he can't visit next weekend :'( oh well

18 MONTHS AGO A 5.8 EARTHQUAKE FOLLOW BY A FLOOD HIT THE SAME LOCATION OF HURRICANE SANDY. REMEMBER HOW IT DAMAGE THE WASHINGTON MONUMENT?

#GPV Re: Chris Christie: Obama Has Been 'Outstanding' During Sandy: Quote from: JohnThornton on Today at 11:44:2

Sandy fucked more people than I have #whore

What will the next generation of infrastructure look like?  #Sandy

SANDY YOU BITCH THAT WAS MY FAVORITE BRANCH OMG

The amount of damage Sandy caused tho

This photo of the fires at Breezy Point is probably the scariest/saddest. #sandy

One does not simply save a dog from a hurricane without getting tweeted about

WH statement on Hurricane #Sandy - storm started spontaneously after video on YouTube was shown.

our son started an online campaign to raise money for victims of #Sandy. Can you spread the word?

Sandy you've left me with nothing else to do except wrestle my dogI hope you're happy

I'm sure you're loving all this free publicity #sandy

We never get a hurricane. It's a killer that we get no excitement, #dropoverherewhenyourdonesandy

This Daktronics #LED message center (photo 8) survives hurricane #Sandy  via

#sandy Willow tree down in Harleysville PA.one of many

As a long-time New Yorker, troubling takeaway from Sandy is how easily this city can get shut down, no communication, power, food, water

Hurricane Sandy twitter be havin me weak lol

but towards schools we are, plus it's a hurricane, we dont have to. only on snow days lol

My 3,000th tweet is going out to my budfies who serve, those in danger due to sandy, and me turning the page on another part or my life. #yo

hurricane sandy was such a fail. i live in MA near the coast and i didnt even lose power lololol

haven't been able to watch Ellen for 2 days now due to sandy. Hope the power comes back soon

that hurricane was weak for Maryland, I was expecting to wake up with trees in front of my house and everything.

The Local and State Officials have more than enough resources to handle the aftermath of Sandy.

Hurricane After Party tonight Place in Buffalo, NY. Bring your ASS down here and Shake it!!

Youngest's Update::: Sandy spawns blizzard conditions over West Virginia: A foot and more of snow was reported i

My oven light is way bigger than a hurricane.  (Not. You're quite right of course :-) )

Spoke too soon about Park Slope #Sandy

Everyone'll think it's funny to go as #Sandy tomorrow. Either be more creative or at least go as the damaged part you live in. #Halloween

Due Too Sandy I Will Never Be Returning To Union!

Damn you Sandy. I was really looking forward to watching Gossip Girl and 90210 this week. Thanks a lot.

I feel u, me too. How's NY bruh? I heard there was a hurricane or something on the East coast. U good?

y is their a need for shades Donna lol we are in a hurricane summer is over booboo lmao

i hope people know hurricane sandy hasnt hit yet, its supposed to rain tillfriday.. lol

The Red Cross is providing relief for Hurricane Sandy.  You can donate by texting the word YES to 90999 to give

The U.S. Meteorological Office has issued a stark warning that Hurricane Sandy has been upgraded from a Tropical Storm to a British Summer.

strippers and regular college chicks both living triff with no power in they crib before hurricane sandy

I feel bad for the people hit by Sandy aggravating ass

This may be super inappropriate bit I have a hankering for seafood right about now. #Sandy #AVTweeps

Good luck to those people that is stucked with Sandy

Hey guys! How did Motema Palace fair after Sandy? You all okay? x

Our thoughts are with those who have been affected by Hurricane Sandy.  One way we can help is by donating to the

Poll Q - ' Did you take extra precautions in advance of #Sandy?' Yes? No? Tweet your answer. #Hamont

Katrina and Sandy were pressure release valves on the wrath of God  that America is storting up for itself with its immoral life style

*Paces around, bulging torso and smile bigger than Sandy*

Superstorm Sandy breaks records - Law Enforcement Affairs  via

The Red Cross is in desperate need of help to help victims of Superstorm Sandy!  Donate today!ALSO:  If you are

Pets matter too! You can donate 2 2 help animals affected by #Sandy. Text HUMANE to 80888 (Billed via monthly statement) #att

For Cuomo and Christie, Sandy Offers Peril and Possibilities - WNYC

Praying for everyone who has been affected by this terrible hurricane.

I didn't even know the damage from Sandy was that bad. The east coast is in serious need of some prayers

You know what's surprisingly not a spirit lifter? Clicking through endless pages of Superstorm Sandy's aftermath for work related purposes.

It's usually a disaster when 2 women in your life meet.  Caroline, meet Sandy.  (Our 11/1 show at is canceled.)

I literally feel like my house is the hunger games arena right now it's getting kinda scary #AboutToKillEachother #NeedToGetOut #Sandy

Manayunk Shops Survive Sandy Unscathed:

Storm #sandy has taken its toll! NYC cancels official Halloween Parade, unofficial gay holiday!

Mid-Life Cruising!!!: Sandy  A Storm And A Lesson

Hafiz Saeed offers help to USA #Sandy .

I would make fun of the people pulled over taking pictures of the waves but then I realize I stare at them too. #sandy #lakemichigan

Sandy tore  the jersey shore up

huricane  sandy africa some how beta

I've been eating a lot  Fucking sandy, fucking food, fucking boredom

#sandy took all of our NJ trees out of the ground

4 pm Sandy update:  Covers restoration efforts and some of the storm's impact on services. Next update 8 pm ET

stay strong NYC. Praying for ya'll #Sandy

Shopping in the rainConsumers keep online retailers busy as Sandy hits

I donated to to help animals affected by Hurricane #Sandy:  #sandypets please help

Not my dog but cheer up NYC #sandy #puppysgram

Hot Stories Sandy buries West Virginia in snow: Superstorm Sandy buried West Virginia under snow. The   Be online

#highered has remote-access resources available for students and faculty during #Sandy   via

I actually hope this is more twitter misinformation in the wake of #sandy.

I know I feel for them #RedHook #Bkln #Sandy

Kudoos to our Commander and Chief for being there for all of us during #Sandy FEMA was already here to help last night!

Look like I moved just in time from New Jersey to miss this terrible hurricane but been back and forth with family for their updates.!

Myth #Romney: If your house is threatened by a #hurricane, just fly to one of your other homes.#REPUGS

Nurses carried babies down 9 floors, manually helping them breath after generators fail-An incredible story post #Sandy

Last pic ( of Dare County, #NC sheriff on #NCHwy12 heading to Mirlo Beach nr #Rodanthe Could've been worse #Sandy

#Sandy Economic Aftermath $10 ~ 30 billion is estimated lost business receipts.. $20 billion in infrastructure l

Everyone should throw some words of kindness toward 's way. His coverage of the hurricane has been (cont)

Cape May the day after Looks like hurricane sandy was a perfect name

Luckily, I also escaped, but power is out and much destruction up and down the #NJ coast. #Sandy #AISorg

#sandy Can you believe this cat? --I've got justins back!

what a shame and I were just at the park. Private performance..ggd live at Central Park ft #sandy

New Orleans providing shelter for several mostly happy Hurricane #Sandy refugees |

Despite Hurricane #Sandy, Oregon's statewide #gasprices average drops 12 cents to $3.84 #pdxtraffic

in case you think the search for a power outlet at #sic2012 is bad..  #sandy h/t

Rumor has it that all the hookers on the East Coast are pissed because someone called Sandy is blowing everyone

ahhahaa for realim glad #Sandy took her Mood Swings elsewhere tho! she aint the only woman that has them!! LMBO!! ha!

Pres. Obama declares major disaster in NYC, NJ as Sandy kills 28, causes major flooding and fires:

It's crazy how sandy made ppl spend money they didn't have to but im thankful it didn't hit my home town in my prayer goes

I am so proud of the amount of homework I got done during this hurricane.

Everyone thinks sandy knocked all dem trees over but it was MY FARTS!!! LOLSZIES

He is the Best. i hope you  are doing well after the Hurricane mr.s cord.

I hope you survived the hurricane and no damage was done to you or your place.

best game of football ever in the rain n mud with the boys #Sandy #intense

#WTF Bush FEMA Director Criticizes Obama For Responding Too Quickly To Hurricane  || He's kidding, right? #Sandy #p2

kay bye hurricane sandy you are so overrated.

Thnaks for the retweets, all you wonderful people, but H.Sandy forced a cancellation of today's webcast till next week.

When and me lock out of the car in Sandy

Obama has proven he deserves a 2nd term in how he has dealt with #Sandy in addition to common SENSE. Romney can't con

Here's an official release from Nasdaq about today's closure due to Hurricane Sandy.

Hurricane Sandy Aftermath on New York Webcams

Help people affected by #Sandy by donating cash to trusted orgs. Details at

This is so awesome! Check out this video, guy catches MONSTER waves! #sandy  - sp

DTN Korean News: QA: Could Sandy postpone the election?: One week before a close election, superstorm Sandy has

seems like Sandy really aint like trees .

Our deepest sympathy goes out to all who have been affected by Hurricane Sandy you are in our prayers!

No one would ever know Sandy touched Plattsburgh it's beautiful today

For anyone interested in helping out #sandy victims all offices will be collecting supplies. Find o

We will be closed today due to the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy.

thats ok, we were in the middle of a hurricane so HAPPY BESTFRIENDVERSARY!!

Another Halloween Nightmare: Sandy Scares Towns Into Postponing Trick Or Treating: Litchfield First Selectman Leo

One massive hurricane nd all of a sudden the world is ending. I guess.

Not much post #Sandy activity in Ottawa, but some amazing clouds!  Timelapse looking West 2-3pm (cc:

Here's a satellite view of Hurricane #Sandy in the moonlight of early yesterday morning:

Sandy is currently rockin' our servers. More info soon. RT COD  GH servers disrupted by Hurricane Sand

I think Sandy did that thing a favor.gross!!!

Glad sandy didn't destroy my dads sense of humor, just out basement. Hahah God I love him.

I love that geekdom is having a collective seizure on Twitter right now. Anybody remember that Sandy thing anymore?

RT I just want to say I will not let sandy and my horrible experience in jersey destroy my love for this state.. #gardenstateLove

Aftermath of Hurricane #Sandy. Flooding#Hoboken, NJ t.coRead more:

State of Emergency ends at 5PM in Philly. So feel free to go out and egg your neighbors house #mischiefnight #sandy

We ok here power flickered but never went off. We was lucky da coastline got hammered #sandy

This hurricane fucking up my money flow to the max.

So sad 2 hear about all the devastation from #Sandy, esp damage 2 #CityIsland #Bronx. Stay positive!

Movies are more like real life than we thought  #Sandy

'Hurricane Sandy is all caused by the legalization of gay marriage.' Bullshit. Stop tainting a tragedy with your homophobia. Wankers.

romney compares #Sandy to cleaning up high school football field

Hurricane Sandy reminds of the movie The Day After tomorrow #SoSad

how are you btw? Is the hurricane over?

Luckily the essentials are open in the wake of #sandy  Gelateria

Suddenly, #sandy gets second billing as this press release gets released to everybody:

Dis Sandy can't hold you back!

RT As #Sandy bears down on East coast, weather experts debate roll of climate change in extreme eve

Since when is it ok for there to be a hurricane in the northeast at the end of October?

Obama visits Red Cross: 'Storm is not yet over'  #Sandy

News of New Star Wars Episode 7 was followed by mass suicides because after Hurricane Sandy people just COULDN'T fathom another shitstorm

Happy to be on the west coast I'll take an earthquake any day over hurricanes  tornadoes #sandy #prayingforthevictims

Hurricane Sandy: How you can help | Donate Today - American Red Cross

So let me get this straight. Hurricane is blowing New York, Disney bought Lucasfilm and Arsenal is losing 3-nil to Reading? #2012IsComing

Millions without power. Can't even imagine that. Entire state of South Dakota is less than a million people. #Sandy

Need something to cheer you up after the Sandy disaster? Here's the Andy Blankenbuehler sped-up behind-the-scenes video

Cheryl just told me that a quarter of the cell towers across ten states were affected by Sandy. Another reason to

PHOTO: Astronauts Spot Superstorm Sandy From Space  via

A Resident's Post-Hurricane Sandy Tour Of Wall Street - A flooded parking garage on South William Street The power i

Hurricane Sandy Helps Make Case For the FM Chip

Sandy, God's Oct Surprise for baby killer American hating Muslim O!  Prophetic image? http

my heart goes out to all the victims of hurricane sandy, bomb blast victims and victims of the flood

Press Alert: South Africa: Cyclone Sandy lashes US

We're still really jealous, hurricane or not! Have a safe flt home.

I'm expecting some sort of parade when I return to work tomorrow. I mean, I logged on from home during a hurricane, LIKE A GODDAMN HERO!

lol I was about to say you went all the way up to NY to have a hurricane. You should have stayed in South Florida

u know its the end of the world ryt Hurricane Sandy just turned up atReading and tearing Arsenal apart

David Letterman and Jimmy Fallon Tape Shows Without Audiences During Hurricane Sandy: Hurricane Sandy didn't sto

New #Sandy liveblog - how to help, what u need to know:

Switching to CNN to watch smfn betta#Hurricane Sandy.Arsenal is just finished.

Fair and balanced! Iranian PressTV uses 'Day After Tomorrow' photo for #Sandy article via

understatement of the year: Gov. McDonnell: Virginia 'Spared' in Hurricane Sandy Damage cc:

Walking out of News 12 this afternoon was like emerging from Vault 101. #Sandy

For once, we managed to make it through a hurricane/storm up here on Garrison Hill without losing power. I'm amazed. #Sandy #NH

AHHH HURRICANE SANDY IS YELLING AT MEEEEE D:

The Hurricane Sandy jokes though. not funny. Kill it.

Disgaced Bush FEMA director Michael Brown whining that Obama responded to hurricane too quickly. I am not making th

[NYT.Bits] Google Introduces New Emergency Resources in Response to Sandy:  the company's no

TheePRO: Google Introduces New Emergency Resources in Response to Sandy:  the company's nonp

Want to help with the hurricane relief? Find out here:  #sandy #relief

RT Who knew Sandy could be trumped by news of a Mouse taking over a Sith?

A day after Sandy, New Yorkers find a changed city: NEW YORK -- Stripped of its bustle and mostly cut off from the

Hola! See this: Hurricane Sandy puts renewed pressure on food supply in Haiti  [a link in my bio]

#Trump hits a new low after #Sandy via  what a complete ass!

Well that might be a problem Passed 3 other down lines on my way to the library. #hurricane #Sandy

The aftermath of #HurricaneSandy seems to be devastating to parts of #NewJersey and I wish all of you a safe post hurricane clean-up. #NJ

Shop our web store and use CODE: SANDY to receive 20% off of your ENTIRE order!!! TWO DAYS ONLY! Shop here:

I am lucky lucky lucky that not much went down but the inability to get much done thanks to wires/connections is frustrating #SANDY

so starland and our concert wawa were affected by the storm. FUCK YOU SANDY RUINING OUR HOME AND FOOD  SUPPLY

Palin Says Wife of captain Sandy swept overboard awaits update  #teaparty

Why was he even interviewed?  Infamous Bush FEMA director complains Obama reacted too fast to #Sandy

Hurricane Sandy continues to decimate the northeast. In more important news, the FIFA 13 World Championship is back on.

I added a video to a playlist  Hurricane Sandy Chemical Foam Video

Best wishes to everyone, who have to deal with Hurricane Sandy. 3 :(

Email delivery is slow due to Sandy flooding the Internet tubes. Physical plant is on their way to pump to water out.

Share your Storm Sandy photos.  Let's see what has happened the last 24 hours in Mon and Preston Countiesalso,

Sandy may alter campaign terrain in Romney's favor. Watch PA.

First the Tigers lose the World Series, then there's Hurricane Sandy, and now Disney is acquiring Lucasfilm and plans on making Star Wars 7!

If I could send some ppl to go wit sandy lol

I liked a video from  Black Ops | 72-6 | Partnership, #Hurricane Sandy, And more!

Hurricane Wind Blows Over Truck:  via

Been sitting in my car outside the power-less hotel charging my phone#Sandy is a real B-I(-T-C-H)

Hi. Where are you dialing in from? What part of the country? We want to rule out any hurricane interference.

Hurricane Sandy Chemical Foam Video

Oh god the post-hurricane children's room is a writhing mass of insanity and yelling and disarray. Mostly because of the adults.

I'm thinking that means the whiskey got it. #hurricane #whateverittakes

I hope everyone has stayed safe during Sandy. We just got power back thanks to my backup generator. There's about 2

Apparently the hurricane went right over us! Hope everyone else is doing ok!3

Great collection of photos showing #sandy damage on Upper West Side #NYC #SandyNYC

you guys better hope that there are no snow storms this yeah cause guess what sandy is using up your snow days :P

#SANDY is over in No VA and Alexandria has volunteers pouring in ready to get back to work to help and move #forward

No need for mischief night. Sandy till care of it for us. #screwsandy

Am sure this hurricane is guna reach Boston shortly though?

So hurricane Katrina and hurricane Sandy fightin now -_-

MT #Romney has a donate button on his campaign website, goes directly 2 the #RedCross.  #Sandy #Donate

we were in the eye of the storm guys. sandy still ain't shit tho

OMG they are already talking about #frankenstorm sandy as positive for  rebuilding of the US economy. What will it take to wake up America?

TODAY AT 4: More of our extensive coverage of Sandy as millions of Americans go into recovery mode. And, the debate over CCC tolls heats up.

Romney Collects Hurricane Relief Food -

People are not worried about shopping at stores or online, but getting their lives to somewhat normal #retailers don't maximize on #Sandy

Damage here at home is nothing compared to NJ and NYC. #thoughtsandprayers #muchlove #sandy

Photo of  incompetent response to #Sandy w/table of canned peas  box of Rice Krispies is the perfect met

wtf are you talking about obviously #Sandy is a snookie wannabe

Atlantic City Hurricane Sandy: Remembering The City's Iconic Boardwalk (PHOTOS)  via #travel #NewJersey

My daddy just washed all of the hurricane debris off of my Jeep. What a saint. Love him.

Church World Service : Hurricane Sandy: Church World Service responds in New Jersey and Cuba

Between Sandy and #NationalTextYourExDay I think it's been fun times for all

Our thoughts are with all fellow East Coasters as we start recovering frm #Sandy. Thanks for your patience as we work to get back in shape!

i dont have that on my phone. Only laptop. And currently no wifi #sandY #sAnDsLaSh

Prayers to those who are suffering from Hurricane Sandy.

Hurricane Sandy (in my #hurricane 14's - woot woot!)

Just attempted to walk to navy pier in Chicago and was blown away Sandy this is rude

#sandybronx  Saxon  Sedgwick. Tracey Towers in the background. #bronx #sandy

Home Properties Reports on Damage from Hurricane Sandy: ROCHESTER, N.Y., Oct. 30, 2012 /PRNew  denver real estate

So sad seeing the most amazing city in the world look so devastated #newyorkcity #sandy #nyweloveyou

Sandy has turned the elephant in the room into a stampede of elephants. Politicians who ignore may be crushed. #auspol #debates

Monroe canceled today cause they knew the real danger was the hawks not hurricane sandy

Has your project been effected? Hurricane Sandy Threatens $20 Billion in Economic Damage  via

. The amusement park in Seaside is literally in the fucking ocean. Damn, Sandy done fucked things up in the Northside.

Guess #Sandy put a quick end to Autumn up there didn't it.

I can ask him, but I want to wait until hurricane emergency is over. I don't want to lose friends over this, Jencen.

yes, thankfully. I was hardly affected by the hurricane compared to other parts of the city

Hurricane Sandy is Just FUCKED UP! #GodSaveAmerica!

Half the trees in this neighborhood are entirely uprooted, and we're 30 miles inland. Can't even imagine what the Shore looks like. #Sandy

Grateful today. For my son, my family, my home, the good weather and that all of my friends and family are safe post #Sandy in NYC

I'm really worried about Bamboo, The Shore Store  Karma on the Jersey Shore. #Snooki will be sad if they are destroyed.  #Sandy

#Google #Hot #Trend Lindsay Lohan and Other Celebs Have Their Say On Hurricane Sandy  #InstantFollowBack YDNews

During #disasters like #Sandy, govt is the only capable entity that can coordinate  respond effectively. Mitt  his #gangofthugs exposed!

#PrayingForCourtney 3 and other #TWfanmily members who are missing because of Hurricane Sandy! xx

Left my window down during sandy #stupidsammy

We should have covered The Scorpions last night. We blew it. #Sandy

#sandy is a great example of global warming  i would not be suprised if the Mayans were right

Want to help #Sandy victims? Give Blood! Legends 14 Theatres, KCK 2:00-7:00  Fireman's Union Hall, Lee's Summit, MO 3:00-7:00 tonight.

Pour me somethin tall an strong Make it a Hurricane before I go insane Its only halfpast twelve but I don't care Its five oclock somewhere

New respect for the awesomeness of nature. Not because of #Sandy, but in comparison to the petty ugliness of Twitter.

Chris Weidman's home hit hard by Hurricane

Gmail is driving me nuts today - more so than usual. Anyone else?  Sandy effects, perhaps?

Town in Haiti suffers huge crop loss from Sandy' - Macon Telegraph (blog): Town in Haiti suffers huge crop loss

Pffhahaha. I sit through a hurricane, and Twitter is torn between the devastation in New England And Star Wars. This is awesome.

Get on the Internet for 10 minutes and I'm not sure which the bigger blowup was: Sandy or Star Wars?!

Romney is awful, but who are the people advising him to collect groceries the Red Cross doesn't want and not tweet during Sandy?

Hurricane Sandy please be nice , an don't kill Wi-fi 3

New blog post on  - my ramblings on Hurricane Sandy.

Well in 3 years theirs gonna be a bigger disaster than Sandy, its called Star Wars 7

Tragic events in the wake of Hurricane SandyFamilies and businesses up and down the eastern seaboard are

And my twitter feed has nothing about hurricane #sandy anymore. #nerdfriends

Stupid hurricane stopping #gossipgirl and #90210 being aired!

Finally Internet on my phone ! I can follow football again! Arsenal down 4-1? What's going on ?? #SANDY

#Sandy wasn't a joke; but I wonder how stupid some people in Reading feel that went grocery shopping, planning for the apocalypse..?

I don't even think the hurricane will happen

GOP solutions to rebuild after Sandy (Philadelphia Inquirer): Share With Friends:  |  | Business - Economy News,

#DramaAlert might of died from hurricane sandy

Sandy: US death toll at least 39 - Disaster News Network: Sandy: US death toll at least 39Disaster News NetworkA

Listening to comfortably numb while driving through hurricane round 2

Let us all not forget that the true victim of #Sandy is the Gallup polls about next week's election. R.I.P. daily poll coverage. ;_(

Let's be done with #Sandy so we can get to Tech Night! Our and will be holding dow

Our Junior Thunder Player of Saturday Nights game, Colt. Photo courtesy of Sandy French

MT: shout out to our volunteers who are delivering meals to the 7 Phildelphia area emergency shelters #sandy

If sandy turns up tonight I will really fuck with Mother Nature for giving me beautiful weather in the day time

Wow these photos from show so much of #sandy's aftermath

Because of sandy I don't get paid todayWhat kind of bullshit is that!?#hurricaneproblems

Good thing none of my texts are sending not liking sandy at this point..

I want it to flood in my house because nothing happens in Georgia. Like, HURRICANE SANDY COME PLEASE. LOL.

Ontario, Quebec clean up after killer superstorm Sandy - Toronto Sun: NDTVOntario, Quebec clean up after killer

nope! I go to my dentist tomorrow 8am after bracing sandy this weekend.. #tough

At LEAST Obama getting shxt together for this hurricane.

THE UNNEWS IS GOING BONKERS OVER SANDY. BUT A TERRIOST ATTACK, WITH FOUR BRAVE LIVES LOST, OBAMA INEPTNESS, LIES, DECEPTION, TOTAL AVOIDENCE

Jeez feel for the people in north east America #sandy

Very timely meeting considering what's happening in NY, NJ and the rest of the east coast feeling #Sandy's wrath.

DPS TERREMOTO SANDY EU TENHO CERTEZADEUS EH BRASILEIRO

Thanks sandy! No school tomorrow. Plus we have two more days at school before break

Never thought I'd say this, but Starbucks saves the day. People Gathered Outside A Closed Starbucks For Wifi. #sandy

Hopes that Sandy wasn't that bad to you .

hopefully tomorrow, unless fedex is still closed due to the hurricane

lol thats so dumb hurricane domonique.

COMING OUT OF 2-DAY XANAX INDUCED LEAVING-LAS-VEGAS-ESQUE BENDER. I may have seen God. Thanks and most of all, #Sandy

Still a bit tired from the drive home.Trip was great,received new charges and lost others.I did have fun and would have stayed but Sandy cam

Hurricane Sandy should be  eye opener this election. President Obama proves he cares about people. Romney prov

Got my lights Bk from #sandy

Wow. Can't believe this happened.. So sad! #NYC #Sandy

#HonestHour Hurricane Sandy Cleaned Up my backyard Doe c:

Sandy Dunes  Wondering if Sandy really flooded the 86th stop on the R? That and more hurricane rumors!

Oh. Apparently us Canadians are being urged to prepare for hurricane Sandy. I'm gonna dance around in the rain and w

sandy would have been afraid to come ashore and face a real challenger  future President champion of Freedom like Romney

Sandy is fucking up plans, gym, and work. . .

one of the major boardwalks in New Jersey has been swept into the ocean because of the hurricane!

Superstorm Sandy Shuts Out Popular Websites: If you are wondering why The Huffington Post, Gawker, Buzzfeed, and

Listening to the 97 with cleanup sandy mix for us new Yorkers what up ny we strong

any plans 2 set up temporary cell repeaters in the affected areas by #Sandy

I'm glad that this situation is revealing jet ski owners/drivers to be the heroes that we always knew that they could be#sandy

Hoping everyone's person/property stayed safe past day or 2, as combo of Sandy  Full Moon caused crazy tides.

Absentee voting shut down in 9 Virginia communities:   #Sandy#yogathevote

All the way from Hurricane Sandy? Huh?

#Sandy help by meeting w/ vendors  plsRT

Due to #Sandy  conditions Hill Park we had to change the Halloween in the Park event.  Click link for details

I think the remnants of Sandy may be passing over OH!

JWoww's tears as Sunset Heights is destroyed by Superstorm Sandy  via

Hurricane Sandy came and went and left some wreckage in her wake. We are fine and made it through! Our town seems to be up  running again.

thank God!! Yea #sandy dats why I was chkn to make sure ya'll are safe! I'm glad

Note: not The Onion:  Obama moving too fast over Sandy

MT: UGI has restored electric service to 9,439 customers #Sandy. Appx. 8,053 customers remain w/out:

That's crazy people breaking into stores and looting. That's when Sandy was suppose to pick them up and drop there a** in the river

Hurricane Sandy snapped these huge trees in two like they were twigs

Hurricane Sandy pummels the East Coast, Twitter crackles. Disney buys LucasFilm, TWITTER EXPLODES.

Roll call for my friends fighting that bitch, Sandy

Thinking about all the people affected by #sandy.

Just asked #Sandy to come back around n take north philly

Apparently the hurricane made people forget how to drive.

Sandy knocks out 90 NY state power lines, 13 pct of generation: HOUSTON, Oct 30 (Reuters) - New York's electric

Are Democrats that desperate to whack that organizing a food drive 4 hurricane victims is fair game? #desperate #RomneyRyan2012

How fun would grindr be right now? Halloween/Hurricane hookin up!? #klonk

What with: Obama on Reddit raising its popularity, Hurricane Sandy and the low costs of denim, the gay agenda is progressing quickly #scary!

I really hope that the people in hurrican sandy are okay but it better not destroy my precious new york cause i'm moving there

I guess now I get to say that I survived a Hurricane

It's really windy here in IL, but hey, there could be a hurricane outside. Luckily there isn't! Prayers to everyone affected by #Sandy !

38 people killed from sandy?! Awwh. #restinpeace

The hurricane was outside right? Because it looks like shit went down inside my car

and despite massive support needed in New York, New Jersey and other places, Sandy is no longer trending or being m

Guy is going around on a surfboard and a paddle, visiting  #sandy #hurricane #newjersey

All of this hurricane talk made me completely forget it's halloween tomorrow

#Retailer - Benicia Retailer Matching Customer Donations for Hurricane Sandy Fund -

#Heart goes out to all the #Sandy sufferers across the West Indies  in the U.S. #shoutouts

FROM WKRN-TV: 14 TSU students stranded in NYC after Hurricane Sandy

Hollywood News -  Coco's Hurricane Sandy Video from the blog E! Online (US) - Top Stories in the group Holly

RAGE Level: Sandy VaginaMe: Realizing that it's sandy 30 seconds into a marathon.

Hurricane Sandy and Her Aftermath in Photos (SLIDESHOW) - Photos from social media sites of the destruction left in

My husband just said he is ready to go to bed it's 530 pm #sandy

Sandy Grounds Northeast Air Travel: Anyone hoping to fly to or from the Northeastern U.S. today was largely out

I ran one for the Gulf. Is it time for me to get my arse back on LJ and run one for Sandy?

If they had named this hurricane Shanaynay instead of Sandy..people would have been more terrified and evacuated the city!

Did they bring Ernie Anastos out of retirement for Sandy coverage? #keepfuckingthatchicken!

Update on the current power outages in Sutton MA due to #Sandy -

can't belive all the deaths and destruction that Sandy has brought and all the financial cost of reconstruction it would require too

It is raining quite hard I thought sandy was over!?

Experts are predicting insured losses of $5-10 billion from Sandy ( Where do you think it:

Post Sandy (artobserved?format=xml): Share With Friends:  |  | Top News - Art Stories, RSS Feeds and Widgets via

Saw bits and pieces today, but people are actually pushing for legal action against a guy on Twitter who made up #Sandy news?

Has anyone checked if hurricane sandy is heading in this direction? Its offa windy. #boardupthewindows

will MittRomney take advantage of the can-good drive in Ohio as a tax write-off for himself??  #TakingAdvantageOfVICTIMS #SANDY

That was Sandy? I know people who's farts are windier and wetter than that storm

NYSIF Policyholders: Important message re upcoming Field Services/Premium Audit appts due to #Sandy.  #workerscomp

If #Sandy was a person : i'll snap her for destroying/taking some life's people AND for postponing some TVShows.

Obama on Hurricane: 'We Leave Nobody Behind' really? just 4 brave Americans in #Benghazi  via

Micheal Brown (hurricane Katrina) is saying that is responding 2 quickly 2 hurricane #Sandy-- questions speed of Libya response

Our thoughts are with our colleagues on the East Coast.  As a result of the hurricane we've lost our email and website. Call 604-299-5115

Heckuva job Brownie criticizes Obama's response to #Sandy:  ht

no one should have one complaint right nowturn the news onthose hurricane victims have something to complain about.

Superstorm Sandy and Romney 's FEMA Dismantlization Plan:  via

This weekend, 'Hurricane Sandy' couldn't stop the efforts of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund's 12th annua

I'm happy #sandy didn't get Mr. Bunny. thanks for providing a platform for voice-over talent

Were you affected by Sandy? If so, are you okay? How can we pray for you?

Does iMessage being down have anything to do with Hurricane Sandy? If so, people relax, much more important things that instant msging.

Lol, yo ya hurricane sandy tweets bipolar Af. first ya flooded, then ya good, then trees falling, then ya lights on. lik

supermoms check deer summer sausage check 7.50 for uclub check #survival #sandy #section8

Yo, people took some scary ass pictures when that hurricane hit NY.

Super storm Sandy seems like she wants to travel the world

Media, civilians,  residents flock to see burned remains of Tony's Restaurant. #Sandy #Bronx #NYC #cuj13 #cityisland

Hurricane coverage exhaustion? Just felt what I thought was a pebble in my boot. Turns out it was a Tylenol pill. No idea  #SandyInPhilly

Sandy this Sandy that, riding a jet-ski through the city sounds fun as hell

MT Current Flood Events - Hurricane #Sandy and more. #Weather #LinkedData

Our hearts go out to all those affected by Hurricane Sandy. We wanted to share this photo of a NICU baby being

Donald Trump has replaced That's a sorry state of affairs. :( (I know it's due to Sandy

The European computer model had #Sandy forecast nailed more than a week in advance. Why are they better than U.S.? h

Boo: Can we go bladin' today?Me: No, it's super windy from the hurricane and you might blow away.Boo: FLYING AND BLADING, YES!

Just saw our section of town on the news. Very sandy but doesn't look like much structural damage

This hurricane is making me stress eat / bored eat and chain smoke. SANDY YOURE KILLING ME

thanks! no clue why, but i didn't get this tweet until now! i think i'll blame sandy. #dirtystayout

im legit all red right now its hard to spray your hair i look like i got sunburned even though its fall in the middle of a hurricane.

Yes, it is pretty tight.It would've been ok w/o Sandy. Now, who knows. It is the weekly option, that's usu all I trade

At Aquarium Pacific  Long Beach giant 3-D live wx globe shows awesome size of superstorm 'Sandy'. My reports

Northeast dealing with huge damage in storm's path #sandy

yjamls!  its crazy sandy did so much damage

I'm always ok. No sissy hurricane is takin' me out the game.

So #Sandy takes 100's with it and gets 4 days on International Media! #ChildCancerAwareness takes 100's of Thousands a year

They should name hurricanes with more ghetto names. I'd be terrified of hurricane Shanaynay or Laquasha or some crap

How To Power Through The Next Sandy: The aftermath of Hurricane Sandy has left more than 8 m  #marketing

Dodged the bullet of #Sandy. A little water but no damage  power stayed on. Whew. Thanks.xx

I love you but quiet down. #Wenger figure it out, #Gunners are back! How are you watching the match no power in nyc #sandy

i knowww , man Sandy in the way !

Can't think of a better personal post-mortem on this hurricane hell than to get to watch professionals play basketball tonight. #NBAtweet

Tonight is joining tonight talk climate change and cyclone Sandy. Don't miss it! 9E/6P only on TV.

Fannie, Freddie give relief to borrowers hit by Hurricane Sandy  money

Thanks! We've taken shelter on the UES. But, after this is over, let's all hang! #Sandy

THE POWER IS BACK ON! FUCK YOU, SANDY, BITCHASS NIGGA.

Join and I in 15 minutes on for the latest on #Sandy and the area volunteers doing what they can to help.

I need my fuckin lights stupid ass bitch Sandy but for now cooking in the dark with hella candles n flash lights

Rockland Bus Service Sparse After Sandy: Rocklanders who rely on local buses to get around will have to find a

Hurricane Sandy raises need for resilient infrastructure

nobody gives a damn about CelebApprentice, they're worried about the effects of Sandy. Where's your donation to RedCross?

This hurricane is fucking annoying and ya cool I got off work and school but I'm rele over it

NEW: Hurricane Can't Keep Navy Football From Doing Work -   #navy

Tommy text me  ask me how Sandy Is Mind You I Live Upstate WE HAVE A RIVER NEAR US ONLY

Around the way #Sandy #Aftermath #NY #Queens  Apocalypse - Hurricane Sandy

CANADA STOCKS-TSX hits 1-week high as investors assess Sandy hit - Reuters  #b2b

My prayers go out to all the families who lives where affected from Hurricane Sandy.

The Hurricane Wasnt bout shidd but im glad we Got 2days off for nothing lol

sandy was really reckin shit yo im glad dat bitch aint do no damage over hea but i feel really bad for jersey and shit

Sandy might give Obama another termHe is using storm as a campaign tool to show his caring and will cut all red tape for aid..

Reminisce of Sandy have gone away. But the she left a massive load of damage behind. #Sandy

Bring It On, Sandy! Hurricane Season's Best Swimwear

Good job, with the storm coverage thus far. Keep it up. #Sandy

Post hurricane reading: vN. Breakneck pace  robots displacing the usual dystopia crap.

did i mention how hurricane sandy was hyped? hahahahahahahahahahha

Lol impromptu fall break until monday, thanks Sandy

Blame yourselves east coast! #GangumStyle #Sandy CC:

There a river in the front of my house! :0 #Sandy

A shocking image of the potential for damage that Hurricane Sandy's wake. The Seaside Park roller coaster on the

My heart  gratitude goes out to the #soldiers guarding the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier during Hurricane Sandy.

Thank you #sandy for the day off work. No damage, and no power loss.

I've spent a fair amount of today thinking about how the NYC subway will recover from last night:  #Sandy

Just had a Dark and Stormy at the Mermaid Inn. Seems appropes. #Sandy

The fact that colleges are extending their deadlines because of sandy

I feel so much more connected to the world with twitter hooked up, even if I dont have cell service or power where I live cause of #Sandy

Guys, if you STILL don't follow on twitter, now's the perfect time to start. #sandy #heavyhitter

Thank God that hurricane didn't come to Galveston.

theres a girl from NJ who got caught up in Sandy and I was trying to get in contact with anyone who might know her. Shes ok c

Soles4Souls relief  aid for Hurricane Sandy victims:

for those who suffered a loss whether its a loved one or ur home and belongings from Sandy b strong things will get better :) 3 for u all

The death toll from #Sandy has reached 40 in the United States. Many of the victims were killed by fallen trees.

39 people died from the hurricane ): that is sad

It was best to admit this in while everyone is still distracted by Sandy. Otherwise it could get ugly.

Really don't know how bad this hurricane hit until you watch the news

Totally gross to think about: Here's What Happened To All The Subway Rats During Hurricane Sandy

Tea and The Complete Sherlock Holmes by lamplight. Yup. #sandy

Sandy can't put a damper on delicious. Good luck to all those without power!

This is the best sleep I've ever gotten, with no school. No stress, no worries, it's like summer but with a hurricane!

i have A SHORT weekend.. 'cuz of sandy.. i have thursday..friday saturday and sunday

Thoughts going out to everyone affected by #sandy as I prepare to sleep. Suddenly feeling privileged at having a bed, power, and water.

thanks for rebooking me so quickly on another flight out of NY. Service was 1st class. #Sandy

Mayor: Today we were in touch with business leaders in all five boroughs, and we're working to help them get business back to normal. #Sandy

fantasy football?? or the sandy liberty pic lol

Lmfao we coulda had school today  yesterday. Awww sandy left a puddle.

I couldn't agree more Lynn.  Sandy storm=horrid. Romney's storm relief events, at least equally horrid.

AGM 2009 Sandy promised meeting agendas online IN ADVANCE. Where are they???

surely not blows more hot air and causes more devastation than #Sandy

How ironic that Sandy is now Jewish mum of the year in england. But in America sandy is tearing shit up #yakidah

my fhone ben down sence sandy

Utility companies gear up for Sandy's punch  Most read by neighbors in #Sharon #Danville

Our thoughts, hopes and prayers go out to all those devastated by Hurricane Sandy. Even those in Cuba, Dominican

Sandy Just Left But Yu Know She Gone Be Back In Town

US Media Covering Hurricane Sandy Mostly Ignore Whether #ClimateChange Fueled Storm's Fury

Didn't realise how devastating Sandy was

The Hurricane Horse - Please tell me thats one of you guys running about.  #wtf #mucho

Will Hurricane Sandy Be a Setback or Boom for Housing Industry?  chryslu

How sad to see so many homes ruined, very scary! Hurricane Sandy hits the US  via

Totes not prepared for this Sandy situation. I thought, 'Hey, if my flight's canceled, I'll just rent a car and drive back to NYC.'

they shouldn't keep cranes on buildings when a hurricane is coming.

normally this is a wonderful time of year :) the hurricane is a bit oddyou should visit sometime, at least to go to Hershey!

Hurricane Sandy killed 40 people so far. This is why I hate when kids gloat that a hurricane is coming to cut school

I never realized how good we have it in the suburbs til I stayed in Newark for the hurricane; ppl still don't have power, shelter, or FOOD

I'm kind of curious to see what all the dumb tweets these hurricane sandy accounts are about now

Wow glad to know the #hurricane is over. #DisneyStarWars is the new national tragedy.

A hurricane with snow, no NHL, a car on fire at school, holy. Im starting to believe that the worlds ending a little more everyday.

US Telecom Networks Take Hit From Sandy: WASHINGTON - US telecom networks took a hit from superstorm Sandy, whic

What's the number to have emergency services come pick up my kid for a few hours?  #realsurvivalisnow #SANDY #frankenstorm

Isaac is the name of a guy. Remember hurricane Isaac? Wikipedia will give you the answer.

this week is exhausting and its not even Wednesday I blame it all on #Sandy

#Sandy Libs said Bush didn't like black people during #Katrina. So what kind of people does Obama not like? It's a fair question.

What to expect Tuesday in Sandy's aftermath -Lancaster Newspapers  #NewDanville #Lancaster #PA

This hurricane Sandy has really freaked me out specially when whole 2012 thing keeps getting linked with it

Hurricane Sandy Relief. Would you like to help?

Trying to text but it seems Sandy is thwarting my efforts. You ok up there dude?

Facing Sandy to go to a meeting just to get yelled at. Thats a sad time.

Cine: Sandy is starting to really piss me off.  #cinemagraph #gif

Yeah. It's an uncanny resemblance. Except you have sandy-blonde hair.

Uh Oh New York is getting cocky. Sandy was a Category 1 lol, y'all aren't special.

We can dress up as members of the National Guard and confuse people when we say trick or treat with our hurricane gear. #Halloween

#Sandy was nothing but light wind and rain in Western Mass

Superstorm Sandy: New York City Marathon On, Halloween Parade Canceled - ABC News: ABC News Superstorm Sandy: New

Oh the governor of New Jersey has been eating all the pies #Sandy

Help Fund housing, food and water for Sandy Victims America its time to come together

I hope that NY and everyone can recover swiftly from Sandy. Prayers from Brisbane to your home town!

Celebs Brave Hurricane Sandy Through a Flood of Tweets -

Hurricane Sandy Aftermath Necessitates that Rudolph Technologies Again Reschedules Issuance of Third Quart  #tech

Dear Sandy, Thank you for an obligation free 2 days. #Peace

#sandy has nyers getting really creative with their food. Esp downtown!

Our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone that were affected by hurricane Sandy.

Machado and Morris say families survive Hurricane Sandy: Rockets guard Scott Machado, who is from New York, and

do you and John want to go to Angelo's tonight for dinner? #Sandy #SouthJersey #AtlanticCity

R.I.P to the kid that died in hurricane Sandy :/

My heart goes out to those impacted by #Sandy. It's shocking to see NY in such terrible condition. Keeping high hopes for a quick recovery.

The new city landscape: Uprooted trees, caution tape, and wandering, aimless, awestruck New Yorkers. #sandy

According to recent data, Hurriane Sandy has caused the average American to gain 5 pounds

I don't think I have enough underwear left for this #hurricationproblems #Sandy

Sandy done fucked up iMessage _

The Level 1 driving ban in DE has been lifted, so no driving restrictions.  There are still many roads that have leftover issues from Sandy.

Gangham Stlye rain dance hurricane sandy -

Failed #Bush #FEMA director Michael Brown (#Browney) says #Obama, FEMA acted too quickly in hurricane response  / #p2

If Hurricane Sandy delays the shipment of my wig.I might kill someone

Greenwich Village Halloween Parade cancelled for the first time in 39 years. Countdown to preacher saying god sent #Sandy..

#5 Boat on street resting on front of car #sandy

A day after Sandy, New Yorkers find a changed city - Wall Street Journal

Wish I felt like doing anything. Sandy has me in a true funk.

no I live near new York so the hurricane bright really cold air and i have no heat

#PrivatePractice - Episode not airing tonight due to Hurricane Sandy news

never park near a tree during a #hurricane. yikes!!

Our thoughts are with those affected by Hurricane #Sandy. Find out how you can help

9/11 Attack= 3,000 #DEAD Hurricane Katrina=1,800 #DEAD Benghazi=4 #DEAD Black Holocaust 15 Million  counting #DEA

I guess if we would have a hurricane in south africa they would name it hurricane Thabo

So tomorrow is the start of my week and it's wednesday already  thank you sandy !

The only reason a hurricane would excite me is the prospect of going to Oz. #Sandy

Pleas join the RMs for night prayer. 10pm in flather lobby. We will pray for all those affected by #sandy #GoF #cua

Weve survived Swine flu, lived in 2 decades .. Hurricane Sandy, .. 2011 flood, and we crashed the board of educations

Nursing home evacuated in Upper Moreland  #Sandy

We know what it's like to be in a disaster. So we helped out those with Katrina now we are helping Sandy survivors. In NJ and NY.

Insurance said this is the worst hurricane/ storm they've ever ever seen.

, SANDY Chilled Now Cause I Beat Her ASS :  )

*UPDATED 6:15PM* Hurricane Sandy Hits Hoboken: Storm Pics from Instagram

lol nothing good comes from getting blown by a woman named Sandy

Thanks for sharing the tweet earlier about the Battery Park tunnel. Hope everyone on the East Coast is recovering from #Sandy

Will Sandy give President Obama a campaign boost? Bonus points for signing emergency declarations?  #Don'tBeSuckered

I added a video to a playlist  Aerial View of New Jersey Coast Line After Hurricane Sandy from the

True Conservative response to Sandy: 1st, Pray-up! 2nd, Step-up and give: money, blood and time to those who are hurting!

no what are yoou talking about you mean the hurricane if you do your wrong

Roleplayers Chronicle is going to sponsor a Red Cross Charity Bundle for the Hurricane Sandy Relief Efforts via

In 2005 Mitt Romney's Response to Hurricane Katrina

The remnants of Sandy spinning, but weakening (thankfully) over western Pennsylvania, then moving north.

fqw Disarray, millions without power in Sandy's wake: The most devastating storm in decades to hit the count  qfw

Thanks a lot Sandy. Nowhere near New York and we don't have power because of the winds. Smdh

#F4F #news #TAF #FF Sandy and Climate Change: A Warmer World Ahead: Sandy and Climate Change:   #news #world #tfb

Plz flw Canceled Premieres amp; Film Permits: How Hurricane Sandy Is Affecting  #AnnaKarenina

Video of CNN  coverage of Kinwood , WV very Stephen King-ish #Sandy #blizzard

2 Trends to Look For When the Markets Reopen After Sandy:

Been inside all day. Still gonna blame this hair fiasco on #Sandy  #longhairdontcare

WATCH LIVE: For those without power or not near a TV, #NBCNightlyNews is streaming tonight  #Sandy

Scary sight. Oh well, at least I have power lol #sandy

It's so fucking slow cause of stupid sandy

Hair gets messed up every time I walk outside.. feck off hurricane sandy

Commenting on the hurricane from the west coast feels a bit like being a white rapper.

I need power Fuck. I'm turning my phone off till I need it. #Sandy

Modern society in the post-Sandy refugee encampment.

Hurricane Sandy propels emergency apps to top of App Store  (via

Hundreds, and hundreds, of union thugs are roaming the post-Sandy streets. They are fire and policemen working to keep people safe.

Thank God my family and friends made it through the hurricane.  Sympathy greetings goes out to those who lost their loved ones.

Hundreds, and hundreds, of union thugs are roaming the post-Sandy streets. They are fire and policemen working to keep

We have weathered through Sandy and are excited for our grand opening event this Saturday! Hope you are safe and dry as well!

I assume Gazza is currently on a plane heading to NYC #Sandy

Can't stop thinking and worrying about :((((( fuck off sandy and let her come home safely!

I had a very thrilling day yesterday.  *laughs*  Sandy gave all of us in NY a wild ride.

When you can't play tennis because there's a hurricane on its way!!

UPDATE -- The total death toll from #Sandy is now over 100  via

Silver Lining? Sandy Could Stimulate Economy

Apparently no one wants to buy a suit after a hurricane #suitupforsandy

Forget about Sandy. Forget about the election. Disney bought the rights to Star Wars and will be releasing a new Star Wars movie in 2015!!!!

I think it means he survived hurricane Sandy.congrats on season three of Hell On Wheels!!

Just realized that my hurricane refugee status is going to make publicizing the paperback of All Men of Genius difficult

Those using #Sandy to promote their political propaganda is disgusting. Forget the election and pray for the lives lost and those in danger.

#tcot The gall !!!  Obama on Hurricane: 'We Leave Nobody Behind'  via

Sandy damage?  Three things to do now

Do big disasters come in threes? Hurricane #Sandy. #Disney buys #Lucasfilm. I hope this doesn't mean a presidency

Wow, my prayers go ourT to the people who list their homes to fire #sandy

MITT ROMNEY asks Americans to Donate to Sandy victims.                Obana asks to send Donations to ME ME ME ME!

The library will be closed again Wednesday due to the hurricane.

I would like to personally thank Sandy for giving me a great birthday weekend

Did the squirrel that resides on your head survive #Sandy? #Worried #PrayersForDonny

Im waiting too see what #Obama does for the victims of #Sandy

Say ah pray for the victims of sandy

Krauthammer blasts 4 using Sandy as distraction from campaign. Guess BHO is deploying utility crews. htt

What is it that we had to tweet about again I forgot.? I know it was about #Sandy but I didnt understand.?

Somebody inform we may need some horses and bayonets to help victims of #Sandy

We have been so fortunate not to have experienced any real repercussions from #Sandy. Our thoughts are with all who have suffered.

Watch:  Digital Program: The Perfect Storm: Superstorm Sandy makes landfall on the East Coast, causing damage, d

Hurricane sandy has made L rides ten times more fun

Wonder how many ppl they're now evacuating from Sandy could've left but just wanted govt to evacuate them at no immediat

Hoping everyone who has been effected us safe and has a swift recovery #sandy

thanks to Sandy we have plenty of work ahead of us ..be safe every one!

Such sadness seeing the devastating effects of hurricane sandy.. Thoughts and PRAYERS

You r the only Teutul i follow.  i hope ur family is doing ok in this Sandy mess!! Wishing u well.

if the gays are to blame for sandy, then all the people who died from drought? the straights did it.. :P

RT The more I watch the news, the more blessed I feel. #Sandy

Tree by my house .. Damn Sandy !

We're only gonna get a thunderstorm + wind sis. We good over here.   Hurricane Sandy is headed to

WOW!!! Kite boarders take on Hurricane Sandy:  via

it's a great day! except for hurricane Sandy lol

Hey! Please retweet recent tweet to help with those effected by the hurricane! Every

I feel like sandy just twerked her ass off all over us lmao she can put in work ;*

I don't think right now is a good time to advertise the HurryCane#sandy

i know Sandy is a bitch. But i was so looking forward to seeing them dress up for Halloween. Now they probably wont now.

your hurricane is all over my telly.

(National News) Smartphone users: Watch NBC Nightly News live coverage of Sandy

I can see clearly now that sandy is gone

God bless all affected by Sandy..

Hurricane sandy has giving more holidays lmao

This is a GREAT Lost and Found page for all the animals lost during hurricane Sandy! You might want to share this

is mobilizing to assist #children affected by #Sandy, particularly in New Jersey. Pls help:

idk lol. oh im good. u glad that this hurricane is over?

Mayor Bloomberg is funny he said thanks but no thanks #Obama for your offer to come to #NYC but we got this, go to Jersey LOL #Sandy

I didnt realize how bad Sandy really was, I'm glad my family  Mom are okay.

high paw 4 #sandy first responders!  if only ourselves could tweet good noms + drinks 4 everybuddy out there.

theres a hurracane named sandy around New York U.S.

Evacuated so they're all okay but please keep them and everyone else affected by the hurricane in your thoughts

The hurricane weather destroyed it or is someone putting stuff there?

Much Pi Phi love to all of our sisters on the east coast recovering from the damage of Sandy. Our thoughts are

Inside a NYC subway station post-Sandy

It's Really Freezing In Florida, Thanks Sandy I Only,Have Sandles Here

Praying for all those affected by sandy, my sister may have no home to go back to.smh.#Jerseyshore

Toronto Hydro reports around 9,000 customers still without power due to effects of #Sandy

I don't know who's doing their #Sandy phishing schemes, but I'd like them to drown in their own vomit.

do you happen to know if North Arlington Public Schools (jefferson elementary) are closed tomorrow Wednesday due to #Sandy?

are you on tonight or am I watching Hurricane Sandy again?

Don't worry about the map quiz, we will talk tomorrow and it will be moved back.  No need to worry, stay safe in the aftermath of Sandy.

I know it's not something to laugh about..But I can't help but lol that everything is getting fucked up by a CATEGORY 1 HURRICANE. Cmon guy.

LONG DAY of Hurricane Sandy losses!  As always, we will keep going until EVERYONE is taken care of!  Hang in there!  We're coming!

These deals are worked on for weeks before made public, so #Disney  #Lucasfilm CAUSED #Sandy. There's a grave disturbance in the Force!

On a serious note, Hurricane Sandy really did a number to the Northeast. Here's hoping people can move on with their lives soon, be safe.

Fuck you, Sandy for delaying the delivery of my beats #fuckyourmother

Never trust a bitch name Sandy!

Loss of power due to #Sandy may cause states to have to count ballots by hand via #vote #yikes

Because of Hurricane Sandy, UMD is extending Freshman Fall 2013 Priority App. Deadline for all

go home + get the post-#sandy party started so when i get there it'll be hoppin' (#clearlyivebeeninthenewsroomtoolongaswell)

I know it isn't, it's just people are going mad cos of the hurricane and some film saying the world's ending hahaha

Sandy much more than just a US story M Haiti in emergency aid plea  by

I seriously hate #Sandy for making us go through all this NO power People with NO houses What's next ?

pictures from my house the back fence #sandy #hurricanesandy

so pretty much i didn't call any of my family/know anything about Sandy.ooh awk.

Had to do my hair again cause of #sandy #fml #hellokitty pjs

How you gonna compare this hurricane to 911??? #FuckTheNews

Colleges Ease Application Deadline Due to Hurricane Sandy

Citigroup says prepared for trading after power outages:  STORM-SANDY-CITIGROUP:Citigroup says prepared for trad

I feel about 2000 times better now that my test is over. Chemistry almost blows as hard as hurricane #Sandy #

Hurricane Sandy has been president obama of mother nature form for my big sis #redistributionofwealth #boatsintheyard

Why Are people making it seem like we're gonna have like a real bad hurricane ? Lol its only gonna be a storm ..

so when it comes down to it,,, who would win in a fight? sandy or irene

kristin just asked me why my power went out #ohidk its not like we just had a hurricane last night or anything #yoursodumb

Hurricane Sandy: Obama Visits Red Cross, Warns 'This Storm Is Not Yet Over'  sandy_n_2044111.html via

Unfiltered reality-Belle Harbor, Queens NY after #Sandy

whats hurricane sandy im confused

Subways remain halted because of Sandy: The floodwaters that poured into New York's deepest subway tunne  #neward

yeah their is but since the hurricane their pending for the next 2-3 days , its stupid

Who ever got something mashed up or Broke up cause of Hurricane Sady *My heart goes to you honestly :s

still my condolences goes out to anybody that has been impacted by hurricane sandy

fuck this hurricane bitch i haven't had power for 24hrs /;

Due to #Sandy news coverage networks change schedule .What's ON TV TONIGHT Monday, October 30, 2012 TV listings:

Please support #Sandy relief by donating to the Red Cross. Text REDCROSS to 90999 or click:

While we are enjoying our sunny and lovely weather lets not forget the people who are currently affected by #Sandy.

I know!! Almost all of the pictures of the hurricane on twitter are fake.

Sandy, and now reports of loud booms and green lights in Alabama??  Crazy weather week!!!

Blood donations greatly needed for east coast residents: CENTRAL ILLINOIS -- Superstorm Sandy has caused the

Hurricane Sandy has apparently knocked Call of Duty servers offline. So at least there's an upside to all of this.

The most damage done after sandy is my basketball hoop is now laying on the ground which I did before the storm started #lucky #blessed

MSNBC Ridicules Romney for Collecting Food, Supplies for Sandy Victims: MSNBC Ridicules Romney for Collecting

Tuesday WTFery, because who would have thought he could stoop lower? Trump hits a new low after Sandy  via

.. your client wouldnt come save me from sandy !!

listened to your ezoo set to get me through hurricane sandy. thank you 3

Gorgeous! They say it'll be Saturday before we see any sunshine again here. Rain, rain, and more rain. Freakin' Sandy.

The jersey shore definitively had a SITUATION yesterday #SANDY

StarsSoft New York's post-Sandy divide: Those with power and those without - Reuters: Telegraph.co.ukNew York's

I hope the hurricane blows away to a gentle breeze

#daytrading Independence Blue Cross Available to Assist Customers During Hurricane's Afterma  #pennystocks #money

Will the Shock Doctrine be at work in post-Sandy Atlantic City?

now that Sandy is gone, when will other countries offer the USA help?

Hurricane Sandy has tested New Yorkers resilience and tonight we're offering a glass of sparkling wine on us for h

For those of you who read this when your power comes back on.   Yes, we've been talking about you.  #Sandy #HurricaneSandy #HurricaneSandy

Erick heard on the news that the question was raised could Obama postpone the election because of NO power due to #Sandy

Probably the best collection of images from #sandy, via

By the sounds of that wind out there. I think hurricane Shandy is about to touchdown.#HurricaneShandy

Unfiltered reality-Far Rockaway, Queens, NY after #Sandy

superstorm SANDY ,NYC just lost power. The empire stands alone.  via

Sandy didn't stop Me #blunts been burning since 1

all these pictures of Hurricane Sandy are mostly fake, don't believe them

Due to hurricane Sandy the NYC Halloween parade has been canceled. #SoSad

I guess I can't watch myself sing bc of fucking Sandy!!!!! Guess nyc isn't gonna get to experience the effing  glamazons  #soangry

Hurricane Sandy: Disarray, millions without power in storm's wake - #sandy

Just can't get my head around how a storm can cause that sort of destruction. #Sandy

My neighbor's roof blown off #sandy

Hurricane Sandy Cancels Shows By Springsteen, Aimee Mann, The XX:  Other shows affected by massive storms includ

Insurers and drivers prep for Hurricane Sandy

We need to pray for those people! #Sandy

Skye is a fool but I have to love her  She said mommy they said HURRICANE SANDY GOT SHOT..I'm done with her I can't that was the best

Hurricane Sandy: Romney under fire over plans to scale back Fema   #Toledo #Jamestown #Akron #OH #topprog #Miami #FL #p2

Video: Cubans start recovery after Hurricane Sandy

#Art #LATimes: Hurricane Sandy won't stop 'The Heiress' from opening on time: The new Broadway r  #LittleBearProd

[TECH] #docdocc Post-Sandy, New Yorkers Cook Up Brilliant Power Hacks  via Mashable

S/o to all my niggas going through hurricane sandy

Read this heart-warming blog from the CEO of FAB, based in NYC, re: Hurricane  their team.

but during the last hurricane it was only 2 days

I see candles in people's windows #Sandy

hurricane sandy is a rumor! im looking outside in california and there r no trees on the street and no rain or floods.

WeatherAlertsUS will return to normal weather tweets starting on Thursday. Tomorrow, we will have another day on Sandy.

hope so, seeing clamoring on left for extension due to Sandy.

Can You Admit What You're Feeling?: Hurricane Sandy was barreling towards the coast and the new  #harvardbusiness

I will pray tonight for all those people who are being affected by the hurricane sandy worldwide. Thank you! No power, but ok

#SANDY ~ Prayers go out to the people affected in Annapolis, MD

Sending love and support to all those victim or been affected by Hurricane Sandy. #muchlove

Could #Sandy postpone the U.S. election? It's not impossible:  #Election2012

Cuba and Haiti have been hammered by the hurricane. Cuba's lost 80% of its coffee crop. Well done Venezuela for its s

20 foot waves in chicago cuz of lake michigan? Holy crap! That hurricane was bigger than i thought

I was really hoping we had school tomorrow cause my house is so boring #boring #noschool #Sandy

Out in that mess with Sandy! had me out there in these streets

Announcement : Due to hurricane Sandy, our plans to return to Michigan have been delayed one day. We will resume

Why Sandy makes the smart grid more important than ever  via #smartgrid

If anybody need help cleaning, fixing, that sandy brought. I'll be glad to help.

Eating three people's worth of food so I could hibernate through this hurricane. #modernfilipinobrownbearlyfestyle

10/30 Family checks out the rising Potomac River in Old Town Alexandria. #sandy

So crazy being in Wisconsin, looking at the clouds off to the east, and realizing it's the edge of a hurricane that just

Sandy destroyed Sandy point NJ That was my place :(

That's an interesting thought:  Sandy affecting voter turnout.  The region hit is Blue.

Sandy aftermath: Atlantic City counts the cost: The world's most famous gambling destination was  #TeamFollowBack

Coco's breast get wet with Sandy

I have an imaginary friend called sandy, omfg I'm so weird

Silver lining with Sandy. This might be the start of the largest public works project ever.

much better with #Sandy than #Irene but communication still in need of great improvement! Thanks for all the efforts!

Great job to and for communicating the impact #sandy has had on their services. I wish you both the best. #customerservice

Good to see people having fun even during the disaster that is hurricane Sandy

Survived Sandy! Even without power today everyone had a good time at the Mill.

MINNIE  RUMOR BETTER HOPE PRINCE IS OKAY IN THE HURRICANE OR ELSE THEY GON HAVE ME TO DEAL WITH! #Ray

Sandy's forecasting success and the preparedness it afforded are a demonstration of why we need to be investing in Ear

we got a hurricane sandy in this bitchhh lol

lots of people cant get flood insurance that have homes on the beach I feel sorry for anyone that has to deal with insurance companys #sandy

SANDY YOU BITCH MY POWER AND CELL SERVICE O M G IT'S SPOTTY

Sandy spawns blizzard in West Virginia?? What the efffff

In Pics: Hurricane Sandy hits U.S.

just got out of #sandy in PA, electric back on, I'm good. Best of luck compiling fixes for the midday slump! Please share!

Utility pole is cracked and crooked in #JamaicaEstates #Queens after #Sandy

wait What?!! We're not talking about sandy are we?

I've never seen Midtown packed like it is tonight. It's like St. Patrick's Day out here. #Sandy

I jus saw the tweet for sandy

So many of the places I went to this summer are gone. #Sandy

It took my sister 4x as long to get to work today because of #Sandy. She lives in Ohio!

Praying for all the people whose lives were changed yesterday by hurricane Sandy.

I was impressed, thinking Sandy blew Graffin's hair back ONthen I realized it was an old picture.   :-) #ikid

me: did you hear about hurricane sandy? mum: hurricane sandy? since when did they have names? next it'll be hurricane bob or hurricane betty

Sea Bright mayor: Damage from Hurricane Sandy is catastrophic: C. Read Murphy, a township councilman and  #neward

They done fucked. The elction up wit sandy.. #hoax

Ur stupid  If thats the case hurricane Sandy was altered. MANipulated by HAARP  Chemtrails. Stre

#Obama's response to #Sandy shows he knows how to respond in an emergency, making his cold inhumanity during #Benghazi even more disturbing.

The devastation from Sandy has been amazing.  I wonder how the Finger Lakes   Long Island wine fam

Frank Ocean is getting me through this hurricane.

I really don't want to do my flashcards but I have to appreciate the little things. It could be worse, I could be in the path of Sandy.

now what do I do?  I guess I can go watch more Sandy coverage!?

My thoughts and prayers go to everyone affected by Sandy.  Here is a list of organizations that need support provided by

I need to go on a post hurricane cleansing diet

He meant sandy tho lmao

What?? They moved Wall Street temporary #sandy

my prayers go out to the people that suffered from hurricane sandy

This nigga David Stern just said hurricane Katrina lls

Doesn't David Stern mean Hurricane Sandy?

Did he meen to say Hurricane Katrina?

this dumbass really said hurricane katrina..

DUMB RICH NIGGASits HURRICANE SANDY FOOL

how long before hurricane katrina starts trending

Damn david stern fucked up..I think he meant..hurricane sandy lol

Lmfao stern said hurricane katrina.. what a fool.

#NBA commissioner just said hurricane Katrina instead of Sandy

The fact that he said Hurricane Katrina though -____- Lmaooo

Did Commissioner Stern just say Hurricane Katrina smh #nba

Smh, David Stern said hurricane Katrina! #Nba

THIS NIGGA SAID HURRICANE KATRINA!!! Lmaooo it's Sandy!

David stern said fuck it I'm retiring its hurricane Katrina in my book haha what a douche

I love SciAm but Kat was cat 5 then category 3 b4 the hit. MUCH bigger. Sandy wasn't even a hurricane

Obama on Hurricane: 'We Leave Nobody Behind'  viaAudacity of BO is astronomical #Benghazi #StandDown

First he vetoed the CP3 trade and then he says Hurricane Katrina. Wtf

I know they owned the hornets and everything. But Hurricane Katrina?! #NBA

And David Stern's dumbass just said the wrong Hurricane

Watching the News,  #Sandy was a terrible storm.   Keeping them in my prayers.

I bet David Stern feels dumb af really hurricane Katrina? #Smh he's tooo damn old.

Images from around my 'hood, post-Sandy.

David Stern is hammered or something, calling hurricane sandy, hurricane Katrina!? Horrible

I didn't know Hurricane Katrina tore up New York too! Senior moment for David Stern

Sandy be damned! For those East Coasters w/ power, please tweet with me and the incredible Lawrence Carter-Long at 8pm!  #ProjectedImageTCM

Did David Stern just say Hurricane Katrina?! What. The. Fuck. #Celtics.

They then bought all da water out da store like da hurricane in da city

Keeping everyone that suffered damages  losses from #Sandy in my heart! 3

Spent the past 24 hours of my life in this chillin' with Sandy. #hurricanesandy

Sandy dumps so much snow in West Virginia that even the ski operators are complaining

Hurricane Awareness - Why Is Mother Nature So Pissed Off?

David Stern is a fucking idiot Sandy not Katrina fucktard

My aunts name is sandy. Ironic because she's actually a very nice lady.

Ok Check. Diane Swonk sees economic silver-lining to Sandy  via

Fuck you Sandy fucking up my driving and shit gunna run into shit and die n shit #IHateRain

how to help in NY after #sandy. helpful links.

The NBA commissioner was talking about tropical strom Sandy but referred to it as Katrina -_-

Obama offers tax-payor's $ for Sandy clean up and takes credit. Any sitting prez would do that. How much did he personally donate?

Not gonna lie, is the best thing about a Hurricane in Philly.

Massive blast at Lower Manhattan Con-Ed plant as Superstorm Sandy strikes: #News  via

Watch 's home get flooded from Hurricane Sandy

listening NINE LIVEZ  to my hommiewaiting for news of Hurricane

Kate and I trying to make light of Hurricane Sandy hitting NY saying the subway rats are probably having pool parties #flooded #toosoon?

Tree Collapses in Middle of the Street Due To Hurricane Sandy Blocking of the Entire Street

Austin not when the hurricane is happening:)Although mahomies wouldnt let the weather affect us from meeting u,

graduating Dec, interning in Syr. Stuck in City due to Sandy. Will go back once Greyhound resumes service.

Fuck Sandy and her sister Katrina coming round here with that bull shit. Prayers go out to the families affected by these huge storms.

Hurricane Sandy just took out Boardwalk. How the hell am I supposed to beat people in Monopoly now?

Its official, David Stern made the right call to step down..its Sandy not Katrina.#crazyoldman

Anyone know how to donate to Hurricane Sandy victims? Food, money, etc.?

Thank you for the referrals to 215-232-1984 during #sandy. Your response was tremendous  kept people on the street

It appen today: Sandy shuts down Northeast air travel - Bradenton Herald  What do you think?

For one of the biggest cities in america you would have thought they'd have put more weather defences in place! #idiots #nyc #sandy

Special coverage of #sandy continues at 8pm on air with John Hockenberry. More updates on the web

Wow is seattle getting hot by sandy?

#sandy made a mess for our nation to rebuild frommaybe take our mind off political fights for a few hours!

I hate those females who come out looking all nice. Hair and nails done, but they kids look like they BARELY survived Sandy.

I wonder if Cali will ever get hit with a Hurricane?

Survived Hurricane Sandy.  Lost power, but came back today  no cell service??  #att didn't even post anything on their site re: restoring?

#HALLOFFAME #SOPHMOREALBUM , Oh god ; I know u going harder than hurrican sandy in that album

Kids anxious to trick-or-treat despite Sandy's - Flash Player Installation

Even worse. Hope Sandy spared ur town Take care jogging beneath trees! Theres been a few post-hurricane mishaps here in Montreal

Fuck they get the name Sandy from doe?

'Hurricane Sandy,' hahahahaa that's what I called my mom. But really everyone on the east coast, stay safe! xoxo

Famous Greenwich Village Halloween parade is cancelled tomorrow. Anyone know if it is being rescheduled? #historic #sandy

CEO Dr. Davis  meet with parents and their newborn to tell their amazing #Sandy s

Is too much to ask for one more day off sandy? Please

8 pm is feeling like midnight right now #blackout #inthedark #Sandy #tristate

Happy we only have minor damage #Mahwah #NJ #Sandy

Did David stern really jus say hurricane Katrina??

Gov. Chris Christie was in the moment (when he praised POTUS for support durring #Sandy) - Erin Burnett #CNN #p2

ever try walking a dog in a hurricane? I'm about to! Can I get a retweet to make this storm a bit happier? #HurricaneSandy

Ex-FEMA Director During Katrina Criticizes Obama For Responding To Sandy Too Quickly |  via

Oh, absolutely. Toying with hitting The Club House tomorrow night for a very Hurricane Halloween.

Pretty much every crazy or incredible photo that has come from Sandy has been fake. Do people really have nothing better to do?

Obama on #Sandy victims: we leave nobody behind. Could have fooled us Mr. President. #Benghazi #7hoursofhell

Can't use Sandy as an excuse all week.

UN in NYC will remain closed Wednesday due to #Sandy - impact on #UNFC 'proliferating' US Del is still working!

We're blowin down more trees then hurricane sandy -

NEI: East Coast nuclear plants performed safely throughout Sandy's strike

NJ Gov #Christie many iconic landmarks of Atlantic City and other beach communities are now gone  #Sandy

Why couldnt #Sandy take my mother instead of my fence and power.

Global News | LIVE BLOG: Tracking Sandy

DIQUE SANDY WASN'T GUNNA DO SHYT! I take it back :( ughh sucks ! Halloweentown postponed :(

school out yesterday and today, 2 hour delay tomorrow, cause of #sandy not much damage here!

A hurricane blog, by me today: When a City Shuts Down  via #Sandy #futurecities

NASA warned NY about hurricane danger six years ago / they also warned of global climate change #IsThisThingOn?

Our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in the east coast! Stay safe!! #Sandy

A #FDNY firefighter who helped bring the 9/11 flag to #Tucson after the Jan.8 tragedy, forced from his home by #Sandy:

WATCH: #Sandy videos, from news bloopers to destruction

Reminder of sports schedule changes due to Sandy

normally saves people with their caffeine but it looks like their Wifi is the drug people are after in NYC! #hurricane

David Stern Speaks About Those Affected By Sandy But Mistakenly Calls Hurricane Katrina's Name

Obama and his libs are busy in the situation room trying to figure out how to blame Hurricane Sandy on Romney.

Is the hurricane a good enough excuse for being this out to the bar with me

We hope that all of our campers are safe and sound and getting ready for Halloween in the aftermath of Sandy. We

Ive been driving for a half hour already and i havent seen a single light. Hurricane Sandy caused A LOT of damage.

Way to go stern messing up hurricane names

And may I venturethe Weather! x  #Sandy

Storm Brings US East Coast Economy to Halt ://ow.ly/eTmtC #Sandy

#69 can u do mine bc my powers out bc of hurricane sandy lol

Clinton rips Romney on climate change, pointing to Hurricane Sandy  via

Why is every hurricane named :s?

You can be dying and won't answer you to save you from the hurricane but he can tweet, That's a kick in the nuts and face

I find it funny how David Stern said the wromg Hurricane on national television

Craziest wave of the day on Easy St #nantucket #sandy

Thank you hurricane sandy for cancelling any more jersey shore shows, i thank you

I know ill be fine without power, my heart really goes out to the residents of the shore. #Sandy you're a bitch.

To donate $10 for victims  areas hit by Sandy text the number 90999 with the word REDCROSS. Will be deducted f

A fake photo of the Hurricane Sandy, trap users worldwide !

wish I lived closer to NYC and NJ so I could help those who were affected by #Sandy

Hundreds of blood drives were cancelled due to #Sandy. If you're eligible to give blood please consider donating.

UPDATED: Romney Donating Sandy Supplies To GOP Swing States -- Not NY or NJ.

Damage Report: #Sandy took all my DVDs and screwed my buddy while I was in Cabo. #ThatBitch

The media is just a sight to be seen when its helping Obama.  #Sandy coverage 24/7!  When you are aware, this sucks.

My little brother, 22 y/o and industrious staff member, has no power d/t #sandy but is putting in a 14 hour day today regardless.

check this out.   Plans on how Aaron Stallworth Photography looks to help those victims of Hurricane Sandy.

Seriously, I can't even begin to imagine the misery facing so many post-Sandy. My thoughts are with you.

watching a clip from late night with jimmy fallon where no one is in the audiance becasue of Sandy. its hilarious

lmaooo he probably was Sandy probably had him stressed out.

In the aftermath of Sandy; a friendly reminder that Romney does not support federal funding for state of emergencies/re

#Sandy no more funds? Oh no!  Cue the Blame Bush excuse!

Thanks, Sandy. I've always wanted to use a snow shovel to clear water from the basement. #SandySucks

can we do a whole segment on Thursday on how much the McNerney house got rocked by Sandy? Lots of good pictures.

hey krisJust checking if sandy caused u any harm?

Wind  rain but not as bad as to the north. Worst damage: 1/2 of tarp blew off compost pile. some mild local flooding #Sandy

long day thanks a lot hurricane sandy -___- my roof is in my yard :(

#sandy  We hope your taking it easy on NYwe are all praying for you NY

Disarray, millions without power in Sandy's wake - Yahoo! News  via

First of all Stern is just an idiot he called it hurricane Katrina smh lets go    ruin these clowns banner night!

Ganna get high n sit in the dark. Fuck it #sandy won

Utah crews to help restore power in Sandy's wake  -

I think Hurricane Sandy was God's way of telling everyone to stop worrying about the election; to come together and quit being stupid

Got a bad feeling about this hurricane sandy :/#endoffworldshit

hahaha sandy and hurricane srsly no link sia!!!!!

Why did we only get the rainy part of sandy. School would have been closed like all week

Hey #ElectionsSCA, here's an article about how #Sandy may affect the elections What do you think?

i hope Snooki was killed by the hurricane

I HAVE POWER! Its sad how it took a hurricane for me to have family bonding

This storm is way more hurricane like than anything thats happened in the past 2 days

Did everyone survive superstorm SANDY??? If you did, come join us for a drink! We feel as if everyone needs one!

We are Hanging in there- Sandy got first punch but we responding with a KO! volunteers and first responders, FD PD are great

I will be opening GIRLEEgurlz Wednesday October 31st 10-4PM for our 1st normal business day after hurricane

Thoughts and prayers to all those affected by Sandy, we hope for the best.

Sandy, baby, I sit, I wonder, why-i-i- oh why, you left me, oh Saaandy.

just had a great piece on the captain of the #hmsbounty incredible events by #sandy

Thanks to  for adding some fun to the hurricane madness!

What the hell is this storm right now? #sandy, are you still here? If we lose power now, I swear to god

Honestly. Fuck sandy. I just want power back #stupidbitch #damnit #sandy

I think Sandy's making a comeback

hey I'm back how r u? How's sandy hehe is she any good?LOL

Devastated about Breezy Point. My heart is broken. House is still standing. That is all I know. #Sandy

:  (what's left of) Casino Pier in Seaside #sandy

tell me something I don't know about hurricane sandy you seem educated and you are good friends with that Frankie guy

Power came back today, so can finish watching The Avengers. At least no work tomorrow :) #Sandy

Is that Sandy making her way back lmao ?

Superstorm #Sandy spared Central New York, but a few arctic #birds were swept up and scattered in its path:

My power wants to come back in After I've moved all my food, sandy owes me some gas money

Sandy came back to finis what she started #hardpumpfake

I've Only Spent A Week At Jersey Shore Twice. Now I Can't Go Back Because Of Sandy.

Packed with hipsters. Take that, hurricane that crippled the poor!  Lola w/ 2 others)

Chicago Lake Michigan Waves from Hurricane Sandy #sandy #chicago

I do. We're not touched with most of what the hurricane bought

To think the only thing to get people to stop talking Sandy was The Mouse House conquering a galaxy far far away :)

Sad / touching piece via  How some of Sandy's New York victims were killed

Taking his post #sandy aggression out on his crocodile

It would figure that as I am finally getting near home after a long day, a ridiculously intense thunderstorm erupts. Sandy remnants?

MSNBC bashes for asking people to donate canned goods to #RedCross for #Sandy relief

Hope my little babies and are ok after sandy

If there's one thing we've all learned about New Yorkers: They bounce back, stronger than before. #sandy

hasn't been invented yet ;( kinda drafty with Sandy whizzing about the cave ;)

Powerful pictures of Sandys effect on US  #Sandy

i am so bored. hurricane season yeah

FIRST SANDY NOW THUNDER AND LIGHTNING WTF IS THIS

I'm begging Sandy to chill  let us enjoy Halloween tomorrow

You know that annoying guy who crashes the party, and you sigh w/relief when he finally leaves.. Except that he hasn't really left? #Sandy

I assume pre-Tropical Storm Sandy?

Keep your doors  windows open while cleaning up from #Sandy  for 24 hours afterwards. Things will dry fas

Hurricane Sandy Scams: Officials Warn Of Crooked Contractors, Charities  via

News you don't expect to hear: that Sandy took your friend. Rest in peace, Jake. We miss you.

I have been waiting for that game for a week and then sandy had to be a bitch and knock out my power

Sandy really got me sitting in the dark alone.

I hope all our customers are safe following Hurricane Sandy. After closing early yesterday, we're open and back to business.

After superstorm Sandy hit the East Coast, health becomes one of the primary focus of the government. These times

PR Newswire Photo: THE JOURNAL OF COMMERCE HURRICANE SANDY ALERTS:  launches Hurricane Sandy

Fun fact: What I thought was lightning last night, was actually transformers exploding all over town. #sandy #wat

Apperently Sandy got mad at spongebob and gone a wall and tried to destroy the east coast.

I wish I was rich enough to bring my family out of hurricane sandy

I wonder what the status of the #JerseyShore house is in Seaside? Based on aerial views Snooki may be stuck in mounds of sand #Sandy #noGTL.

In Chinatown, hundreds of dead crabs, lobsters and fish in restaurant tanks today #manhattan #sandy

Hurricane #Sandy is gone from my area, it seems - we were so lucky; never lost power, water, Internet, etc. Feeling very grateful :)

Information on hurricane relief and assistance efforts from POTUS:

Here are the top 5 Best Ways to Avoid Post-Sandy Scams: In the wake of any major and destructive weath  #theblaze

night night sweet dreams everyone much love Jan xxxx   #sandy

I think Hurricane Sandy swept away the manners of your maitre'd and service staff. Let me know when you've recovered from this

Hurricane Sandy made me forget that my first on is up today: Am I raising a Mama's Boy?

Anyone know how Monmouth Park faired with Sandy?

now its a times building time-lapse Hurricane Sandy: View From Above

First there was size limits on fountain drinks, now a hurricane? #DontMoveToNewYork

I actually think I'd cry if I heard there would be an incoming hurricane. East Coast peeps, you's are top.

GOP pro-tip: when playing hurricane ball with POTUS, leadoff batter should not have .000 batting avg #HeckuvaJobBrownie #sandy

Small Biz News: NYC Small Businesses Open After Sandy - Huffington Post: The HinduNYC Small Businesses Open Afte

it seriously looks like something from a hurricane news reel.. Multiple boats broken off docks and all pushed in against the wall

Why would you give can food to people who lost everything in the hurricane? They don't have nothing to cook them with!  #CommonSenseGetSome

is there power over at Queens? When will the Hurricane leave? Stay safe Ria

LMFAO hurricane sandy snatched someone's weave out

SANDY FEZ O MAIOR ESTRAGO DE TODOS, to chornado:

Anderson Cooper is great at handling tragedy.  #Sandy #CNN

but dey knew bout dis hurricane for ages so :P or else its a coincidence cause its just a movie ? :D #JustKeepingMyselfSane

When new episodes are delayed   damn Sandy!! #hurricanesandy #justleavealready

Fuck 'em Nancy. It Ranks Right Up There I Know That. Alot Of Flooding, But Katrina Had More Damage.Sandy Higher Water Surge.

What do I text to give money to red cross#sandy?

I just saw a photo of NYC with an eerie purple glow in the background.   Stupid iPhone.   #Sandy

Hurricane Sandy Live Updates and Map: Follow Hurricane Sandy and the 'Frankenstorm' of 2012 with live up  #aurora

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families of those lost and those affected by Superstorm Sandy.  Here is a

URGENT: Due to Hurricane Sandy, Dan Smith will NOT teach you guitar today. #Frankenstorm

InterestArticle: Low-Interest Loans Available for Small Businesses Impacted by Sandy

We already have more claims than Irene produced. That  #Sandy  is a bitch!

My car was just swimming in the flooded streets #sandy

East Coast crippled by massive storm, death toll climbs  via #sandy 1 beautiful #photo of sun breaking clouds

Ok sandy, I see what you did there. #pouring

Daily Special: Hurricane Sandy attacks US

Youngstown winds are now CALM as they are inside Sandy's old eye!

it's hurricane season ya silly goose!

my parents went crazy the day before the hurricane buying food

It's the weather. Sandy got everybody in their feelings. Keep your head up! God is able. (let me take my own advice)

Yo wtf all this fucking rain is getting me fucking tight , its been 3 days allready , hurricane Sandy needa Fucking DIE !!!!!

Are you and yours OK after Sandy?  Power/heat/water etc on?

more thunder and lightning than we got with Sandy, for sure

8:45 p.m.: Obama to check out damage in N.J.  #Sandy

same question as before. Are these states really in play, or are you just tired of talking about #Sandy

No, but Sandy has caused blizzard conditions in the Appalachians

Hope everybody is safe  came through okay w/Hurricane Sandy.  I don't know everybody's location but I hope every o

Climate change systemically caused Hurricane Sandy - George Lakoff giving good advice on communication

Power being restored in Quebec in Sandy's wake - CTV News: CTV NewsPower being restored in Quebec in Sandy's wak

Full coverage of Sandy in Northeast Ohio -  (from

it just hit me it's Tues2 wks since Tyler was killed. then the hurricane prayers for his mom  his soul tonight

:( the worst: Sandy Wipes Out Biggest Beekeeping Operation in NYC:

In China they are using lots of cloud salting to control rain. Does this affect our Sandy

To all our friends south of the border who have felt the wrath oh #Sandy our thoughts and prayers are with you and your loved ones!

I did book it off, but it got delayed to today because of Sandy.  And I thought I booked the weekend off,  but I guess not.

Had so much fun today that I got to see my girl and i couldnt see her yesterday because of sandy. Fuck you sandy! Lol

Thank you for your leadership during the hurricane.

My farts do more damage than hurricane sandy

stupid fucking sandy being a bitch and fucking up everything excuse you that concert is all i have

you are an amazing, engaged human being.  New Jersey is lucky to have you #Sandy

SUPER STORM IS MY MOODI feel you baby #Sandy shake that world

I hear NYC taxi service isn't yet all it's cracked up to be, after #Sandy  (yellow or gypsy)

Tune in: At 9:40 p.m. EST, EEI Pres. Tom Kuhn will appear on to discuss #Sandy, storm response, and

Hurricane Sandy cuts short #Statue of #Liberty's big reopening

1 week before Election Day, rivals Romney, Obama focus on superstorm Sandy  - Washington Post: Telegraph.co.u

I bet I've gained 10 pounds this week. #texmex #dontcare // me too! #sandy #stresseating

Thanks hurricane Sandy while I starve myself for the next 3 days because of all the food I ate while you were acting all cray.

Praying for everyone in the Northeast and all victims from #Sandy.

My heart goes out to all those affected by hurricane Sandy, may god be with you.

This tree laughed at Sandy YWCA Of Bergen County

sandy is a fucking slag,must be from the Gurnos #slagsuperstorm

Electricity back on with TV and Internet! Prayers and thoughts for those still without in the wake of #sandy.

They say the jersey shore will never be the same after sandy hit it. I hope she realizes she ruined my clubbing days. #upset #dreamiscrushed

US Election day is 7 days away,I guess is focusing more on it than #Sandy

Roughing it through this hurricane. Thank The Lord for power in MT stairwells!  University

So much snow today! WV is crazy right now. #Sandy

To make a quick $10 donation for Hurricane Sandy relief, text REDCROSS to 90999.  Hell, do it twice, or more if you can.  Devastating #sandy

The fact that our game at Rutgers is canceled and that I can't see my family or makes me hate Sandy even more

contributes to for #Sandy relief efforts and will to match employees #safetyhonorcommitment

Hi, we're flying home from Vegas tomorrow to Manchester! Is our flight ok after the hurricane??

I can't with hurricane sandy jokes omfg

Hey #Obama instead of dumping millions of $$ into PA, why don't u do something worthy and donate that money to help the #Sandy victims!

Power starts on 26th St. My 93 yr old father in law on 25th, 10th floor, w no electricity or water. #nightmare #sandy

Caught #MockingbirdLane via NBC Online-perfect viewing choice to see during hurricane. wondering If (cont)

Due to hurricane sandy and this horrible weather i done started stackn season.lol

What are some of the Hurricane #Sandy pick up lines?

This is NOT the beach, its Ocean Parkway in Brighton Beach, Brooklyn #NYC after #Hurricane #Sandy destroyed it all

Lots of donor #humanmilk in HM4HB NJ - freezer stashes won't last much longer w/out power. #breastfeeding #sandy http

Agreed! ldquo Something I learned because of #Sandy: is a great reporter who knows how

Sandy keep it up. I don't want school tomorrow

Just remembered tomorrow is Halloween. Wonder if they have any candy at the gas station. #Sandy

Had tix to the home opener, #Sandy will prevent me from making it. Sorry for the empty seat =( #GoSixers

I wonder if I can swim in a hurricane lol

next Sandy's after-aftermath coverage 2 be followed by Sandy's after-after-aftermath news. I've had enough bring backElection overcoverage

I hope this hurricane doesn't effect the election next week.

I ain't comb my beard in 2 days, Sandy had me trippin

First #sandy and now is actually showing history related content.   Must be the apocalypse. #menwhobuiltamerica

Well sandy is ova so is my off time..work bound.

According to the NYC Mayor's Office, Halloween has been postponed as a result of Sandy. I'm Irish, I'll celebrate anyway. W

New blog post from the phone: with #sandy gone thoughts on the #ingnycmarathon

Beetle juice, pizza and bloody Mary's seem like a good night for post sandy. #couchpotato

yesand it is badreally badlike hurricane katrina bad! 8 million people have no power..no heat..no phones..nothing.

thank you! Were u affected by the hurricane at all?

Cheers to one last round of hurricane drinks abrock1089

Adjusted Trash Pick-up Schedule Due to Hurricane Sandy Storm Event is as follows:Wednesday, October 31st will be

If he walk to your house during Hurricane Sandy ; #HeWantTheD desperately lol

Heard S.I. was also hit hard by #sandy. Praying for members  Pastor Be safe!

did ur lights go out of the hurricane??

Lol Sandy like didn't even hit this area in VA. We should get off school for every light rainfall then?

Buy garbage  $WM,$RSG $ECOL etc. Its got to go somewhere. #Sandy

Going to be really sad if I have to cancel the corn maze trip tomorrow. #sandy #coldandrainy

Now that the worst of #Sandy seems to be gone, time to remember how the city that never sleeps went dark:  via

Yes Treat myself after HURRICANE wanna see Halle Berry play as Asian guy!lol  Empire 25 for Cloud Atlas)

I guess the left never knew that the Atlantic hurricane season officially begins on June 1st and ends on November 30th.

Lls idc wat anyone think about this but i will love hurricane even more if i dont have to go to skool trm or maybe the whole week..:-)

and now its overI HAVE NUTS SANDY, COME BACKTHEY DONT CALL ME NUTS FOR NUTTIN

Occupy Wall Street Tweets in Hurricane's Aftermath: 'When Capitalism Retreats, Our Communities Flourish'  #RWNJAlert

RT On the plus side, the urine smell should be out of the NY subways for a few days. #Sandy #NYC #CNN #GoHabsGo

Just watch Letterman's from last night; skeleton crew  no live audience cuz of #sandy, but still a solid full hour. He's a pro.

Whew! Relieved to hear. Devastated by dire effects of storm on so many.rt all is well here! #dodgedbullet #sandy

#100ThingsAboutMe 10.I cried because I thought was stuck in the us with hurricane sandy:'(

#HURRICANE #SANDY IS A BITCH, SHE WON'T STOP ME!

Hurricane Sandy is currently passing through this area. We have deaths, flooding and a massive amount of property damage. Everyone be safe!!

If you made Sandy jokes, I hope you feel really bad considering lives were lost and homes were ruined.

We decamped from Greenwich to Vermont.  Now, we wait for the electricity to return. Last big storm, we were out 10 days. #sandy

#WeLoveLA Hurricane Sandy Hits Trojan Family - University of Southern California Official Athletic  #SportsRoadhouse

New Yorkers take Sandy travel challenges in stride - KGMI

Finally Getting some work done with electricity Post-Sandy. On an unrelated note: I'm doing my first #5k in a few weeks. NERVOUS.

T1a - We didn't use social media as much for #Sandy because it was not here,  I wasn't watching the channels as much. #chsocm

Sandy seems to be a very popular name right now #Sandy

My toy that i used durein Hurricane Sandy.

please go jump in hurricane sandy

I'll take your hurricane and turn it in to a dust devil!

That bitch sandy blow the leaves off all the trees

I havent had school in 5 days, my power hasnt gone out, my house isnt floodedIm gonna miss Sandy.

Night 2 of reading by candlelight, listening to the crackle of the fire and enjoying the flames flicker light around the room. #sandy

Death toll from Sandy rises to 48, two more deaths in PA confirmed #sandy

SoMe News: This is What Sandy Did to Verizon HQ [PIC]

Manheim reviews superstorm Sandy impact

Cumberland County Deals with Creek, Stream Flooding After Sandy

I lived in south beach and hurricane warnings was every two weeks but this #sandy shit god damn. We with you NY. (Never said that before)

Hurricane Sandy offers instructive lessons on data storage logistics and crisis preparation | MedCity News:

whores don't need a costume, just say you're sandy and blow men.

Browsing the hurricane Sandy coastal change assessment info from the USGS

I'm literally going to gain 10 pounds from eating 24/7 #Sandy

Fire truck (with lights on) parked outside my building for about 5 minutes, firefighters looked around, then drove off. Whew. #Sandy #Inwood

Heartbreaking urgent news being covered on regarding 25k stranded in and is yelling about skewed polls. #sandy

#Sandy !? Ha that's not a huracane, it's just #Thor loosing his hammer again!

I Guess You Can Say That Hurricane Sandy Is Officially Over, Well In Hoboken At Least. A lot of Things Changed

Saving 1.4 million websites from #Sandy, one water bottle at a time ~ just another reason why kicks ass

POPULAR: Sandy's Damage As Seen From The Sky  [Vid]

My prayers go out to everyone in the path of hurricane Sandy. May god be with you  through this hard time. I have family on the east coast

The aftermath of #Sandy Storm, probably will be the greatest #Halloween decoration

#Sandy: Less than 24hrs after storm #Newark NJ w/90% power out has power coming on thanks to teamwork of Local, Natl guard  FEMA #Obama

no school on halloween this is a wonderful world thanks sandy

Elderly man rescued from flooded Old Saybrook home  #wfsb #Sandy

Reading by candlelight. Day two with no power. Thinking of those far worse off than us. #sandy #hurricanesan

sandy fucked me all up it still feels like sunday

I've seen 3 conspiracy theories about #Sandy so far: Romney did it, Obama did it, Iran/Syria did it. Geez

YAY!    National Parks Officials Say Statue Of Liberty, Ellis Island Are Undamaged By #Sandy

Taylor Swifts new album will always remind me of this hurricane cause that's all I've been listening to for the past two days.

Could Sandy Postpone The Election?: One week before a close election, superstorm Sandy has confounded the presid

never thought sandy would have been this bad

Your Say: Hurricane Sandy brings America together - USA TODAY  #news

Having a hard time dealing with Sandy aftermath. My family  friends down the shore :( footage has shaken me

Help for Sandy. Please text DONATE to 90999 to give $25 to the Red Cross. When prompted, reply YES to confirm. Terms: htt

Even Hurricane Sandy cannot beat her.

Bummed that hurricane Sandy ruined our New York trip for the birthday week, but then I look around and think how

No work until Thursday. Club better bs open tomorrow. I'm going H.A.M cause I'm on a Hurricane Vacay

#RedCross Continues Large Sandy Relief Operation  #FEMA continues to B a JOKE

silly sandy, you can't mail cars!!!

Our report on the Inland Northwest asking for blood and $$$ to help with #Sandy response:

they notu safe I kno that hurricane around your area

New York City VS Sandy Storm, hope that NYC will survive by that Frankenstorm attack. #PrayForNewYork

The day after: Superstorm Sandy's Impact | The day after: Superstorm Sandy's Impact | photoMojo |

Sandy is getting me sick my head hurts and my ear is starting to hurt

Social-Media Users Flock to Facebook for Sandy Updates: Social-Media Users Flock to Facebook, Twitter for Sandy

.com is the one to spell it out: we built this. #sandy

Conspiracy theory: Engineered hurricane helps Mitt Romney   #obamafail

If I see one more spongebob joke about hurricane sandy im going to stick my head into a wood chipper.

The VFC family is sending our thoughts and positive energies to all those in the path of Sandy and recovering in

LIVE From NY, It's Hurricane Hurley bringing us real time post sandy coverage!

About to post my pictures from hurricane Sandy. In the mean time text 90999 to donate $10 to the American Red Cross

According to the news, Sandy is a mind controlling republican. Thanks internet.

Going to bed early. It is dark here anyway, least the kids are sleeping soundly. Surviving despite the aftermath of #Sandy. Sweet dreams xx

I hear it have a Hurricane Brandon in my bedroom.

Ahhh4 all those who don't believe we don't need government in our lives, witness the challenges 2 ALL of Hurricane Sandy. #think

Anyone with info on this?  Where? Details? RT There's looting in Red Hook right now #sandy

My bedding just became a #Sandy casualty. There's apparently a window leak that I was not made aware oftime for a new set!

A 300-year-old hurricane on Jupiter is still going strong! #Sandy ain't shit. Racks of #FACTS

I think it is thundering outside .. I scare ! The hurricane sandy :( please ! Safe me

Our apologies, our phone server is based in NY and is without power at this time due to Hurricane Sandy. Thank you for understanding.

looking at pictures of the havoc sandy wreaked #eyesWideOpenMouthGaping

I wonder, could #sandy be a last minute blessing in disguise for #potus?

Damn this hurricane has been bad here I don't have power or service on this phone -.-

The view from #DUMBO. South of 39th is sleepy dark. Notice the BK side of the Manhattan bridge is only one lit. #Sandy

I figured u would appreciate the coincidence. Hurricane Sandy headed toward Russell Crowe's 'Noah' ark

Personal connection to Sandy devastation: Help from local chapters of the American Red Cross is already in the n

Gee a hurricane just ended and next week we have a presidential election. I guess Penn State's BoT is more important than that?

If I was #Sandy, i'd hit my neighbors house ;)

With my luck my phone was finally shipped from china and sandy destroyed the apple office #imaloser

Just say you missed me and my suffering through Sandy would have been all worth it. ;)

apparently Sandy was the biggest Superstorm ever the US ??? shiit

Superstorm Sandy: key updates via

Hurricane Sandy shows dark side of social media: Lisa and Michael Chamberlain, a newlywed couple on their honeym

Ugh!! #sandy you suck!! Friends stuck in New York and want them home now..

Haven't had a smoke all day. Thanks sandy.

RT WH official says that the WH will cancel tomorrow's planned Halloween activities due to Hurricane Sandy.

sandy wont stop me from make music

yall talkin bout NY, NJ nem cant take a hurricaneion think yall seen the damage Sandy did up thereshit was serious!

A special news cast on sandy not sure I want to watch.

How innapropriate would it be to have Hurricane Sandys theme song be this?

Well, we made it through Sandy well here.  Didn't even loose power.  Hopefully you are all well.  However, our

Update: 50 Reported Deaths So Far As A Result of Hurricane #Sandy

Dear hurricane #Sandy        Go $ yourself for making my power go out! I keep my beer cold with a generator like a cave man!-Tony

really #abc?  more #sandy coverage instead of a new #privatepractice??  booo!!!

I think God that me and my family my state and my county such a blessing! To have #sandy

#sandy = massive economic burden. Will favor #Romney in polls. Despite a BS 5 pnt plan he is seen as an economist

because of hurricane sandy , i can actually say that im happy to live in windsor

PS: my mom's name is Sandy, so I imagined it was my mom blowing thru ppl's houses telling them to put on some lipstick. It wasn't like that.

didn't they no one gets voted off due to Sandy? Did I make that up?

#republicans #tcot after all the dirt on mitt  u STILL support that guy? And the way he's approaching this hurricane situation? Idiotic

This hurricane is fucking up my Econ project

Sandy disrupts trick-or-treating along Seacoast: In addition to the power outages and road closures, the powerful

I don't see how people can make fun of this hurricane..Are you really that heartless? They need lots of prayer, not jokes. #HurricaneSandy

just sayin deal with a female or drive in a hurricane?? Especially if she got her own house no need to be foolish.

I don't care who you are or what you believe injust say or if nothing else think a kind thought for the victims of Hurricane Sandy.

Remember that just because it missed you, doesn't mean you should ridicule this storm. #sandy

If my Halloween gets cancelled because of you sandy, my life is ruined.

Praying for everyone in the Northeast, watching the news coverage is heartbreaking #Sandy

If #Sandy didn't knock out ur internet service, feel free to check out my #blog at  #BROOKLYN #teamnatural

I saw that picture last year when that Hurricane hit smh

I think it was my room that got hit by Hurricane Sandy. #mess

My aunt and uncle never evacuated their shore home in NJ but they survived Sandy with little damage. #thankgoodness

releasing 30 horses into nature at a time of a hurricane is a terrible ifea

just for a hurricane party an a sleepover.not the whole destructive part!

Thank you God for protecting my friends #eastcoastfam #Sandy

I dunno why my job tryna be a hero. If the damn Stock Exchange ain't open, clients need to realize a hurricane rolled through and chill out.

Just think, if the #Tigers had won Game 4, we would be sitting around wondering if #Sandy would ever allow Game 5 to be played! #rain

In light of #Sandy, #Colleges Urged to Extend Nov. 1 Admissions Deadlines #education

#Skyfall ( Version) ~ Thinking of You ~ A Perfect Circle ~   ~ #Sandy ~ #Boom feel special

God. This hurricane sandy, these poor people.

The jersey shore is gone! Holy crap hurricane sandy is no joke.

Honored to be the subject of your first tweet! Hurricane Sandy didn't do much here.

New blog posting, Gerald McSwiggan: Hurricane Sandy: 5 Tips for Business Donors -

My prayers and thoughts go to all people in the path of hateful Sandy!!

Hurricane Sandy Causes Partial Crane Collapse In Midtown Manhattan

They should name hurricanes after black people. Sandy doesn't sound threatening, but I bet you'd evacuate ur home for a Hurricane Shaniqua!

Holy its a shit storm Ricky.. #sandy #thunderandlightning

Hope everyone is staying safe after this whole Sandy fiasco!

The low pressure system from hurricane Sandy is giving me a mild headache. #HaveSomeDecencySandy#HurricanesAreInconsiderate

Quick question.. How does one go about naming a hurricane?? #iwantthatjob

Maryland got lucky af with this hurricane ! Cause sandy destroyed New Jersey  New York. !

#Sandy Obama, shouldn't you be boarding a plane to Las Vegas now? Your pre-election concern of this devastation is so transparent and fake.

Glad to see this in the mainstream: on inequality in disaster and how different classes experience Sandy.

These are all the sexcessories we need for a post-Sandy Tuesday nigh Wine bar. N 6th

A 125' Super Yacht doing all it could to balance it's self at Newport Ship Yard yesterday during Hurricane Sandy.

still finding fragments due to Hurricane Sandy costume

sandy hurricane done did a lot of damage, praying for my family up there

So my essay is due Friday instead of tomorrow. Thanks Sandy.

#Courts in #Manhattan remain closed, with the exception of #arraignments and emergency applications. #Sandy

Latest update from the city says #sandy driving ban is in place until further notice. #jerseycity

We're tracking Sandy.Long lines and breaking curfew to get scare gas for their vehicles in Monmouth and Ocean counties NJ

Washington DC shuts down in preparation for hurricane Sandy: Panic buying and fears over capabilit  #beer #cheers

S/O to my main nigga SANDY for keep the east coast chill #realtalk

Hurricane night out. Drunk as hell with 15 people watching the game.

Hurricane Sandy really should have had hit Florida. We know how to deal with this stuff and are built for this. So much dam

#Sandy , #parkdale homicide a homicide and two shootings in 12 div.  Busy busy two days for this #cp24 photog. #Toronto #tvnewslife

This sandy bitch is fuckin' wit my money

Watching the hurricane on ABC news or whatever it is. It's just so crazy to me that all of this is happening. I just can't believe it.

Informed: NBC News anchor Brian Williams hangs in Point Pleasant, NJ. #jerseyshore #sandy

hurricane sandy froze my ass of at my game tonight. #thankssandy

Fuck the #MSM, it's goddamn hurricane not a political event. Pull your heads out of the asses. It's about people no politics. #MSM=CUNTS

'coming soon: Thurston reviews bar where he drank beer during hurricane'

I wonder how long it will take for #newyork to recover?? I'll be out there in 2 weeksit really is so sad. I couldn't even imagine. #Sandy

I just think its so insane how a house was blown off its foundation and crashed into another house. Sandy was not bs'n.

Thoughts  prayers for folks in NY  NJ suffering in the wake of Hurricane Sandy. Please don't let the election ov

Obviously Lilo forgot to feed Pudge his peanut butter sandwich, and that's why we had a hurricane. Because Pudge controls the weather.

Kim kardashian sends her prayers to those affected by sandy. I don't have power! Kims thinking of me?

I hope Sandy took that bitch Snooki and shook some sense into her #JerseyShore

Drink locally at these NYC bars open post-Sandy.

How do yu even get a hurricane up north ?? o_O

PLUS I HOPE YOU GUYS ARE OK there, from the hurricane LOL

My heart and prayer go out to all those on the east coast who were affected by Hurricane Sandy #GodBless

My Thoughts and Prayers are With Those Affected By Hurricane Sandy - Official website,

Need night volunteers at the Park Slope Armory YMCA Shelter. Tons of displaced nursing home folks here. Let me know if you can help. #sandy

Seems like Sandy leave some side effects behind.

People are taking totally different approaches to this hurricane happening

halloween seems flop this year .. is it cause im gettingold or cause of hurricane sandy ?

Steve King: Opposing Aid For Hurricane Katrina 'A Good Vote' (This scumbag should stop charity 2 Israel) via

58 people died in the floods of Canvey Island in 1953, of a then population of around 13,000. #Sandy #NYC Pop: 8 - 9M #crisis

nicole thank god u dis survive #sandy!!!! I wouldnt be entertain if not :(

I texted D about being worried about the hurricane early yesterday and he called me a wuss. How rude.

when life gives you #sandy, Alton makes tuna and shadow puppets! Glad you made it through unscathed!

While Obama was trying to help with #Sandy relief, Romney was collecting cans in Ohio that the Red Cross said they didn't

We'll be Supporting the Hurricane Sandy Relief Efforts. So thoughtful

Not only was crime down in the harbor due to flooding, I also lowered the boom on illegal parking. #Baltimore #Sandy

my prayers and sympathy to All the victims of superstorm #Sandy to east cost of USA.,

So Monday blog and Tuesday comic didn't happen today because of the Hurricane. Power loss, and all that Jazz. I have power NOW, but no comic

Hurricane sandy wouldn't be here if Patrick wouldn't have kept making fun of Texas

NYC's cooks, taxi drivers,maids left loved ones at home while wealthy could care for their families David Rohde  #sandy

we just had a hurricane.. and norwalk people still lettin bullets fly #smh!!

Can I get a RT cause there was just a big hurricane? #stupidRTreasons

Amazing! is still up and running - keeping it going by hand-carrying fuel up to the 17th floor. Thanks! #sandy

In pictures: After Storm Sandy: After the storm, residents of the mid-Atlantic coast are beginning to clear up t

I am about to upload video of the damage hurricane Sandy did to New York City had if anyone wants to see I will post links

aww I miss you guys too! I hope you're all safe from sandy!

Obama, FEMA hustle federal disaster relief to Sandy's aftermath - Reuters: Ghana News AgencyObama, FEMA hustle f

I wish Sandy blew the roof off my school too..

NYU Hospital Evacuation: Nurses Manually 'Breathed' For Babies After Hurricane Sandy Causes Power O  via

fuck! I forgot about that too! Damn Sandy! Blew away my memory too!

Pray for all the persons that were affected by the torment. #pray #sandy

I'm praying for everyone in the path of Hurricane Sandy, stay safe.

Sandy Relief Mission Trip: I am putting together team - leaving soon, probably as early as next week. Volunteers accepted  encouraged.

Finally got the Internet back and everything is now restored. Feel blessed we were unconvinced not so much with Sandy

oh I don't take algebra. And I see you survived hurricane Sandy ;)

Epic #surf photos: TRACKING #SANDY : PA//t.co/RPEbCOjY #Surfline via

R My prayers go out to everyone suffering because of the hurricane, counting my blessings tonight #sandy

A lot of neighborhoods around here are postponing Trick or treating because of the Hurricane

67 Orange Street on #Yelp: in #Harlem is packed and not letting  #Sandy stop the crowds!!!

Luckily we already had water!  #hurricane #sandy

maybe you'll see Sandy at least. Cheeks I mean. Her treedome is probably on top of the Empire State Building now.

You'll all let me know when the cabin fever sends me round the bend, right? #Sandy #peanutbutter #wine #whereisthatmusiccomingfrom

Well back to reality tomorrow. It's been fun Sandy.

Superstorm Sandy: New York mayor says now is not time for Obama visit

OK, I know I'm on the West Coast, but I'm still slightly miffed there's not a single hurricane related trend in the top list here right now.

My heart is literally breaking for NYC and NJ. #sandy

Hurricane Sandy hits NYC makes for spectacular and horrifying photos -

Citigroup says Wall St. offices will be unusable for weeks after #Sandy battered Manhattan |  Via

Post Sandy #HappyHour specials all day long today all locations minus Bethesda which is stil

Amazing stories right now on cnn about babies transferred from nyu med center to mt sinai during sandy. #nyc

Apparently, Sandy did more damage than we knew.

Please text REDCROSS to 90999 to donate $10 to the Sandy Relief Fund. It's easy, charged directly to your phone bill, and will help many!

obamamessiah is losing, knows he's losing, and can't do anything about it.  Kind of like the storm surge from Sandy.

IF any Americans change their vote b/c of #Sandy then you were as unpredictable as the storm itself#BENGHAZI #Unemployment #DEBT #GODless

How hurricane sandy affected the east coast is just sad

Borrowed this from a friend  If yall can see wat Sandy did to our boardwalks Smh

Ohmygod. I'm watching the news about the Hurricane Sandy. AWFUL. :(

My latest for on New #Jersey residents cleaning up after #Sandy

just appreciate u had two days off and be happy nothing happened to u or anyone you love. We don't need another sandy

Let's remember to pray for all those affected from Sandy

Maybe Sandy will float them to Ohio for us

A break in the weather: Elmo appears on New York radio to talk to kids about superstorm #Sandy

How we spent the days sandy gave us #hurricane #sandy #socks #freepeople #roomdog #meow

Hurricane Sandy's sick of sleeping alone.

Totally unaffected by our #sandy evacuation. #sleepy #baby #whendidhegetsohuge #8months  rents

#MSNBC Bashes #Romney for Collecting Food and Supplies For Hurricane Victims  #tcot #p2 #mitt2012

Why in the hell did the Mayor of New York speak Spanish in his address to the people about Sandy? #justno #learntospeakEnglish #ourcountry

I don't get this concept that #Sandy has elevated #Obama to a god. Maybe in the Northeast but that was safely blue anyway.

Mad,I cnt watch game cuz of the bouzen sandy

if i ask to have a sleepover on a  friday night my mom says no but if my sister wants one the day after a huge hurricane ya know why not

People are losing a lot in this hurricane and folks joking?? Smh.

My boo and I trucking through Sandy's aftermath to the market.

My thoughts and prayers are with all my friends living in Sandy's wake. Stay safe and dry. XOXO

I liked a video from  HURRICANE SANDY WIND 10-29-12 DAY 45

The High Cost of Hurricane Sandy  via #Sandy

Sandy had me in this house thinking about to much

unfollowed #Sandy Mo important than you

They should of named Hurricane Sandy 'Hurricane Sanchez' instead. Then there would of been no chance of touchdown in New York.

#internetnews Hurricane Sandy wallops Internet commerce just as hard: SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Fr  #timelesstech

Dear St Chris students, the real world doesn't stop for a little cat1 hurricane so stop bitching and grow a pair an

same! I was so bored from the stupid hurricane and omg i thought i was your icon for a second i was so confused

Most importantly right now, how is storm Sandy going to effect the elections? Considering those states are normally swing states Hmm

Power and the subway go hand in hand in terms of recovery effort.  #sandy

Few wind, rainfall warnings remain as Sandy loses strength - CTV News: CTV NewsFew wind, rainfall warnings remai

Hope all my East coast friends and their friends are safe! Keeping y'all in my thoughts and prayers. #Sandy did not get the best of u!

thanks for ruining that .1% of the game. That bitch Sandy delayed mine in Virginia.

im bouta call sandy see if she tryn get me outta school tomorrow too for a couple nuts

Obama's glad Sandy Came He can Cover-up Libya

Sending positive thoughts to the East Coasthoping that each morning's sun brings hope and relieve to everyone affected #Sandy #support

My parents made this point too! Hurricane Sandy cartoon   via

I was mad that bitch sandy ain't even take the leaves off my treen.

#RomneysFEMA If a hurricane floods your home, seek higher ground in your car elevator.

PICKET: Al Gore blames Hurricane Sandy on 'global warming'

WHAT IF GAGNAM STYLE WAS A HURRICANE DANCE HUH

Aesop's Fables will take a break today because internet infrastructure impacts from #Sandy, will resume as soon as the guns are loaded again

My thoughts and prayers go out to all the people in New York and New Jersey affected by the hurricane

you can't if not I'll send #sandy your way.

In the mix: Music Choice Hurricane Mix Part 1Shout out to everyone affected by the storm, stay safe!

you're right! Photographers are so inyourface! I saw some nice lenses in hurricane sandy clips this morning on the news lol!

Nuclear Power Plants Hit in Sandy's Path: What Mainstream Media Isn't Telling Us

I've been watching the news over hurricane Sandy for a while  it's really sad. My prayers go out to all who have be

I would like to thank the following ppl for getting through sandy.. Coors brewing company, Skoal smokeless tabacoo, and my car charger

Sandy may have destroyed NYC, but Super Baby Geniuses 2 was a bigger disaster.

shoulda told him to eat something else instead but then yu mighta made a hurricane baby

Fuck sandy that bitch needa take her ass home

Back in New Bedford after two days of travel, one hurricane, one and a shit ton of PBR. Gotta say that we had one hell of a time.

MT Carbon monoxide is both colorless and odorless. Make sure you are operating your generator safely  #Sandy

I thank you, hurricane, for blowing my power out and melting all the icecream so I'm not constantly eating it and getting fat, UR GR8

As Sandy sloooooowly unwinds and drifts north, I peek at something that may affect SW Va near Election Day.  #swvawx

Sandy gone.. NorthEast is left with flood, fire, devastation and 20 Billion in damage. Time 2 pick up the pieces now.

USA, NEVER FORGET! ran attacks on Obama and ignored Hurricane Sandy when viewers needed emergency info. And u

I'm so glad to see VA Beach make make headlines again in this year's big hurricane:

I favorited a video from  HURRICANE SANDY: DREAMS, STORM PREDICTIONS  DENIALS!

We dropped off my hurricane buddy so i think i will go to sleep.

Sandy had my house booty bouncing yesterday. Wind a make her dance

Everyone forgot about mischief night. Sandy did enough damage.

Kelly HBill Clinton was saying that Romney's election is like Sandy hitting. Funny use to have those exact sentiments about Clinton

you keep me laughing and smiling through all that is wrecked here in Brooklyn from #Sandy THANK YOU

Soooooo Hurricane Sandy's killing folks and y'all on THE INTERNET fighting. Priorities around here bout as straight as bowling ball.

Get the impression, amidst all the tragedydestruction, TV's turning Sandy into a TV show? Can 'Frankenstorm, The TV Movie' be far behind?

#TMCF25  was a success regardless of the hurricane - Thanks students, sponsors, and supporters!

WICS: MILLIONS STILL WITHOUT POWER DUE TO SANDY: The death toll continues to rise and: MILLIONS STILL WITHOU

A photo says 1000 words. This one captures my feelings about Sandy  the cancellation of Halloween.

lol what a week..hurricane sandy,NBA Season, Meek Mill Dreams  Nightmares, Niggas got shot. No school for whole week. i got SATs on Sat.

Classic NYC story: Sandy: Darkness Has New Yorkers on the Move -   via

Not gonna lie I thought the hurricane sandy thing was funny but I realized today how bad it really is.

hosting datacenter affected by Sandy pls read updates

Sandy fucked everything up. Shit ain't real right no more.

Halfway finished my stand up for Friday if you know i still have the gig, because that bitch sandy has made it a hassle to travel to shit!

wow. Well next time hopefully there won't be a hurricane that makes a tree fall on my house. #Crystal

2 kids jump in the river during the aftermath of hurricane #sandy and get swept away. #wtfwereuthinking

Sandy Claims Life Of Off-Duty S.I. Police Officer Who Rescued His Family: Officer Artur Kasprzak, 28, die  #bronx

From Mashable: Twitter Troll Who Posted Fake Sandy News Apologizes to Internet: A Twitter tr  #socialmedia #news

Sandy Exceeds Expectations  Check out the story on

Mutant Mouse: MTA Video Release: Hurricane Sandy - South Ferry and Whitehall St Station Damage

Thank god Lucy the Elephant survived Hurricane Sandy. #lol #what

How do you get pretentious downtown New Yorkers to go and explore Uptown? Cut off their power! Sandy did what nothing e

[Mashable] Twitter Troll Who Posted Fake Sandy News Apologizes to Internet: A Twitter troll who tweeted a serie

I think after Hurricane Sandy, Hurricane Spongebob will appear.. :D

FLORIDIANS NEED TO THANK GOD FOR HIS PROTECTION FROM SANDY, AMONG OTHER STORMS. J2J PRAYERS FOR THOSE IN N.E.

whew Sandy got me loopy!

In conclusion: a post-Sandy America is better than a normal Libya.

lmao dawg we had fun in sandy inno hide n seek n shit lmao

Too bad the Jersey shore cast wasn't washed away by #sandy

Dam sandy taking down telephone line like its her job!

5 things we learned, 5 stories you missed during sandy, I could go on you get the point.

what if squad up is a rain dance an you created he hurricane?

Sandy is over  these Instagram games have gotten worse.what the ENTIRE fuck

Oh God :( My heart and prayers are with everyone affected by Sandy. Really hope everyone is okay. The damage is unbearable.

we think we have it bad from #hurricane sandy.. my heart goes out to people in new york dealing with this aftermath 3

Me  My Little Brother's ConversationHim:You Coming Outside With MeMe:For WhatHim:To Chill  I'm Hot Me:Yeah Right Sandy Going Get You

Early Reports See Spike in Google Searches of #Hurricane #Sandy and Kite Suppliers

thoughts and prayers go out to the people struggling from hurricane Sandy

Is there not a way to delay the #election a week so people dealing w/ #Sandy don't also have to worry about getting to the polls right now?

Had 2 leave NJ! True ting when they say nyc never sleeps even after a hurricane!

The gloves are off! No more disingenuous or truth bending or misinformation the press is now openly calling Romney a damn LIAR! #FEMA #SANDY

Ok, Sandy is over, let's finally report on Benghazi? #tcot #p2

Worst mass #transit crisis in #NYC history -  -MT #cities #Sandy

im just happy my friends and family all made it through the hurricane. thats all i have to say about sandy.

Praying for everyone arcoss the East Coast that have been affected by Hurricane Sandy.

The before Pic of the tree.  Prior to 6 hours of clearing and cutting #sandy

Hv frnds thr in NY, just hope sandy calms dwn n decides to retreat back frm whr she came

I was going to host a parade but Sandy rained on it

I liked a video from  Hurricane Sandy Aftermath Vlog - I Am Alive

we take care of our own  #NYC #Sandy

283 palisade ave jersey city 07307 #nopower #Sandy #24hoursofdarkness

Desolate vision from Brooklyn. Pic via #sandy

Looking at these sandy pics..new York got FUCKED up!!! Lol

oh ok,well in a way that is good.how are you doing with #Sandy?Hope you are safe

Prayers go out to all affected by Sandy in the east coast.

I'm going to start watching his show now. Jimmy Fallon show during Sandy:

Praying for everyone effected by Sandy! Some have had devastating property damage, trees downed, roads clo

dawg we can't have a hurricane in Michigan Nigga

Sandy wrecked my submarine on the way there so I couldn't go. My B.

My mom doesn't have twitter, it would be amazing if u could give her a shout out on mine Her name is Sandy Bowers, she loves u

kinda surreal, the rest of the world knows more about destruction by #Sandy than I do, even though I'm in the zone of destruction #NYC #NJ

Many colleges extend Nov. 1 Early Decision deadlines due to Hurricane Sandy -

Bunking up with old but dear friends in the aftermath of Sandy. Tr

why didn't #sandy call before coming, because she came with wind.

Obama's October Surprise-- Creating and Steering Hurricane Sandy

Your letters: Hurricane Sandy and global warming

Weird to see all this hurricane news and not be in it.  #thesouth

Just saw a report that said 42 babies born at one hospital in NYC during #Sandy.

Next time I hear a hurricane is coming for the states.. I'm OUT. I don't know where to, but I'm out.

Best Sandy video I've seen.

Reading: Wordless Wednesday 195: Bracing for Sandy's arrival

Just spent 90 minutes getting caught up on Twitter. To summarize: Sandy blows, Apple fires, Disney buys Star Wars, Risky is the New Safe!

Introducing the Inverse Benghazi: For this new idea (Sandy is the inverse of Benghazi), we have the confused mind of

My whole neighborhood looks like this man #Sandy #Igotlucky #smh

Fuck Sandy, this D.Rose commercial has me ODE hyped

After the storm no bright person planning to have kids soon will decide to name them Sandy, whether boy or girl.That is a good thing indeed.

Kudos to Christie in his response to Sandy. The man's words  actions are sincere; he's put politics aside to help HIS people. Much respect.

I send my thoughts and prayers to all of the victim who got Hurricane Sandy O:)

The 'OTHER SIDE' of Hurricane Sandy not seen in the media or newspapers. The hurricane also struck CUBA, HAITI AND

I see and have their Sandy Specials up in less than 24 hours. Still waiting on #Benghazi and #sevenhoursofhell. *Crickets*

Mid terms has caused me to not know anything about Hurricane Sandy. my bad NJ

A hurricane Katrina was a lot worse than sandy! NY people need to stop overreacting!

Who names the hurricanes ?? Who has the pleasure !! Smashed it with Sandy, Irene, Katrina lool

Badai Sandy Lumpuhkan 'Pasukan' Call of Duty  via

Sandy has been a wonderful woman to me and I have nothing bad to say about her

sandy probably didn't do as much damage as we did during senior week. #reckless

Praying for everyone who is going through the hurricane, Please stay safe.

hearing that parts of Robert Moses beach and ocean state pkwy didn't make it. lost to the sea. #Sandy

#sandy you dont help viewers cope w/ catastrophe by downplaying climate change

Maybe like a hail, tornado, hurricane resistant tent would be nice.

I bet all those I-Built-That Folks affected by #Sandy are thanking their lucky Stars there is a FEMA !

ugh 66 sounds HEAVENLY rn i can't deal. we got all this wind from effects of sandy

3 news items from 10/30/12 - 1. Hurricane Sandy; 2- Disney buys Lucasfilm; 3- everyone's an expert.

Hurricane Sandy is probably the worse thing to happen to this country since the Bush Administration #p2 #tcot

Sandy threatening $48 billion worth of New York-area residential property: report  via

If #Sandy had been human, she would have been of the psychotic motherfucking  slut bucket variety. #excusemyfrench Hugs to all she hurt.

#Sandy Sandy swoops in to save Obama - Chicago Tribune - Deseret NewsSandy swoops in to save ObamaChicago TribuneAnd

Get ready PC. Hurricane sandy is coming tomorrow for halloween

#Sandy is the first warning for American pres from #MotherNature. If u dnt deal with the #climateChange, smething mre dras

Hurricane Sandy showed the dark side of social media: rumors and hype:

: would you rather get submerged by the tsunami or get raped by big Susan.. Me: Susan? Sandy you mean? AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA SUSAN OMFG

Giving a shout out to my tweeps tonite on with Dave Letterman. #NYC crowds Rock! #Sandy

You wanna play the cold game  well call me sandy thennn !

Halloween was moved for me because of sandy

#Sandy power outages reaches more than 8.1 million homes and businesses

Our Deepest Sympathy, Our thoughts, and our Prayers to the victims of Sandy.

Sandy What're you doin? Sandy STAPH!

Right after the hurricane I ran to sephora #guruproblems

Sandy Leaves Rockland Powerless for 7-10 Days -   via Nyack News

will do , sandy has fecked off now it seems. #hurricunt

BBC Global News: 31 Oct 12 AM Sandy's aftermath  #Audio #News

Monday mornings are the worst hurricane of them all.

Sandy's US stats so far:Maximum size 1,000 miles acrossHighest surge 14 ft - New YorkStates seeing intense effects of storm 17Deaths 51

The pictures of the aftermath of hurricane sandy make me sick to my stomach

Exploding Homes And The Stench Of Gas: Long Island, Post-Sandy: When PIX 11 News took a driving tour of s  #bronx

Let the Hurricane Apartment Hop begin! #frankenstorm #Frankenfeast minilgh

Hurricane --- look on the bright side.. Ya'll don't need to go 2 skwl :)

That bit named #Sandy needs to go back where she came from!

So I know this hurricane Sandy is a big deal, but does anyone else always think if Sandy Cheeks from Spongebob Squarepants?

Photo: ilaich-kittehkicksaves: damnthatswhatshesaid: When mother nature gives you a hurricane, you drift.

Great article in the #WSJ about the dark side of #SocialMedia and #Sandy

Magnolia Medical Foundation cares about the victims of Hurricane Sandy. Our thoughts and prayers are with you all.

Damage thanks to #Sandy in Carle Place, NY

Coast Guard Station New York upholds rescue efforts through Hurricane #Sandy damage  #hmrd

Trump could do something useful for once and donate his $5 million to Red Cross hurricane relief efforts!

Thousand of blood drives canceled due to Hurricane Sandy.  Blood supplies critically low. If you can donate blood in November, please do so!

my sleep schedule is off because of the hurricane. I could sleep with the fear of wind ripping my house apart.

Let's compare and contrast Obama/Sandy with Obama/BP Oil Spill. Funny what a difference an election makes, isn't it? #tcot

Just a reminder that Hurricane Sandy also affected Latin American countries, especially Cuba, Haiti, Jamaica and the Domin

Haibo! musani ukuhlekisa ngama hurricane azofika nibe muncu.

coffee date ASAP well as soon as sandy destruction has cleared #screwsandy

Do you ?!HURRICANE SANDY: Beach Haven West damage.By John Crack via NBC

This hurricane ruined my favorite time of year

I see TJ is overly concerned for the people in the line of Sandy.

After Sandy,i feel Nostradamus's predictions coming true

Thank you Hurricane Sandy for destroying Surf Club. Now you can stop sending me Facebook invites.

A possible side benefit from #Sandy is that all of the political campaign posters and lawn signs seem to have blown away. #fb

This isn't even hurricane season anymore. You can't go to war with Mother Nature.

turns out he already spent that $5 mil. He couldve helped #sandy with On the zombie wig for #Halloween. 10 Fold Donald ;)

hey ace do you got power at your house in did you have a hurricane sandy in california it your friend jareal.

S/O to everybody tonight. We survived the hurricane

No type of work was completed over this Sandy nonsense smdh

Headline Sandy shows dark side of social media  Statue of Liberty pic was BS

As Hurricane Sandy pounded the US Atlantic coast on Monday night  millions of residents turned to Twitter as a newswire

People laughing bout hurricane Sandy. People are dying, losing homes  everything they've worked hard for  you guys are making jokes?

Me: yho this weather.. My mom: yeah, Sandy's coming to Joburg.. Such things aren't funny -___-

it's very hard to keep reptiles warm with no electric..so shitty. #Sandy

I have no gas and no gas stations are opened to pump gas fo dat ass. #Sandy

Any idea if you'll air Monday's #90210 that didn't air due to Sandy coverage? I'm in Canada so can't watch on /Hulu sites.

Twitter user who twt'd dangerous, inaccurate twts during #Sandy resigned from job as a result. This is our world now. Watch what you tweet.

So did the Mayan's predict hurricane sandy??

Could a storm like Sandy happen here?  #sandiego

Sandy has fuck all on Katrina, yet its in the news just as much

2 the families who fell victim 2 Hurricane Sandy, 4 those who lost houses, valuables, cars,  even lives, my praye

Atleast 40 people are killed with hurricane sandy, 18 of them in Newyork.Sandy has affected 50m people,it will cost the US $20B to recover.

#sandy youu did too much girl !!

Getting on a flight tomorrow SFO-LHR  my mind is imagining the flight to be turbulent due to Sandy. #worry #fearofflying

Feel so bad for all those people that lost their homes due to Sandy

suspends campaign during #sandy, but ramps up campaign during #benghazi while it burns and 4 americans dieoh so presidential

Panorama -  Sandy: Washington verso normalita'

#BreakingNews #News #mondoTgcom 06:20 - SANDY, 48 LE VITTIME NEGLI USA

The sheer power of Sandy was such that it broke a crane into half, nature at its destructive best

election will tighten as result of hurricane be very close

U.S.: Cyclone Sandy initial damages, $20B in property, $13B in business, also 18K flights canceled, 8.2M without power  48 reported deaths.

To those families who were affected by Hurricane Sandy: We offer up our prayers for you!

Sandy was fatsandy was widebut sandy made us all run and hide #realtalk

Thank God they weren't Muni-Meters. #ConeyIsland #Sandy

I bet they wont donate some of the precedes to the hurricane sandy victims tho

All this #Sandy hype did anybody see the chemdumps and #chemtrails on the atlantic??

Thanks for making a difference  Text to help victims of Superstorm #Sandy

OMG guys 2012 is actually starting Like the hurricane and floods in NYC an now a massive storm is about to happening in Melbourne! :/ ahh

No I'm pretty sure the world isn't ending in 2012, and Sandy isn't a foreshadow of things to happen. #ComeOnPeople

OMG EVA!!! u are TOO AWESOME!!! Luv Luv Luv the little mermaid bit, that made my hurricane day!! ^_^

Thanks to Sandy, Obama gets a chance to act presidential. BFD. If that was the criteria, Martin Sheen would be POTUS

Appealing everybody to co-operate in acts  recovery in your capacity  All our thoughts are with you.#sandy#prayforusa#

Hurricane Lola may be hitting Bham this weekend! Prepare thy liver!

Hurricane Sandy on the east costshorts on the west coast

Maybe hurricane sandy is coming to SA aswell wit such winds

After #Sandy let's see if media cover India? #cyclonenilam approaching Tamil Nadu-Andhra coast, landfall evening 2GMT

Wall street got F'd in the A, and now the Rand is gettin' stronger, so I'm sympathetic to the yankees, yet grateful to Sandy. Hade NYC.

New York is recovering after superstorm Sandy carve  #Leimo

with all this #sandy activity, people seem to have totally forgotten about the plastic bag

#nw dateline hurricane sandy. God its sad.

looks like OC got a soaking by #sandy. I was there in a storm and the place got submerged.

Obama: Badai Sandy Belum Berakhir  via

One day there will be a Hurricane Bob and I'm gonna feel like a real dick. #sandy

cheering the destruction of a city, loss of life and livelihood? Cheap. #Sandy.  Deepest condolences,whatever your politics.

Stay safe American, East Coast those stranded by Hurricane Sandy. Prays.

u heard 4rm g5 since the hurricane yesterday? is niggas good

my name is coming in wrong deeds of acts of GOD ! BEWARE jesus is coming on 21,12,2012 as new awataar of cyclone sandy !!!!!

Not gonna lie. I really hope my ex boyfriend was in jersey and sandy fucked him up #karmabitch #youllgetyours #immagogetmine

NEWS:Hear more from Wirral man who lives in Manhattan on 95.8fm. He's been telling us how he's coping after superstorm #Sandy

I legit haven't taken sweatpants off for the past 3 days because hurricane and not leaving my house.

Hurricane sandy really fucked up the playstation network

Dark city, slashing winds just the right scene for Halloween in NY. #Sandy

This is so amazing, doesn't seem like it can be real.  But it is Sandy approaching New York.

I was happy when I heard in the news that Sandy destroyed the Jersey Shore.  Then I sadly found out they weren't talking about the show.

Business Highlights: Superstorm Sandy will end up causing about $20 billion in property damages and $10 billion to

yes lord!!!! Lol.. did y'all get hit by the hurricane?

Looks like no one in the northeast coast will be able to use those codes thanks to Sandy #HurricanesHateBL2

Mass. residents clean up after escaping the full burnt of Superstorm #Sandy -  (AP) #news #MApoli #tcot #ccot

Dear Nilam plz take care.India may not be ready n prepared as US.we jnow we cant afford Sandy here. #India

All the crazy/terrifying photos from Hurricane Sandy

How CEOs Improvised in Sandy's Wake Home office improvement

Or maybe not it's cold and apperetly gas went back up cause of hurricane sandy

I wouldn't want a hurricane to be named after me!!

#NEWJERSY has become old worn  torn Jersy by curtsey of merciless  ruthless Hurricaine #sandy

Hurricane Sandy may force officials to hand-count ballots, but election will go on  via #US #elections

A big shout out to all the coast guards working hard saving lives due to hurricane sandy.

sandy actually may hit all the way in nigeria????

People Are Outraged By American Apparel's Hurricane Sandy Sale - Business Insider

Seeing the devastation of #Sandy on news and my thoughts and prayers go out to all the people affected by this

brace the impact. Sandy is coming son

Hurricane Jamil tore dis room up I cleaned it up tho

government type shit. It controls weather patterns and shit. Like this hurricane.

Do you have any personal stories from BBC correspondents in Cuba or Haiti about the effects there of hurricane #Sandy ?

More people die of dengue in Bihar than the catastrophic hurricane sandy in New York which was declared an emergency. Food

Cock blocking is illegal during 3rd shift, everybody out here stealing Twitter boo's like if hurricane Sandy was finna touchdown smh

NYU To Remain Closed Through Saturday Due To Hurricane Sandy: New York University announced Tuesday evening that classes will be canc

True scale of Sandy's devastation across Eastern Seabord emerges as death toll hits FIFTY a

it hid mid-70s here. but we just had a hurricane. things are bound to be weird.

Counting the cost of Frankenstorm Sandy: Superstorm Sandy could cost up to $45-billion in damages after it swept

[AutoTweet] - SANDY'S DEATH TOLL HITS 48; DAMAGE COULD TOP $20 BILLION

a page for news and pix about hurricane sandy the news wont tell you:

This October, Hurricane Sandy caused floods in New York. In the movie 2012, a hurricane caused floods in New York too

I didn't even know it was almost 3 lmao Sandy messed up my sleeping schedule. Hbu?

Has anyone heardare our churches in hurricane-hit states okay? #Sandy

I DON'T LOVE NYC.                                                                              -SANDY

Thanks  Less than 29 hours without power due to #Sandy  and now up and running in Jersey City.

but yo I haven't ha class this whole week bro.. You should've came down here for the hurricane

I don't have a costume for tomorrow. I'm thinking of going as #Sandy from Grease.

They should have named the baby Sandy.

Storm-wracked campaign: Widespread damage in the East from Superstorm Sandy threw state and local agencies tasked with running n  #TFB

SANDY, IM'A LET YOU FINISH, BUT HULK IS GREATEST AT DESTROYING NEW YORK.

NEWS: Keep Pets Safe During Hurricane Sandy: Title: Keep Pets Safe During Hurricane Sandy Category: Health News  ht

Trying to get some updates on Hurricane Sandy..couldn't  take the useless babbling anymore, so I turned it off! ht

how are u doing is the sandy affecting ur place

#News #MostRecent 'Heroic' Iran, 'resistive' Syria behind Sandy, pro-Assad group claims  via

Govinfo News: Could Superstorm Sandy Delay the Election?

bc of hurricane I didn't get to see - just watched on my phone. SO pissed! U should have won!!! Your song gave me chills!

Gore Ties Sandy to Climate Crisis: Former Vice President Al Gore warned in a blog post today that Hurricane Sandy is

Up so early x_o. #working. Sandy I hate u.

Have you seen NY like this? after #sandy

Damn #sandy for making 8pm feel like 12am. Now I'm up for no reason.

#EntertainmentNews:  Seaside Heights boardwalk rocked (literally) by Hurricane Sandy - The Star-Ledger -  #999TheBeat

reunion this week ==== sandy my have sumthin to say bout this lol

Sandy, will appears in world press photo 2013 :p

haha that made me laugh so hard! I needed thathurricane sandy knocked my power out for over 2 days..I miss u mitchy xo

Asia's mega-cities badly exposed to superstorms: PARIS: The hammer blow dealt to New York by superstorm Sandy should

Northeast back to business after Sandy's hard hit - Reuters: IBNLiveNortheast back to business after Sandy's har

up listening to music did sandy affect u?

Hurricane Sandy reminds me of the movie '2012' Did they predict the shit coming?

Sandy victim 13, identified as Angela Dresch, her father is missing and mother is in  #BabyAce #AngelaDresch

Yesyes I'm fine praise the Lord :)) Sandy has left NYC and the other east coast states yay! Tinggal recovery now

#DoFollowBlog Superstorm Sandy New York Unthinkable Damage:

If hurricane Sandy were to hit South Africa the first thing the government would do is pay R6 million to change the name to Sophy  makwena

forreal man if sandy had hit us we would have been underwater.. they aint never had shit for us

No grandmas sitting at the park today just trees #sandydamage #sandy #sandyaftermath #newyork

Gold ticks up after hurricane Sandy, investors wait for NFP and U.S. elections:

Deep sympathy with US over Sandy but it will recover soon. Haiti absolutely shattered by the storm. Obama show some class support Haiti.

Let's all continue to pray for all those effected by SANDY she is destroying so. Much

We are with #GeoTv and Pakistan media in this sad moment of #Sandy cz their funds will b late..

Still haven't heard from Anna Wintour nor Daphne Guinness if they made it out alive from the bitch #Sandy. Perhaps did? ;)

hope hurricane sandy wakes you up mate

Everyone in UK keeps saying #Sandy wasn't as bad as the news makes it sound. 40 dead, subway flooded - it sounds pretty horrific to me?!

Counting the cost of Hurricane Sandy: Hurricane Sandy damage estimates in the billions of dollars, as Alison Kos

Hi Dan, we're all running again. Sandy might had some impact on our servers. But we're 100% ok again.

Gary Rothfeld Baby Emma's 'harrowing night' from Sandy: Nancy Grace  CNN's Sanjay Gupta talk about the incredible  Gary Rothfeld News

Superstorm Sandy: Death toll hits FIFTY and damage set to top $50BILLION  via

B safe maa'm.hope Sandy disappears as fast as possible  :)

When are they going to tell us that the planet has tipped? Lots of evidence on YouTube. Is there a media blackout? #Sandy

Laid to waste by Sandy blast: Local death toll climbs to 35; more than a year to recover; Buses run but ra  #news

No one calling hurricane Sandy displaced people refugees. New Orleans' Americans didn't get the same respect during hurricane Katrina.!

Richmond Va. cotton, wheat crops could see some effects from Sandy

Hurricane Sandy: why have the British media ignored Caribbean victims?  (via | HT

That sandy hurricane ain't no joke they been talking bout this shit for like 2hrs NO LIE

you know, I had a pretty rough day at work today, too. #sandy

Utility workers cut power line at my house before clearing tree in my driveway. #sandy #danbury

You know how kids traditionally go out the night before Halloween and trash things? Well this year Sandy beat them to it.

Finally on route to America, Hurricane dodging along the way ;)

Wear Your Cape - Paul Ryan Vows More Photo-Ops to Look Compassionate in Wake of Sandy

BBC News - Sandy: New York devastation mapped

Of course can't drop these your to addicted to them #number1seller #Sandy  #GetGlue #Cigarette

What Sandy Did to Countries It's Already Hit #Caribbean #hurricanesandy #Cuba #Haiti  (via

Is the sundy storm. yep. the sandy storm.

Hurricane sandy is gods way of giving some karma back for the bombing of horishima

Its all rainy by me cuz sandy hurricane like thanks bitch for making the Madison square garden gig get canceled.

still a hurricane party at my crib tho ! #BYOB #ImOut !

has caused more damage than sandy

New Yorkers find a changed city post-Sandy - :

I love my city's resilience, #NYC. #Sandy is the worst hurricane NYC has seen. NY needs a reprieve from all of the abuse.

Hurricane sandy is not something to joke about

Over 120 people trapped on remote New York island after refusing to evacuate superstorm Sandy: The Suffolk Count

If you pay #AlGore carbon tax, will he make #Sandy go away?

If hurricane Sandy were to hit S.Africa the first thing the government would do is pay 6 million to change the name to So

#Sandy Update: The storm killed more than 50 people in the U.S. Eight million people out East still have no power.

Ive been drinking since Sandy brought her big ass to my city unannounced. I'm a straight up lush now that she's gone #damnyousandy

Cougar Town: A hurricane blows into town, so that means it's time for a hurricane party at Jules' house. But the

Get the sensations of riding real a bike outside, but w/out the hurricane, on a RealRyder bike

I think #Sandy just gave Obama the ticket. What with the 'anointed' political foe heaping praises on him #AmericanPolitics

FT Twitter keeps going on about nuclear power stations and hurricane Sandy. I think Derren Brown may have hacked my Twitter

Although NYC got beat up by Sandy, It could have been worse and I'm glad it wasn't. RIP to those that lost their lives!

Hurricane Sandy Demonstrates That the Insurance Industry Should Be Wary of Climate Change  #sustainability #csr

Watching My 3 and prayers go out to all those coping with the aftermath of Sandy. #PrayersUp #BlessingsDown

NASA release satellite footage of Hurricane #Sandy. WATCH here:

Glad you're not in danger. Yeah, I couldn't believe what I saw when I saw Manhattan's flooding photo. :O Sandy kills.

#Popular #News Disarray, millions without power in Sandy's wake  #TFB Goo

finally. although so many disasters, fires. can't imagine aftereffects of the hurricane.

(Hurricane) SANDY MEANS-'Defender of Man'. 'Protector of mankind'. Sandy an abbreviation of Alexander (the Great).

omg how is it out there?? That hurricane is crazy. And from Colorado

Arsenal! Worse than Sandy huricane Proud to be Gunner!

Remind me not to complain about weather.  Hurricane Sandy: After Landfall - In Focus - The Atlantic  via

Businesses in north-east are expected to start re-opening but many homes still have no power  #Sandy

I favorited a video  Hurricane Sandy: Super storm's Path Up East Coast Threatens New York, New Jersey,

10 Electricity-Free Activities For Hurricane Sandy  via

There was hurricane Patrick in 2011. Then hurricane sandy in 2012 what's next hurricane spongebob

#hurricane Remnants of SANDY Public Advisory Number 36: The NHC has issued its final advisory on this sys  #storm

Dozens dead as Sandy racks up $50bn of damage via  via are thinking of our friends #hurricanesandy

NYC Marathon moves forward after Sandy: NEW YORK -- Five days before New York hosts its namesake marathon, its

Meanwhile in America- Hurricane #SANDY :DL.P.C GATHERINg

MM South Africa: Newsjacking: Hurricane Sandy vs Lance Armstrong by Ann Druce:

Getting the day started. Looking forward to completing my tour today. #Sandy

We apologize in the struggle in New York everywhere hurricane Sandy gave distructionits wack.I hope things get betterits like 9/11

In the meantime , the #Israel has killed more people in #Gaza , than #Sandy in the USA !!

WoW PERFECT TRAP PREDICTD #Sandy 9/23/12 p107 ESPCLY GOP/Christi respons

In The News: Sandy costs some small businesses, but creates opportunity for others - Washington Post: Sandy cost

Small #Biz Hurricane Sandy Hammers Small Businesses: How to Prepare for The Next Disaster

Mitt Romney, the hollow man, hurricane relief is like cleaning up rubbish from a footbal field!  via

Sandy approaches | Flickr - Photo Sharing! -  via Shareaholic

#SANDY: #NYC subway closed down for several days -

As people cry about #sandy 's mischief across the US, nilam is coming home tonight from the back door. Tamil nadu, andhra, be safe.

Jaysis just heard about Sandy rippin the hole outta the US. Spent the weekend down in Horse and Jockey.You hear nuttin down there #Sandy

In the US Presidential Race, Hurricane Sandy could just turn out to be EPL Referee Howard Webb#fb

Sandy yesterday, today Halloween, tomorrow Nov 1st Caholics will celebrate the Saints. May God help us!

AP News - Region hit by Sandy struggles to resume daily life

Was wondering about this  Space shuttle Enterprise exposed after #Sandy

Coco shares her perspective of Hurricane Sandy with the world.  (video has large fake boobs flapping in the wind)

vid Coco Austin  Hr Breasts Show U hw Powerful Hurricane Sandy Storm Is

Wow I am glad we stayed inside when Hurricane Sandy was on us!

Thanks Danny! We were so lucky - no loss of power or any damage. Sandy turned out to be a stormy day for us

What happened out here mommy?? #sandy happened.

US air travel resumes after Sandy: SUPERSTORM Sandy shut down air travel in the US northeast, but now some fligh

so #sandy paralysed nyc and no svu outdoor scenes were filmed.so if this means we ll lose one week 's episode cuz of this i will KILL sandy

Packed up ready to go home !!!!! Fuck sandy

#sandy dealt a major blow to transportaion, still going to work. #truegrinder

Grimm taps FEMA for Staten Island hurricane aid; Molinaro sets up Borough Hall : STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. -- Rep.

Good Morning all.  Hoping that today brings more healing for those who are suffering after hurrican Sandy's landfall.

more sthevere windsth thanks to hurricane sthally. #hardtimesth

ALERT: Ripples of Hurricane Sandy may hit Lagos within a week - Govt says .,God forbids such

Hurricane Sandy? I just farted too hard #opps #fartswithprettynames

Spare a thought for the poor people of Delaware, for even when hurricane Sandy has passed they will still be in Delaware.

For Years, Warnings That It Could Happen Climate change  Hurricane Sandy Here

I'm SORRY BUT I DON'T PRAY. So if u in that hurricane  HOPE U DON'T DIE

Tell that blowhard Donald Trump to donate his $5 million to Red Cross hurricane relief efforts!  Share help

Did Obama really tell ppl in hurricane area w no power 2 check  Internet 4 info? 3am this morn-1st time I cld get Access on my phone. #tcot

Metro New York's Subway, Trains Down 'For Days': Hurricane Sandy has totally paralyzed the  undergrou  ArutzSheva

#bge what I really want for my baby shower is power.  I know it's not on my registry, but #sandy came along and changed things.

what are Putnam county school officials thinking? We re covered here in hurricane!!

Heartfelt prayer 4 all suffering #Sandy. Prayers for all assisting in effort 2 put u back 2gether! Hearts ache 4 u! Gods luv 2 u always!

Had the pleasure of meeting both of you at Hurricane Kart Club - True Gents. Have a great weekend guys.

Kudos to who has been working tirelessly during this very difficult time #sandy

When i see sandy im beating her ass

I'm mad b/c I can't listen to the on radio this morning. #smh Sandy

Hurricane Sandy better not fuck up the candy flow tonight !

our prayers go out to those hit by hurricane Sandy

my aunty gt hit by the hurricane. there's a massive tree in her back garden atm

David, seaside heights amusement park was damaged during Sandy :(

Staying home. I refuse to go to school without showering. Thanks hurricane for fucking up my water system.

People aside, all those animals are also pitiful during this hurricane.

#KMA tell all the people saying sandy wasn't shit to kiss my ass and be thankfulstupid asses.  Meanwhile our shore is gone

Sandy disrupted the lives of millions of people when it turned toward the northeastern United States and morph  @

#Sandy damage now estimated at $50B, second only to Katrina.

#Egypt #Masr Diplomats checking on US-based Egyptians after Sandy  #Sinai

There are some places hurricane sandy cnt reach! MY VILLAGEtoo many strong men

Thats right sandy run! Im in a truck! #work #hurricanesandy #alltalk #highway #canada

That is always a great feeling! Hope you are all doing ok as you continue to try to get things back to normal after Sandy.

No hurricane sandy is gonna stop me from going trick-or-treating today :)

Superstorm Sandy moves northward, still packs punch; now centred over Pittsburgh, heads east of Toronto this afternoon

eti kisumu si Kenya, ni America. did hurricane come inform of #ShemKwega?

Bush's FEMA director Brown criticizes Obama for responding too fast to Sandy.Katrina deaths 1800 Sandy deaths 50, too fast?

US East Coast assesses damage left by Sandy: Millions of people across the US Northeast are assessing the damage left by super storm

From my work in Asia, my heart goes out to everyone back eastern US now: Hurricane Sandy: Live Updates  (via

Hurricane Sandy creates havoc Hurricane Sandy took aim at the most densely populated US region on Monday, halting

Good morning Sandy! Just made it

KZRG Question of the Day: Is Hurricane Sandy a product of Global Warming/Climate Change? While it did not take

actually, the outskirts of the hurricane are here. How's your day going?

For a big-picture take on #Sandy, the 10/30 is a must-watch:

Morris County power live blog - tell us what you're seeing after Hurricane Sandy

How can Hoosiers help Sandy victims?: Hoosiers are stepping up to help victims of superstorm Sandy on  #fortwayne

Mitik is ok!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! even though the entire aquarium flooded #NYC #Sandy #Mitik

Just commented on 15 photos showing what people ate during superstorm Sandy -

devastating to hear 50 people have lost their lives and the destruction left behind. #sandy was such a bitch!

Google Crisis Map 2012 Sandy NYC

Top News: Sandy clean-up begins in U.S., victims still in shock

So grateful for running water. Low pressure, so it was an Amish shower this morning. But oh, the feeling of clean hair! #sandy

at CNN, hearing accounts of the people who've been stuck in attics/flooded over/died. many of which wont make news.  #Sandy

Newark Mayor tells biggest problem in his city now is power outage. #sandy

S/O To everyone in NJ And NY That survived that hurricane

is everything all right with Sandy? Is it getting any better?

I smell a sandy-related election fiasco brewing. #justgreat

I hate you #sandy and all you ruined for me was my sleep #humid #ugh

What if 2012's end of the world is true? #Sandy

There's No Contingency Plan If Disaster Strikes On Election Day: What if Hurricane Sandy had waited a week to strike the East Coast?

Breaking News: Zimbabwe braces for Hurricane Maneta.

No power or water in my building still. Today we'll be keep trying to save frozen material in lab Disaster at #NYULMC #sandy #science

How will the Presidential campaign proceed now after Hurricane Sandy? - LISTEN LIVE!

yeah, they've been down for a couple of hours now. I blame Sandy.

hurricane sandy was made to stop minorities (blacks, latinos,asians) from voting

Please support World Renew's response to #Sandy in Haiti  -  - as well as in North America -

Is God To Blame? Clergy Reflect On Hurricane Sandy: When a partially-collapsed construction crane began teeterin

+ves I'd like 2see frm #Sandy: Candidates end campaigns on environmt  energy policies  nail in coffin 4Repubs decentralising disaster mgt

The Prophecy That Is Being Fulfilled With Sandy Is Unbelievable

I hope those affected by Hurricane Sandy are at the very lease seeing progress.

Full earth shots RT Full disk animation showing birth  growth of Hurricane #Sandy from NOAA-NASA GOES

You really have no shame do you? Do you think the populace cares about your towers in a  hurricane, they are suffering!!

On in 10min with the story on how Atlantic City's casinos are going to get rolling again. #Sandy

this shows that women are dangerous. Katreena, Ireene, n now Sandy.

NA WA O Hurricane sandy's ripple effect may reach coastline of Lagos

EMPOWERMENT: Now that you've prepared for #Sandy, the next step is check your neighbors- make sure they're ready too. We're in it together

Entertaining a young toddler during a Hurricane  via

LOL damn, woman! Blame it on Sandy! I see you twice and you're cheatin' on me already!

Storm-battered US sifts through Sandy''s wreckage: NEW YORK: Americans sifted through the wreckage of superstorm

Oh boy this Hurricane Sandy business is stressful. I've already pooped in the kitchen and pissed in mom  dad's room. What next? #puke #fire

Nope I sure didnt buy my son costume yet I wasnt sure of what Sandy was gonna do .

And this is the effect of Global Warming, stronger storms. #Sandy

Very True--R The put hurricane #sandy photo on pg 1 and the story about 13 killed in #Samburu on pg 22

Our payers to all those facing the wrath of Hurricane and superstorm Sandy. God be with you. Stay safe. With love from Malaysia.

Hurricane Jobs: Hurricane cleanup, recovery and reconstruction job listings for workers who want to assist in hu

Can't believe he images on GMA. Headed back to work but thoughts and prayers with everyone who were effected by #sandy

Alburtis mayor's funeral delayed due to Superstorm Sandy

says 36 arriving  departing flights have been cancelled today. Travelers are urged to check in with airlines for updates. #sandy

I have no idea how Obama can pass himself off as compassionate during #Sandy when his VP told a grieving father this:

Homeless persons will not get a medal for getting through #sandy outdoors, the entire time.

Our thoughts  prayers continue to be with those recovering from #sandy  those giving their time to help others in need.

In today's edition of The Briefing: Hurricane Sandy turns deadly in the NE,  The New York Times faces a moral crisis.

Yesterday was the first time I've ever seen a hurricane close schools here.

Why do people still send non-essential business related e-mails in the aftermath of hurricane #Sandy?

sandy said u welcome bitch nigga

From Post-Sandy, FCC Warns Of Worsening Cell Phone Networks

Hurricane Sandy wrecks havoc in New Jersey. Gujarat on high alert.

The Tomb Of The Unknown Soldier. It's being guarded in the middle of hurricane sandy. #ReasonsILoveAmerica

Hurricane Sandy redounds to Obama as he get's to play President while Romney looks like the feckless pretender.

Group: Sandy punishment for attacking al-Assad: When it comes to natural disasters, the divide b  #libya #qaddafi

Obama, FEMA hustle federal disaster relief to Sandy's aftermath - Yahoo! News  via PREZ HUSTLING  U

#News #MostRecent Group: Sandy punishment for attacking al-Assad  via

Knew I should have worn a coat like Sandy down Silverdale

Poor kids get there Halloween taken from them in New jersey and wherever hurricane sandy hit hard  #YourInMyPrayers

pray for your family in Canada. I know Sandy gone to Toronto this night. I hope that they have nothing as well as you 3

Fuckin sandy. Causin 2012 and shit. F u

On the bright side, Shirley Manson has been  happy for like 6 straight days.  #sandy #silverlining

Good morning, totally forgot today was Halloween, was kinda odd that I didn't feel like celebrating this yr and than came Sandy :-/

Just turned on the - no costumes this year?! that's the best part of halloween!!! :( thanks a lot, #sandy

Hurricane Sandy leaves a path of devastation across the US  via

Richmond thanks 4 the shelter from the hurricane but I want out now 2get closer to the who

all the AID we give to other countries, any foreign countries giving SANDY victims? must b exceptional bcuz nobodys gonna bail us out #tcot

This Visualization Reveals How The USA Is Talking About Hurricane Sandy On Twitter [MAP]  #socialmedia Via

Hurricane costs twice as much as last hurricane because everything costs twice as much as it did a few yrs. ago.i.e.gas,wood

Three U.S. Nuclear Reactors Impacted by Sandy: The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission continues to maintain its

Why is this happening right before election? #Sandy if this doesn't convince u to vote for Obama, nothing will.

All this sandy news is making me upset!

must be nice me and Lennon are stuck in NYC #sandy

Miami?! during hurricane season?! lol u might wanna slide to Texas

what is the weather forecast for you? heard that brat #sandy is headed your way.

At least this hotel we are staying in is so nice. #ComfyBed #Sandy

RT much praise 4 our Fox 29 camera crews in the field during Sandy. Simply Amazing and Talented photo journalists. The Best.

Once You Go Black: Thankfully in this part of Virginia, Hurricane Sandy was something of a damp s  (via

Hurricane Sandy sorry but you will never blow as good as me :) You destruct and I pleasure!! :)

Hurricane Sandy Causes Major Impact on Internet Infrastructure in New York City and Beyond  via

Are you concerned about someone who was caught in Sandy's path? Do you have another urgent prayer request for

even though Nhc was reluctant - why don't we call it hurricane sandy

OMD! Just saw the newss sandy hits toronto soon :(  My canadian fam stay safe oo

If LIers can keep up their friendly behavior in the wake of #Sandy, we'll be all right, says  #longisland

Heads up MT keep an eye out on storm next week. NAO still negative and could mean another east coast storm, but not like Sandy.

If Whitehaven had a hurricane, shit would improve.

Alternate side parking and meters are suspended Wednesday, October 31 due to Hurricane Sandy.

En route to the New York Stock Exchange to photograph ringing opening bell to reopen the exchange after #Sandy.  #fb

why do cyclones and storms have girly names#sandy #katrina #neelam #welma

You are despicable! You think the President has time to deal with your BS as he's cleaning up #Sandy? Idiot !!!!

And when there is a massive flood, rats will follow #fb #Sandy

Gangnam Style ws a raindance lol, hence y Sandy hit em

Day 3 of #sandy  its aftermath. Up all night worrying if it was too cold for the Junior VPs. Need someone in my family to get power today.

McLean got hammered by Sandy. Heart goes out to friends and family in NJ and NY #AllLoveAllDay

hahah , we are getting the back end of the superstorm sandy ! It's been pouring with rain haha. X

I can't! We just went through a hurricane here so I can't :(

$ACHN Worthy of New Look --  This week's Sandy-delated column from

Obama on Hurricane: 'We Leave Nobody Behind'  EXCEPT..Constution navy SEALSUS Ambtea partyWhite working pe

Eli Manning's apartment building flooded during Hurricane Sandy, and he took pictures  /via

Bummed that local power outage ended my coding streak, but at least that's the worst #Sandy threw at me.  Glad everyone is ok!

Hey NYC turn on #MyFoxNY is about to update us on CT conditions from #Sandy aftermath. Watch  #GoodDayNY

Hafiz Saeed has offered the US govt to help it undertake relief work for the victims of hurricane Sandy. MASALLAH, Qeeyamat ke Nishani

Democrat desperation: it's a sign of the times that political pundits are using Sandy to big up Barack Obama

2 UFO's Spotted Over Pennsylvania During Hurricane Sandy!  LiveLeak #News

victim of Sandy on Nantucket   It was high and dry!

What you need to know about #Sandy scams

The Nation News - Superstorm sandy has killed 'at least 33'

#Np sandy c - telephone aku, 727 6x..

Sandy scrubs Best Buy CEO's meeting with Wall Street analysts: Analysts hoping to get a look at how Best Buy Co.

RT Recognise this is like shouting into a hurricane but I quite like wind turbines. Don't see what all th

#Twitter has been stronger force than #sandy..helped me overcoming the storm!

working at add #FEMA declarations for all counties in state. #sandy

Heard my favorite track was affected by Sandy. Hope the town of Watkins Glen is okay

Pretty sure my next technology investment will be 2 tin cans  ball of string. #sandy

Un-precendented in the world so far, 5 crores of US peoples r destroyed by #Sandy #Disaster Why not muslim world help you??

free to volunteer with sandy cleanup today. whats the best way to signup? #sandyvolunteer #sandy

MSNBC is addictive right now, save me! Time for the country to come together #sandy no politics

its windy today! sandy is that you??

How did fare during #Sandy? Thoughts and Prayers to all!

#sandy cancel school early for me plzzz

Kenny Powers shredding some waves with the jet ski during Hurricane Sandy #TFM

Sandy Cuts Wide Swath of Damage A horrible disaster !

Well, now I'm not going to name my kid Sandy, everybody still said.

Please pray for the people in NYS, NJ, CT and other states affected by #Sandy.

Safe  sound thanks. Sounds like Sandy was fun!

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all who experienced loss during Hurricane Sandy on the East Coast

BB na BB,whether na BOLD or Afraid CURVE or Straight,TORCH or Candle, JAVELINE or Arrow,STORM or hurricane.Na all of dem dey ping..!!!

Told yall, TYER is never chillen ! NO exceptions not for Sandy, Hump day, Halloween, NEVER !

There's No Contingency Plan If Disaster Strikes On Election Day  Via #Sandy

Bad #Branding #epicfail - Criticized For Self-serving Tweet During Hurricane Sandy as people died.  #PR #marketing

Caught a duck it's all fucked up from the hurricane

Update: NY Chop't locations at WEST 56th St, 23rd St, Union Square and the Financial District remain closed due to Hurricane Sandy.

Hope everyone is well and safe after Sandy's visit.We will be open today Halloween at 10 am we are offering 20%

New York City Buses Free Bus Service!!! #sandy

Updated photo gallery: The storm and aftermath of Sandy:

Overheard at the #obama campaign: Thank you #sandy for taking the focus off #benghazi. Now the mainstream #media won't be forced to cover it

You think you've got problems until you watch the news #Sandy #serioustweet

Man that hurricane didn't do shit

Only 6 days to election!  One of the most important of our time. With #Sandy piling on even more debt we need even more!

Good to see Romney is completely focused on the areas most devastated by #Sandy with his visits to Ohio yester

#Sandy will forever be the bitch that ruined my birthday.

We started in on it once Sandy hit. We though Halloween was going to be postponed.

WATCH: Helicopter 23, named after the 23 New York police officers killed on 9/11, performs rooftop rescues after #Sandy ht

Really sad to see the devastated loss caused by #sandy thoughts and prayer with the victims.

Sandy definitely washed some things away Assessing the stuff that's been washed ashore though.

Most Disturbing Facts About Hurricane Sandy, from depressing voter turnout to leaving prisoners locked in flooding c

Creepy #Sandy story. Toppled Tree Exposes Skeletal Remains   via

Continuing to post pics/vids of Lake Erie waves10/29 + 30. Gusts at 64 mph during Sandy, Put-in-Bay OH

Cuomo (NY governor): Sandy is an opportunity to rebuild smarter

Ocean County fire, power outages continue to hamper N.J. in second day post-Sandy: President Obama is ex  #neward

With sandy, disney and starwars trending, i wonder, what if spongebob buys starwars instead of disney?

When #Sandy coverage is over, what will the #LeftistMedia talk about? Oh yea! To #Obama's chigrin, the #election2012 #TCOT

Good thing my love and I made it to seaside heights before sandy took it away. Smh

BREAKING: Superstorm #Sandy death toll climbs to 55

Silicon Alley During Hurricane Sandy: Techies Adapt To Weather, Work From  - Huffington Post

talking about the effects of #Sandy on is so raw , emotional and real.

BookNet EDI (Pubnet Canada and Pubeasy) are coming back online now. #sandy #bowker

New York's Silicon Alley makes do after Sandy - The Australian Financial Review  #NewYork

My bro's car is Safe ! Sandy aint gonna do shit on my niggaz !

We continue to send our thoughts and prayers to those who are suffering from Sandy.

I pray that all the girls born in the midst of #Sandy weren't named Nevaeh.

Ok Bill Clinton , what caused the hurricane of 38? Global warming ?

Effects of Hurricane Sandy in New York - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

haha first why are you in class? is sandy bad? and I wish it was necessary for me to wear those boots..

Post #Sandy, 1 in 4 mobile network sites have been knocked out in 10 states:  A review of how it affects your service.

Highlands Bridge, NJ Wednesday morning #Sandy -

sandy Slap Wey Halloween Good Bring the Kids to Church.. Candy deh deh too..Mek di yutes dance fi Jesus

If Al-Quaeda were clever enough, they would've attacked America during the hurricane and now #youdbefucked #dumbterroists

Yay for #Sandy I now have another week to study for my exam that I didn't study at all for #yayme

#Superstorm warnings in #NewYork for 'more than a dozen years' #Sandy

Gm Fb! My Heart Goes Out To The People Of NY  NJ That Were Completly Devistated By Sandy. I Pray For Yall Strength  Recovery!

thanks for giving mee power to wake up to. #Sandy

Thank you for instantly crediting my checking account for the waived atm fees #nyc #sandy

Sandy is not going to rob the Examinator's staff of its weekly brain food fix esp during pumpkin season htt

New York Events NYC Marathon Still On After Sandy; Challenges Ahead For Organizers, Runners: NEW YORK (CBSNewYor

apparently cuz of the hurricane.. It didn't air :/ let me knw if you find it

Hurricane Sandy is what we call my auntie when she gets drunk at weddings.

To donate to #Sandy victims-- visit  call 1-800-RED CROSS or text 'REDCROSS' to 90999 to make a $10 donation

Hilarious, American pastor blaming hurricane on gay festivals, bonkers!

I don't think so. :( My governor canceled Halloween because of Sandy, but he is going to reschedule it.

Sandy or not that boy making his numbers.#realniggascomefirst

What is it with the BBC?  This obsession with the US. Did Sandy stop at the Canadian border?  No news on a Commonwealth cou

I was totally looking forward to a breakfast sandwich, thanks a lot #Sandy

Lots of work colleagues from rich areas also lost power during #Sandy. My c-o-n-spiracy theory is ruined.

HURRICANE SANDY HAS HIT THE UK XOX

Lmbooo Happy Halloween!!!!With so much going on with dat bish Sandy Yall who can enjoy yall day #m

the ps3 servers are based in new york so sandy knocked em out

Orefield Woman Among 2 Dead in Lehigh County after Sandy Superstorm

Carpool from Brooklyn this morning! #Sandy had way more to say than I expected. It's all Irene's fault. The good news? No Halloween parade!

say it ain't so. I've been dealing with all this weather. #Sandy probably lucky to be alive

Here's The Most Dramatic Video Of The Con Ed Substation Explosion (So Far)  #Sandy

Dear guy riding a crotch rocket down 376 in the Hurricane Sandy rain:WHAT ARE YOU DOING. STOP.

Hi.shay!!Happy Halloween!!!!I heard about the hurricane from the news. Is everyone okay in America?

The Caribbean must brace for the economic impact of Hurricane Sandy as it will be as bad as the Sept 11 terrorist attacks in the US.

In a cab with possibly the nicest man to cross NYC. Old lady doesn't understand anything going on lolzz. Oh sandy.

Blood and volunteers is what my mom who works at red cross needs. She said the higher ups get a nice raise after every hurricane.

Hurricane #Sandy: New York's first disaster in the social media age.

the pump was in the basement which was flooded by sandy

Michael Brown: Obama spoke too soon on Sandy

Stocks open higher after 2-day Sandy shutdown -

Man, Baltimore got lucky in the hurricane. Coulda been so much worse here.

Shame on southwest for trying to make a quick buck in the wake of Sandy

First job of the day out in Fredrick these people had a tree fall through their roof. #sandy #moneymaker

It's raining non-stop here cause of #Sandy

to be generous, and you get $46B.  So, yes, the market is saying that at current margin rates, HD must sell another $46B in goods from Sandy

it too bad how Halloween  changed here to Saturday cuz hurricane sandy in nj right now

that hurricane day messed everything up! I was going to go to the review session Monday.then we didn't even have school

Cat fight on CNN btwn Christie and Atlantic City mayor. It seems like Christie will steamroll anyone who gets in his spotlight #SANDY

Exactly. Either way they are being political. They had np using Sandy to attack Romney although 30 people died.

While skipped out on campaigning in a state he needs to help w/ #Sandy Romney takes advantage to say whatever. #slander #Flop

New post: Insurers fall in first trades after Sandy

Friends and supporters! Help us spread the word and rebuild Acqua after it was destructed by #Sandy!

Video: AP  - Raw: After Sandy, New Yorkers Head Back to Work: Two days after superstorm Sandy brought New York t

After Sandy's wallop, Northeast reboots: The Northeast Corridor slowly struggled back to life on Wedne  #honolulu

SANDY DAMAGE COULD TOP $20B AS FOCUS TURNS TO RECOVERY: East Coast looks toward recovery after  #Fox #News #AN247

Video: Spooky #MittRomney would destroy FEMA/disaster relief programs #Sandy   #tcot

40K fellow Metro Detroiters remain without power  #Sandy

Headin to #LBI to clean up Sandy's damage #hurricane

noooooo  Sandy took away the power and now I can't watch thebest show ever?!?  What has this world come to?!?  Lol

Gross but true: NYC Rats: Stronger Than Sandy

I just used #Shazam to tag Love by Sandy Rivera  Yasmeen.

Sandy shuts down Northeast air travel - The Missoulian

Hurricane Sandy didn't destroy my house  #firstworldproblems

Hurricane Sandy; Upclose and Personal in Staten Island  #misc

Second day that company network is down thanks to #sandy a pain however happy that most people are safe. Networks can be rebuilt

I think a circa story might be too small. E.g: Hurricane/Superstorm Sandy is one big story, Circa breaks it into smaller pieces

Power is restored to majority of homes affected by Sandy, said Chris Bentley, Ontario Minister of Energy today:

watching news and it shows me seaside heights ruined by hurricane including shore store #notcool

#sandy was 1st time in history NYC DEP, NYPA and the Canal Corp. took flood control actions in the Mohawk Valley.

Hurricane Sandy Viewed from Space: Hurricane Sandy has been downgraded to a post-cyclone storm, a  #RHTSeattle

A warm dry home with power and Internet for and . #sandy

I think national disasters like #Sandy help people realize how useless  selfish most rich people are.

National Interest - 8M still in dark as Sandy eyes Canada: Parts of the US still feel megastorm Sandy's effects,

Halloween is rescheduled for where I live because of all the disaster that happened from the hurricane!

Do we still have time to sleep in? (On the 3rd Sandy-caused no school day.)

Awaiting the conspiracy theorists! MT Scary Jew Shadow Watches Scary Hurricane  via

Hurricane Sandy has knocked out 25 percent of all cell towers, cable services in 10 states -TekDefender

We are back in the office today! And our designer Tori isn't letting a little hurricane get in the way of her cele

With Sandy going on, my hope for sympathy being a new father has completely dwindled. Good luck with everything.

Watch:  Superstorm Sandy: Fire Destroys More Than 100 Homes in Breezy Point

Remember when estimates were given that #Sandy could be a potential billion dollar storm.. LOL

it feels like this hurricane never even happened

Happy Halloween everyone!  For those affected by Hurricane Sandy, we hope you fared okay!

What kinda little fuckers go and TP people's yards the day after a hurricane.

My one hope and dream this week was to go to NYC but this bitch Sandy

It's only after coming home that I've started to catch up with the news on Sandy and how it affected other areas. Really saddens me now

Can't drink the tap watercold showersbrushing teeth with bottled waterOH HEY UGANDA. #sandy

50 deaths in sandy shid we had more well at least it's over they just gotta stay strong life goes on if u still living u blessed

NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. Northeast began crawling back to normal on Wednesday after monster storm Sandy crippled transportation,

God Bless all that was impacted by Hurricane Sandy. Please note that the Southern Ocean County Chamber has opened

Sandy Stirs Climate Change Debate -   via

I feel so sorry for the #newyorkers i mean is a beautiful place and the sandy hurricane destroys it :-(!To all the new yorkersorry

Sandy: City-by-City Impact Forecasts - bweather/b.com

Wow seaside heights after sandy!!

S/O to #Sandy for blowing this sign off the pole and letting me do #HoodratThingsWithMyCoWorkers at work!!

Some #Resources for Those in the Path of Hurricane #Sandy by  Lost pets  Disaster Assistance Appl

Happy you're open. It's Picasso Black and White, but RED is today's color!. Text REDCROSS to 90999 to make $10 donation. #sandy

The airing of the third installment of All-Access Kentucky has been delayed until Thursday due to Hurricane Sandy.

The world is getting soft. How you cancel Halloween because of rain?? If I was a kid ain't no way Sandy go stop my candy!

I know darlingthanks! Be safe! Enjoy GOD's Daily Blessings.Sandy was just passing thru!

ESPN moves third episode of All-Access Kentucky to Thursday at 8:30 pm due to Hurricane Sandy.

Officials fear Sandy's blow to tourism goals - Honolulu Star-Advertiser

Is Everything Good With You  Your Fam After The Hurricane?

Oh, how convenient that Obama's little buddy state wants to prolong voting, due to Sandy. Nice move, Dems. #tcot #NObama

So apparently the Hurricane's reached Canada? Praying for Y'all!

Why are people being allowed to drive in Manhattan by themselves? Hello, carpool #wakeup #sandy

Sandy knocks out 25 percent of cell towers

the hurricane left our office in shambles

BizInsider Here's What To Do If Your Car Was Flooded Out By Sandy

Because of #SANDY #diningoutMagazine is offering a #Free ad opportunity for the first 3 restaurants that respond to this tweet!

- absolutely adorable!  Hope you and your family made it thru #Sandy safely!

For remodelers after Sandy, Who Wants Business Like This? - daily 5 Remodel

Whats the quickest way to donate food or water to those without power? We bought 5 gallons of water and did not lose power. #sandy

hope your fairing well with #Sandy, here's a pic of my baby for his Halloween party at preschool, enjoy!

What if hurricane Sandy canceled Halloween? #WhatIf

- Please communicate FOOD BANKS and RELIGIOUS ORGANIZATIONS as well - so we can send FOOD the #RedCross doesn't want #Sandy

In Sandy's aftermath, Romney to strike a positive tone - CNN (blog)  #wethepeople

Anyone else that has cable having some channels blocked?  Can't get CNN or msnbc here.  Is Sandy to blame or Rupert?  #sandy

Still a little blown that Private Practice didn't come on last night because of a special about #Sandy

This hurricane is turning out to be a real headache

Romantic dinner for two? Thanks Sandy. #IronChef

Number of Hurricane Sandy outages drops to less than 90,000 in Massachusetts

I can't believe the destruction that happened on Long Island because of sandy it is seriously scary

Hurricane Sandy is no surprise to me Newark in particular got Iite work

Please continue to send positive thoughts to east coast victims of Sandy.  If you can..send support to #redcross.

Rather than houses burning to the ground, transformers exploding, why wouldn't NYC turn power off before hurricane Sandy hit?

To aid in relief  recovery efforts following Hurricane Sandy, 50 Chevy Silverados and Express vans equipped with

hey u did u stay safe through the hurricane??? The rollercoaster on the pier is in the ocean :  ( I hope u and your sissy r ok

Can I ask an inappropriate and inconsiderate question? When all is said and done, will Sandy help Obama? VA impact? OH? Others?

I think both candidates thought Sandy would be worse than it was here in MA!

Best way to get around right now in Pleasant Point, NJ. is to walk. #sandy #nbcn Pleasant Beach Club

On Sunday (ahead of the hurricane), we set a new record for retrieving boats--We pulled 9 boats (including taking

How Much Will Sandy Cost? Ask the Insurers  via

How Could Hurricane Sandy Affect the Election?

It's rather fascinating seeing post #Sandy pics today of entire cities covered in beach sand. Like pics 18  19 here:

This is going to maybe sound stupid, but it didn't occur to me that Sandy washed away what's left of Arcades here

But y'all just had a hurricane. Surely they understand that making it to work is REALLY difficult today.

Vote Romney-these guys need a huge tax cut. Wall Street Finds #Sandy's Silver Lining in $1K bottles of wine  #inequality

To all of our Alumni living on the East Coast, please let us know how you're doing in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy.

Sandy is sub siding after creating havoc. JUD offer rejected by US. So was Prince Waleed's offer after 9/11. JUD excellen

my respect for gov. christie has gone up after putting politics aside for sandy.. but it should always be like that for both parties

N.J. Turnpike starts collecting tolls again: CHICAGO (MarketWatch) -- After a two-day break caused by Hurricane

Montpelier Farms was blessed to survive Sandy with almost no damage! We look forward to celebrating the last

Why did Obama go home 4 #Sandy  not #Benghazi? Is it because in each case he did what he thought was best for the el

Got dressed for the first time in three days. Love my yoga pants but time for a change. It feelsdifferent. #NYC #Sandy

The American Red Cross needs your help! Due to Hurricane Sandy, approximately 300 blood drives have been cancelled..

No, the host is unable to staff sufficiently after hurricane. I'm sending out the cancellation announcement at lunch today.

but wooden poles shudnt blow down in a hurricane if they are installed properly

heartbreaking photos of the devastation in Breezy Point, Queens after #Sandy

#Hoboken Recovering from Hurricane Sandy, finding gas in Hudson is a struggle: With power s

Video of explosion at 14th St ConEd plant (~17 secs in)  Hope we get power back soon! #Sandy

MTA releases video of damage to several of their stations  track lines across the NYC Metro -  #Sandy

my heart goes out to all who have suffered thru sandy, but i'm about to throw my computer out the window cuz my wifi isn't working #UGH

Getting back on track, Post-Sandy. Well, trying.

cold af outside; praying for the north wid hurricane sandy

ima smoke sandy out so can all gett high af

Hurricane Sandy do a number on your pumps? Get hurricane-speed shipping on custom built BG Pumps!

I wanna use my washer  dryer but I'm scared sandy ain't done yet

Don't let however Obama treats this hurricane sway your vote! Too little, too late.

ain't scared of hurricane sandy cos it's a white name. If it's a nigga name like hurricane shaniqua or somethg then i'll be scared.

New York Postpones Tax Deadlines for Sandy

GOOD MORNING AND PRAISE THE LORD! --- G'Mornin it's a blessed day! Things are getting back to normal #Sandy

to Men that go into the fire for us Hurricane Sandy  via

Keep in mind, gang, #Obama's argument for nullifying the election will be invalid, Hurricane Sandy won't affect the electoral college votes!

Psaki: 'Confident' voters will vote: Obama campaign's Jen Psaki on the President's role during Sandy and the last push for votes befo

Check this list for the latest outage information in your area:  #Sandy

We will be calling on GOAL ZERO Nation to help #Sandy relief efforts. Keep your eyes open for more details. #GZNation

The Hartford ( ) is not categorizing Sandy as a hurricane since it was downgraded as a tropical

-- dumb ass went all the way the school and classes was still canceled from Sandy

Reading about the consequences of Hurricane Sandy and a dolphin was washed up in New Jersey #newpet

Happy Halloween ervrybahdayyyyy still keeping those affected by the hurricane in my prayers, my best wishes to you and your families 3

The Turner News: STARWARS EPISODE 7!! SANDY SHOWS WHO'S BOSS AND EVIL MOTHER

All of this hurricane business made me forget that #NaNoWriMo starts at midnight. This is my year to make it to the end!

Eastern Cuba Strengthens Recovery after Sandy: 31 de octubre de 2012,   09:52Havana, Oct 31 (Prensa Latina) The

DAMN HURRICANE SANDY FUCKED NEW JERSEY UP SMH

I should of let it ride on that sub-pump company revenue share #superstorm #sandy

Sandy without fur?!?! Scariest thing I've seen this Halloween!

Back from the dark side Darkside meaning below 26th street #sandy #nyc #blackout2012

Realized that I hadn't checked the mail since before #sandy. Jury duty.

Here are some tangible ways to help #sandy disaster relief in NYC, right now:

As if the damage of the hurricane wasn't devastating enough, people are now out looting #disgusted

keep up the amazeing work linda God bless you and may he bless all those who have lost because of storm sandy

9800 goes out to all the people affected by hurricane sandy.

Hurricane Sandy: caused by global warming? Or, did Felix Baumgartner goof up the atmosphere?

Still can't believe the destruction Sandy has done to my home state. Thankful my family and friends are all safe! #jerseystrong

6000th tweet s/o to those enduring hurricane sandy

You're both elected. Money saved not having election goes to #Sandy. Now get to work! #Republicrats

Check it out! I am helping Hurricane Sandy: Manasquan, NJ Recovery Fund

Hurricane Sandy: Entertainment Companies Reopen New York Offices  #HollywoodSouth

wish Sandy will visit Manila to wipe out shanties cuz the less the squatters are, the lower the crimes!

NYC Preppers? Real hurricane vs imaginry appoc! :-)

Gordon and Kyan bringing down the city after #hurricane #sandy #bushwick #brooklyn #hurricrushed

2/2 They said the same during Fukushima Tsunami last year. If destruction is good, Iraq or Syria should be doing well ! #Economics #Sandy

Had to re-post this picture from our local news station KOMO-TV.  Hurricane Sandy Heroes.

Crowded on our way to the campaign office! Good thing New York is a walkable city! #sandy

New Haven recovering from #Sandy,  with schools set to reopen, power being restored, cleanup under way.  #NHV #CTSandy

Hopefully now, the times in which the fossil fuel lobby could hold to ransom the #US and the entire #Planer are over.#Sandy

meet AnneMarie You should connect. (AnneMarie may be offline due to #Sandy) Give her a day or two to reply.

Welp back to this work lifethankful that #Sandy didnt mess up anything or cause my power to go out tho! #Blessed on that end!!

The has pages  pages of coverage of the storm, but not under the heading of 'Hurricane Sandy,' rather under 'Frankenstorm.'

[VIDEO] Spoof on Bloomberg's Hurricane #Sandy updates. Much love to the animated Lydia Callis.  via

Watching CNN and just realizing the devastation of hurricane Sandy.

This hurricane really fucked everything up im so annoyed

Tower Oaks Lodge's Irish Lamb Stewperfect post #sandy dish

Hurricane #Sandy can't even stop this grind!

Holt House is in need of flashlights, batteries (A, AA, 9 volt) and a generator. Please donate! #Sandy

If you plan on complaining about something today stop and think about those victims of Hurricane Sandy. Don't complain. Reach out and help.

ohh nice how was la? And did any you guys get any of that hurricane out your way??

HURRICANE SANDY FLOODS HOBOKEN, NJ 10/30/12:  via

Racism: Bush is president = Katrina destroys New Orleans; Obama is president = Sandy destroys New York!

For those with technology skills in NYC please consider volunteering to assist with hurricane #sandy relief efforts:

Happy Halloween! Imma a princess :) hope Sandy doesn't come tonight! Excited for trick or treating!!!

What if Gangnam Style was just a big rain dance and we brought Sandy Upon Ourselves..

Sandy knocks out quarter of cell towers: NEW YORK, USA (AP) - Superstorm Sandy knocked out a quarter of the cell

Do you speak Russian and can volunteer for Sandy relief at Queens College? Contact Diane in rm.306 at Fitzgerald Gym, tell her I sent you.

After taking a post-Sandy uptown bus in NYC, I completely understand the impulse to loot and riot.

#SANDY Maybe with NYC Transit in disarray, NJ and parts of NYC underwater, unprecedented economic cost, and the (cont)

The best AP Photos from Hurricane Sandy    via

C.Neelam made its landfall along NE coast of TN today. C.Sandy made its landfall along NE coast of US yesterday. strange coincidence?

Seems like the #iOS 6 emergency alerts feature is a little flaky. Some of my friends got them during #sandy, others did not.

Join me! MT We're working 2 deploy volunteers 2 clean up after #Sandy. Text iCARE to 85944 to donate $10:

Blood  cash always help! Good tips on helping post #Sandy from  ht

Halloween postponed because of #Sandy. Anyone else worried about impact on something more important: the #ELECTION??? How will people #vote?

LGA has heavy flooding thanks to Sandy And its closed without any idea wen it will reopen that stinks

waiting to hear keynote John Landau -- huge turnout despite #sandy. Hope to see more movie stars--they came to see

remember to blame the hurricane on a minority group

Election or no Election, America's focus needs to be about Sandy's aftermath, affected people  then Voting by All who can!

Gotta feeling this Halloween going to be corny on campus cause of sandy lol

Hmmthousands of hipsters in NYC with DSLRs, no power, and little to do. Brace yourselves for the post-Sandy indie film boom.

Great job by our Events Team monitoring travel during Hurricane Sandy.  Our customers and speakers are in very capable hands.

Thank you sandy for these much needed 3 days off

SawGov this morning on Poppasquash assessing Sandy damage in Bristol. Forgot to tell him I am Will K's cousin!Ladyw/greyhound

UPDATE 2-Clorox profit up despite volume slip, 2013 view intact: * Hurricane Sandy cleanup could boost Clorox bl

I know but still they act like a hurricane has never happened anywhere before lol. I agree it's sad cuz they weren't prepared

Great article in regards to how #Sandy changed Twitter's tone. I know it made me a little less snarky:  I

Hurricane Sandy has postponed OPUS opg reception for Anna Sorenson til next week NOV 8 see you all then!

Hoping that everyone stayed safe during #Sandy

Hillary blaming bushes environmental policies for causing #Katrina  using liberal logic #obama caused #sandy

My thoughts are with everyone affected by #sandy. I hear employees are already out there volunteering. I work w/ truly great people.

Its offical Fisker is the worst car ever.  16 Fisker Karmas Caught Fire And Exploded During The Hurricane

We and our group have donated to The Salvation Army for Sandy, Andrea Mitchell says you dont need Romney Supporters $

S/0 to all my fans and followers #family..sorry my response time has been minimal upon non exist ant but been effected by storm #sandy cont.

In the wake of Sandy, many CEOs had to improvise in difficult situations.  Crises always lead to im

Seaside Destroyed: Will Snooki Donate to Help Victims of Hurricane

Saturday Night Live First Look: Host Louis C.K. Tackles Hurricane Sandy in New Promo: Hurricane  #TV #news

I talked to my sister. She  Sam are safe. Totally traumatized, but safe. #NYFD are her heroes.#rockaway #angels #miracles #NYC #Sandy

#Hempstead repeats call for residents to exercise caution on roads and skip trick or treating. #LongIsland #Sandy

#nowplaying be your own PET - Let's Get Sandy (Big Problem)

First wind and now rain mashallah talking about Hurricane sandy

[abc-mon] Stocks Up as Markets Open After Sandy: U.S. stocks opened up on Wednesday morning after being closed f

.last year it snowed this year it was sandy.what next?

HILARIOUS-Bush's former FEMA head criticizes Obama's response to Sandy  via

You can help those hit by Hurricane Sandy through WELS' Christian Aid and Relief.

Food trucks back on the road after #sandy , return to normalcy in sight:  #nysandy

I wish I was surprised that Rmoney bought $5,000 in hurricane relief supplies from Walmart for rally-goers to pretend

cant even find gas. these dirtballs are trying to charge 8$ for a slice of pizza #Sandy #njpl

Me  Ms. Baskerville out here! #sandy #nowork #shadeson #ENTREPRENEURLABEL

I wish you and yr family stay safe from Hurricane Sandy. With love, :-*

no trick or treating cuz of Sandy in Pa but that shouldn't stop you from coming back up here just sayin! :)

Our heart goes out to all those affected by hurricane Sandy. Hope the families are doing okay who have lost loved ones.

Normal? Going to be a while Without subways, #NYC traffic is out of control after #Sandy -

St. VIncent sends out its prayers for all those affected by Hurricane Sandy.

Calgarians brace for travel trouble caused by tropical storm Sandy: Travellers are being urged to check their fl

In hurricane, Twitter proves a lifeline despite pranksters - Chicago Tribune  via

Like Sandy hasn't done enough damage already, now rats are joining 'the cause' --

GoogleNews: Economic TimesDespite Sandy, October unemployment report to be released FridayLos Angeles  #IfbadNews

How insurers can foil the next Hurricane #Sandy:

In Sandy's Aftermath, Wood Flooring Work is Put on Hold: Luckily, their customers completely understand their wo

Sandy, I thought we were home girls. Then you show up in my town, steal my trees, steal my man, steal my power. Hell nah. Gurrrl.

hoyto Islam ke insult korar karone Allah'r GOJOB porse America'y#Sandy

Storms #sandy in US #nilam in India #economic 1 in EU   If u r looking 4 silver lining- Africa has ht

=== Cyclone Sandy ===/You desereved it Bloody America . . . :/...May allah help the muslims living there . . . Ameen

My dad is in New Jersey and he survived hurricane Sandy but I still don't know if my car did

New post: 5 Nuke Plants in Trouble From Hurricane Sandy

Fargo Washes Away Late #Fees for Hurricane #Sandy Victims  via

Our datacenter is currently running on generator power due to power issues experienced from the hurricane. We are

3 cheers for in Rye - brought in power strips to help us Sandy refugees charge up and get online.   #causemarketing

I uploaded a video  Fifa 13 | Searching for In-Forms Pack Opening Ep 8: Hurricane Sandy + #FixYoutube

Dear If one of us guesses Sandy cover correctly, we get a signed copy/subscription for life/stuffed Eustace Tilley doll, right?

Hugh L. Carey/Brooklyn Battery Tunnel Damage from Hurricane Sandy

East Coast Nuclear Plants Status After Sandy, Hitachi Reaffirms New Nuclear Build #nuclear #energy #Sandy #Hitachi  h

My prayers go out to everyone out there affected by Hurricane Sandy. Hope you and your loved ones are ok.

Due to Hurricane #Sandy, the special event on Food Security  Nutrition in NY has been postponed. More info to follow. #Futurewewant

#sandy sucks. I miss electricity. Today will be the third day without :(

Superstorm Sandy didn't stop one man for going on his morning run. Or would it be gallop?

It's weird reading tweets (mine included) not about Sandy right now. Makes me realize how many first world problems we n

THE PERFECT STORM? political thriller Under the Eye of God debuted on same day as Sandy, so stay safe then read dangerous!

raining again today (6 days now!) and we are still under the effects of Sandy as the storm travels across land.

haha thanks duder. We shoulda went down ocean city and shredded some sandy gnar

tell you followers please text REDCROSS TO 90999 donates $10 to help hurricane relief

Interesting read on how a website was formed to aggregate Instagram posts with #hurricane into a large photo

If anyone is fleeing Sandy to beautiful Memphis, I have an extra room open at a fair New York price. $900 a night.

Sandy fucking with my serving of Mona tea. I got my mothafucking snacks ready!

Listen to my new episode Hype Is Here Radio looking at Hurricane Sandy with at  #HYPE

Did you suffer property damage from Hurricane Sandy?

NJ will is moving halloween til Monday due to #Sandy!!! Nice move for the kiddos!!! #prayersupforeastcoast

The Navy is sending ships to aid those impacted by Sandy. What is this, 1910? #sandy #obamadoom

TK21031 Kurkjian and Wilbon - Sandy was God's way of moving large amounts of water from part of the planet to another.

White House Released Photo Of Situation Room During Hurricane Sandy:

My Teacher Said They Should Have Called Sandy : Hurricane Hell Naw Lol

What a bunch of crap! keeping sheeple in check Moss: Sandy debunks 'nanny state'

amy will will raise money for the Sandy Victim's this year with The Battle Of The Giants see

Good tips for civilian under Hurricane Sandy threat.

Beach front properties are cool.  Just make sure it's an area that has a ZERO chance of a hurricane or earthquake.  #TheyGoneFirst

PHOTO ESSAY: Exploring NYC In The Post-Sandy Pitch Black  by

But why my power thought it could go out after the hurricane was gone ? -_-

DiNapoli Says Sandy's Impact Will Be In The Billions

Many are in pain right now.Take 5 and pray for the victims of Hurrican Sandy.

A tsunami in Hawaii, an earthquake in Alaska, a hurricane and fires on the east coast, and now a cyclone in India #

Seaside really? Prom week? Really?? FUCK YOU SANDY

A Post from My Colleague Jim Duggan: Recurring Lessons Learned from Major Disasters #HurricaneSandy #Sandy  - Gartne

#Sandy has killed more people in the Caribbean than USA. We dont get told that because American lives are worth more than poor people.

Rush is on to rescue animals stranded by Sandy: Will dogs, cats and other animals fare as badly i  #atlanta #news

repubs say be responsible for yourself.  Wonder how many caught in #sandy are turning away aid.

Democratic leaders say FEMA has enough cash for Sandy recovery - The Hill - covering Congress, Politics, Political Campaigns and Capito

All Hands--Hurricane Sandy Cleanup -

Hope everyone made out okay after Sandy. We only lost power thank goodness. Others weren't so lucky. The destruction is unbelievably sad.

Go see today at 2pm and mention SANDY at the box office for 50% (!!!) off your ticket - now thats some #starstuff

Roundup of Sandy's impact on Sloatsburg. So far, so good.

To be honest, this hurricane ruined my Halloween. I don't even feel like dressing up.

Social-media users flock to Facebook, Twitter for Hurricane #Sandy news |

NYPD Cop Artur Kasprzak drowned Monday night after rescuing seven members of his family from the flood waters of SANDY

NO FUCKING WAY HALLOWEEN JUST GOT CANCELED TILL NOV. 5TH AND I JUST DID MY MAKEUP AND COSTUME!!! FUCK YOU SANDY. FUCK YOU.

I knew one of these trees would come down! Damn sandy, not old oakey!! I always parked between both of them.

I had to check to make sure I heard this correctly = Mayor Bloomberg using the word 'DIS' #Sandy #NYC  #Dis

Breaking: How Wall Street's Bankers Survived Sandy - For millions of common people in New York and New Jersey, Sandy

Finally home and watching the news and all the damage Sandy did. DAMN. Amazing and devastating. Prayers to all affected #SandyAftermath

Is Your Vote Safe? The Hazards of Computerized Voting: Hurricane Sandy has introduced significant uncertainty in

Why would anyone vote for Obama anyway? I mean, you don't really NEED the gov's help during a hurricane.. #ffsAmericavoteObama

yo ochocinco, did you get hit by sandy ?!?

Am above 42nd, hence the reception. is completely dead in th East Village #FML #nyc #Sandy

Superstorm Sandy: East Coast Residents Head Back to Everyday Life - ABC News: ABC News Superstorm Sandy: East Coast

100 % of all proceeds of our #1 song ANYWAY to SANDY SUPERSTORM relief fund. help us by your continued support. Thanks.

If you did mischief night I am judging you so hard since there was just a Hurricane who did a mess already.

TingooKIDS:  New York Stock Exchange reopens in wake of superstorm Sandy - CBS News: CBS News Ne

SAVANNAH RESPONDS TO SANDY AFTERMATH: SAVANNAH RESPONDS TO SANDY AFTERMATHFrom:WSAV3Views:00ratingsTi

#sandy this made me cry dawg :'( Ima miss you

Ok, so Tallahassee didn't have Sandy over for tea, but let us be mindful of what we might file away in case

LIRR and Metro-North service to return this afternoon; limited subway service tomorrow (not beloew 34th St.) #Sandy

Cool things about Sandy: 80 billion in damage means Americans will get lots of jobs fixing the mess. Economy wins. National debt loses.

One Wall Street banker now knows how it felt to be a Hurricane Katrina victim. And this isn't even an Onion article ht

BREAKING: Limited LIRR  Metro-North RR service will begin at 2PM today. More info:  #sandy via #Li #NYC

Vivid, tragic fotos: Superstorm Sandy Hits East Coast  via cc

Hurricane Sandy wanted to make sure this was really the last season of Jersey Shore.

I hope Sandy wasn't too hard on you, did you break into the Utz?

Don't let Sandy stop your Halloween Fun! #Kids #Halloween party at 808 Columbus Ave. #prizes #candy #costumecontest! 4pm!

sandy couldn't affect their business lol

Two months of hard work and dedication killed thanks to Sandy..

Pot-heads talking about trees don't kill clearly haven't been keeping up with the death toll left by #sandy. See a tree, #crossthestreet

has a post up thats full of pictures that took on our journey yesterday. #sandy

Just a few minutes ago, Karl, from our Emergency Response team, loaded up the van with a Sandy relief delivery

Damn Sandy made me forget how to go to class lol

Now feeling the physical effects post hurricane Sandy, exhausted, did something to my back so now doing couchwork. Glad every one is OK :-)

NASA warned NYC about hurricanes six years ago:

is fostering 1yo Lab found in Reading, PA during #Sandy  They need help finding dog's owners #PCA//t.co/Fx6QhoAn

Walking into work. Pretty sure I'm going to beat the Brooklyn Bridge traffic. #Sandy

This bloke flew out of the area just before Sandy struck and now the dangers past he's on his way back#DESERTER

Edmonton Eskimos (Official Site)  Eskimos keep tabs on family members caught up in superstorm Sandy

Trees still down, roads flooded, limited power, limited cell phone service But, #jerseycity is slowly coming back! #Sandy

Dont boo me lol, get at that bitch sandy. U know i was ready to get drunk on Ocean

hurricane Sandy is out here making everyone's life miserable but it's all good in KY

U.S. Labor Report Due Friday on Schedule: Hurricane Sandy had shuttered government offices on Mond  #NewsOnTweet_

we all know a different definition of hurricane Sandy #fulltilt

Senator Chuck Schumer is VALIDATING #climatechange as REAL - Gov Cuomo demurred in a cowardly way. #Sandy

Fabuloso + mezcal + gloria trevi = post Sandy.

On image at Port Newark after Sandy suggests damage is extensive

Horrible rain and traffic congestion in bangaluru.Looks like sandy has sent her younger sister Nilam from USA.

Glad FEMA is helping NYC with #Sandy     recovery

My prayers go out to the millions of people who struggled and are still struggling because of Superstorm #Sandy.

Hurricane sandy took one extra victim and that is my fish Lemoncake. He was a true fighter.

#Sandy Aftermath weather channel live stream #Sandy view from space livestream

Sandy Alomar Jr announced as Bench Coach for the Indians. Well maybe we'll get Roberto. Or maybe Gibby is available.

CHEFS, please RT. Let's help move some local fish. His customers r underwater because of #sandy     thanks!

Meteorologist Scott Stevens 'Sandy Is Manufactured' |  - The Truth is Hidden in Plain View

Drink Up To Help Provide Hurricane Sandy Relief (You Read That Right)!: Watching all of the tragic news coverage

But why they use girl's names for these hurricanes?? #Katrina now #Sandy

Local Salvation Army volunteers head to hurricane ravaged NJ; Donations needed: Local Salvation Army volunteers

I'm more prepared for this cold than I was for Sandy! Yes, Reece's Pieces are a cold remedy.

Ill be passing out candy tonight in my Link costume playing guitar in this hurricane weather, come stop by (:

Cant wait to see my aunt Elsie today havent been to see her siince Sandy

As a Senator, Obama Voted against Aid 4 Hurricane Katrina Victims   wonder y? bill included aid for our troops in Iraq

We hope that all East Coasters are safe and sound in the hurricane aftermath. See you all soon!

Sandy hammers Northeast, hospitals hurting in aftermath  - our thoughts r w/everyone impacted by

Staten island helping clean up sandy #hurricane#sandy#ny#cleanup

GOP Rep. Steve King, many people just lost everything  you are worried they will use hurricane funds for Gucci bags???

We are sending good vibes and thoughts out to everyone effected by Hurricane Sandy. Be safe and strong.

But how can you tell the difference? RT: A look at coastal #NewJersey - before  after #Sandy

Hurricane Sandy Helps Push Gasoline Prices Lower

Our thoughts and condolences go out to everyone affected by Hurricane Sandy. Stay safe, everyone.

#Obama en route to NJ; Navy sends carriers to help with Sandy recovery

Our thoughts are with all who have been affected by Hurricane #Sandy, we wish everyone safety and a quick recovery.

Great mashup from Sandy pictures, maps, tweets oh my !

Scrabble Night was cancelled for October because of the library closing early do to the hurricane.  Looking

Stealing electricity from neighborhood pizza place. Driving thru intersections w/o lights. Looking up 4 falling branches. Life after #Sandy

Blood supplies low following Superstorm Sandy.

sandy was nothing but good to me, left me power, and kept me from going to school! love that bitch :)

I liked a video  Hurricane Sandy rap

Most of the CT shoreline has postponed TOT to Nov 7th. Make sure to check your towns website. #sandy

I'm tired of watching the news, fuck sandy fuck youuu

Federal government is closed again tomorrow! I'm forecasting a shitstorm and personal blackout due to hurricane force

Hurricane Sandy and mobile health: I am very lucky. I live in Manhattan and suffered no damages or flooding from

YAY! glad you have a place to go #Detroit #Sandy

Western Mass volunteers headed to Sandy-ravaged states - WSHM  via

Giants Regrouping in Wake of Hurricane Sandy: October 31st, 2012 12:21 pm The Giants are, like e  #giants #allnyg

2 hour wait for gas in flemington, with lines wrapped arounf buildings and ppl on foot with gas containers. This is insane! #Sandy

I love how everyone was checking up on me when Sandy came ,

Kill My Nightmares By Chris Kelly: The scariest part of Halloween is seeming to be hurricane Sandy. We must pray

Awesome job by the today, publishing a paper without a newsroom. #Sandy #NJ

I love how the whole time Sandy was here we still had the window open and fans on.

All gays shouldn't be blamed for #SANDY. Most control the weather for sunny days. It's the evil gays who give us Libera

Go to youtube look at mta hurricane sandy damage

Damn my nigga done took a L wit that hurricane!

The cacophony of constant car horns this morning has been replaced by a sound unfamiliar in these parts: a chainsaw. #brooklyn #sandy

It feels so good to be on twitter!! Sandy fucked everything up!

Lol why am I still hearing that hurricane sandy is coming to lagos? :s :/

Who names ds Hurricanes?? I bet d next hurricane to happen(hoping it does not) will be called hurricane Mary or Maria or Annah.

Sandy certainly messed up a lot of lives. It seems unbelievable that wind and water can mess up that much

cooliing right now bout 2 head to my boy crib and be posted for a while dis hurricane fucked shit up lol

So much for bringing my grades up before the marking period ends. Fucking hurricane.

It's most of all a serious warning for the USA and the world that play time is over!! #Sandy #Climatechange

NINA E IAN: GLI EFFETTI DELL'URAGANO SANDY -

Signs of normalcy return, but Sandy woes persist  #FollowBack

Even in this area, to which #Sandy was far kinder than NYC, our first responders were busy. We're blessed to have them.

Sad: My office is pretty much a ghost town. Happy: The 10 of us here (+1 dog) decided to have a pizza party. #Sandy

It's time to recover from Sandy.  Click here for TONS of helpful information!  (And spread the word.  This is

If you live in #NewYork and #Sandy caused property damage contact  for Help with Restoration #NYC #Brooklyn #Queens

Thanks to hurricane Sandy I haven't had school since last Thursday. But I'd rather have school and power than no school and no power :( lol

For post- #Sandy updates on the #Millburn and #ShortHills areas, like my #Facebook page:  Stay safe and #HappyHalloween!

East Coast friends, let us know how you're doing post #Sandy!

Pfff yeah cause who needs coffee when you just take an ICE COLD shower to wake up instead? #Sandy #Rugged #NoPower

11 Hrs Left of 31 Days of Oct. Fundraiser  Smarting From Rec Fair  Sandy Losses-Snag Some Swag  Help a Station Out!

As the power starts to return  the water recedes please remember people effected by #Sandy still need help -

Victory for Mitt using Frankenstorm Sandy as a political tool instead of helping those impacted by it. Pfft.

Sorry all the people of new york and half of america who were hit by sandy! Hope all go well guys xoxo

Hurricane Sandy update: Watkins Glen, Pocono and Dover feel effects with Damage

Cast of 'Jersey Shore' comments on Hurricane Sandy's impact: Some cast members from the 'Jersey Shore'  #education

Sandy passed  rebuilding  healing starts. Prayers to everyone affected. Let's show the world our strength once

Not goin to New York this weekendFUCK U SANDY!

This is awesome. Tree falls during Sandy, revealing roots and human remains!

#WVa State Legislative candidate killed in #Sandy blizzard ~ crawl on  (?)

Chat Transcript: Ivory, Blount More Realistic Trade Targets for Packers: Due to Hurricane Sandy, the Live Stream

. Damage to the NYC Transit system in the aftermath of Hurricane #Sandy.

The #lotus that takes root in the muddy depths  reminds us to persevere through life's murkiness  difficulties.#sandy

Uber Kills Surge Pricing In NYC For Customers, Drivers Paid 2X Rate To Meet Post-Sandy Demand (Colleen

i read a story similar to it about waffle houses in louisiana and mississippi after a hurricane blows through.

Not that I am being insensitive to the damage the hurricane is doing, just trying to contextualise the size of the ecosystem $aapl has built

Sandy had no regard LOL not funny but danm

Our thoughts are with all of the people hit by Hurricane Sandy. We will be donating 10% of all sales this week to

Oh surethat's what matters in LIFE! /: The Jersey Shore house survived Hurricane #Sandy:

Mid-Day update on Hurricane Sandy: Assistant manager all alone at one CU, other CUs still out of touch -  #SandyCU

thanks Chicago, you've been good to us avoiding Sandy in NYC  Harbor Tower)

Sandy fucked us hard and I don't think she is gonna call us back #hitandquit #slutba

Many thanks to Foundling staff who worked through Sandy to provide safety and care for our clients - they are our mission at work

If you (or someone you know) live in South Jersey and have been DIRECTLY IMPACTED BY HURRICAINE SANDY and need

No trick or treating, no new because of the hurricane. #worseHalloweenEver

Sandy could still postpone presidential election as millions remain without power

How You Can Help The Relief Effort For Hurricane Sandy

#Sandy they are the cancer that gives the Jersey Shore a bad name, they come here casue havoc, piss on our boards and go home

The only time you will see people walk and hang out downtown in Cranford is if there is a hurricane.. #sosad

R U A DICKHEAD? '30 Rock' Airing Tonight After Hurricane Sandy Caused NBC Schedule Changes;  #asexual #agender #8

Is food writing frivolous when the storms are raging?  via #hurricanesandy #foodwriting #sandy

FYI there are now dance moves to #Boom thx to blackout from Sandy. Some involve shadow puppets :) #DJGotUsFallingInLoveWithBoom

going out trick or treating in this horrible aftermath of hurricane sandy

I'm the east coast hurricane and I'm scared ad don't know what to do and my last wish is for a follow I love you xx

National Guard mobilizing at City Hall in #Hoboken, NJ. #sandy Oct 31

Reuters:  Romney limits attacks on Obama as U.S. recovers from Sandy  #Gop2012 #Tcot #Tlot #TeaParty #election2012

Lets continue to lift our voices in prayer for all the people affected by Hurricane Sandy.

: It doesn't look good for Me but I'm still trying. #Sandy

Settlements being delayed over Sandy whether by lender/investors waiting on FEMA to post county disaster

Due to the ongoing effects of Hurricane #Sandy, our Alumni Reception for tomorrow has been cancelled.

Check this out: Sorting the Real Sandy Photos From the Fakes - The Atlantic

Monday saw huge increases to  with 300 million page views   #Sandy

Obama surveys Sandy disaster in NJ: President Barack Obama was in New Jersey surveying its battered coas  #follow

#news #cnet As Sandy surged, Internet use spiked: While the waters were rising and the wind was blasting bui  #fb

Sandy go back.Let's all pray

this is without a doubt, the Katrina of New Jersey. Fuck you Sandy. #Pray4NJ

Chief of utility company fighting EPA regs says we don't have to worry about climate change after Sandy

Where Disaster-Affected Jewelers Can Turn for Help: Hurricane Sandy delivered a strong blow to th  #jewelrysupply

Due to #Sandy there has been 500% increase in Mary Poppins costumes

Next emergency kit I put together will include D batteries, pre-popped popcorn, PBJ, and a cuddle partner. Water, too. #Sandy

Happy birthday to my amazing and beautiful mother. Sending hugs and kisses!! Hopefully sandy didn't ruin too much of your b

See Aftermath of Sandy on Margate, Longport | NBC 10 Philadelphia  via

I'm so bummed I'm missing the chew today. Cable still out in PA from #Sandy :*(

Nether Providence postpones Trick-or-Treating until Saturday in aftermath of Hurricane Sandy.

Praying for those in the close proximity to hurricane Sally. Prayers up all the way from Johannesburg South Africa.

Unfortunately, can't watch SPN tonight because of power outage due to #Sandy, but still plan to carve a jack-o'-lantern! :)

Red Cross is there to help those affected by Sandy. They need our contributions. check out  concerning

sandy all ready knock down trees over here in Philly

Our soldiers doesn't hide our politicians doIn the Face of Hurricane Sandy, Solid at Tomb of the Unkn:  via

All sales today will go to help those affected by Hurricane Sandy

Had the thought girls would wear less slutter costumes this year since hurricane sandy  Guess i thought wrong #cantstopdemhoes

Sandy - ConEd Explosion in NYC During Hurricane Sandy

Sandy Causes Widespread Travel Disruption

Samaritan's Purse sending help to the hurricane zone. An encouraging podcast! (listen)

Seawalls in Galveston didn't work. Seawalls in New Orleans were mostly ineffective. Seawall the ocean? LOL A telephone pole in a Hurricane?

This shit depressing.. i wish i would've had the money to help the ppl affected by that hoe Sandy

An awesome find! Check out first-hand accounts of Hurricane Sandy in pictures via Instagram with this site below:

Need power. I'm going insane without it. Plus Halloween won't happen. Screw you sandy

Don't know if #Sandy  done uturn but I'm currently working out in the yard (uk)and am soaked through properly #pissed

Any good list of battle-tested #Sandy tools? Tag  /cc

NJ sister  niece still w/o power but coping charging phones by car. nephew back on the grid - impressive how every1 rallying round #Sandy

via  Watch: Television News Starts Covering The Link Between Climate Change And Superstorm Sandy  #p2

Several planes parked at #IAH that might otherwise be swimming at #LGA. #Sandy

Work's response to hurricane shenanigans is to feed us. #notcomplaining

shout out to all those affected by sandy, you're all in my prayers.

A hydro worker has died while repairing damage from # Sandy. Sarnia police say it happened this morn on residential s

New #Bones today in two halloween parts. Tomorrow little 120km/h sandy in Slovakia.

Some people lost a lot more than just electricity.. #nyc #sandy #HurricaneSandy

Sandy dampned allot of us spirit but tonight let's release some stress and have some fun don Mystique

Due to expected High Voter turnouts and Hurricane Sandy: Republicans will be voting on Tues and Democrats on Wed.

Your attitude Towards aid 2victims of Sandy is shamefull  un-American.You do not represent good people of Iowa. #sandy #IOWA

Yes, the storm surge at NYC WAS predicted! #sandy #nyc #nywx

#Sandy is ruining everything. Now I'm using Edge on an iPhone 5. This truly is a disaster.

I missed it!!!! :( fuck you sandy

In hurricane, Twitter proves a lifeline despite pranksters  via Strong story from

So I hear the Home Depot stock is on the rise because of #Sandy. Why can't I think of that?????

Will be working on a directory for stu co for the rest of the day so sandy will stop complaining #sooverit

Sandy obviously likes Florida because we got a day off and beautiful weather.

#ocnj #sandy going through police check point now Praying

Hurricane Sandy top trumps this week

wow!!! Hadn't considered inoperable ATM machines. Keeping u in my thoughts/prayers. #Sandy

Top Stories: Limited train service resuming in NYC after superstorm Sandy - CBS News: CTV NewsLimited train serv

bike over the very populated WilliamsburgBridge in Faux Fur  lasHes#sandy

WATCH LIVE: Corbett and Nutter #Sandy update:

Dramatic Night-time View of Sandy's Landfall:

Park Ave Tavern (99 Park) is collecting donations of food, clothes, supplies for Rockaway/BC/Breezy. Please r/t #Sandy

New York City Officials Appoint Salvation Army to Coordinate Feeding at City Shelters on East Coast.  #sandy

Although we would both rather be in NYC with or without Sandy

Great to hear my good friend Sally is ok after #Sandy and that is coming to visit her in New Jersey!

Western Kansas ERV Heads to Sandy Aftermath: Two American Red Cross volunteers from Hays and Salina are heading

Twitter does seem to wash this stuff out. Glad the community responded. #sandy

Seeing Ground Zero destroyed is just heartbreaking in itself. Prayers to their families and all effected by Sandy.

just submitted, thanks for the heads up. so it looks like you made it through sandy, glad to see it :)

if you can't volunteer to help in the cleanup--Hurricane Sandy: How to help victims of the superstorm  via

50 deaths from Hurricane Sandy so far. My heart goes out to the east coast.

George Bush's Heck-of-a-Job Brownie says Obama Responded to #Sandy TOO QUICKLY:   #Obama2012 #YVote #P2 via

PHOTOS: Best of the worst. Here are some pictures I snapped while reporting on #Sandy over the past 48hrs.

Romney wants to end FEMA! Now we have Sandy. He wants to end gov. aide.dis aint livin shay ft delteno:  via

Hope everyone is safe from Hurricane   Sandy and prayers for all those who suffered  damages from the storm..

No Maria Schneider, but jazz stars Jensen and Penn will play Dakota hurricane benefit tonight.

warm thoughts, tight hugs and love to you and all affected by #Sandy. 3

To the people going around and looting the homes affected by the hurricane: you're all scum and I wish nothing but

Freeport Public Schools will be closed  all after school activities cancelled on Thursday 11/1  Friday 11/2. #Sandy

Hurricane Sandy: FEMA Disaster Relief Available For Bars, Restaurants: Attention storm-battered restaurant and b

Never been as plugged into as I have been during #sandy. What an amazing platform, now my 1st go-to for news.

#Obama and #RINO #Christie are everything that's wrong with this country. Not global warming, but homosex and #abortion to blame for #Sandy.

As information rolls in on subway re-openings  #Sandy cleanup, keep informed w/these 5 sites  St

Some damage done by Hurricane Sandy on my block, that tree is on my next door neighbors house

Update on power status of Kew Management buildings:  #sandy

Hurricane Sandy isn't ruining her day

Hee! I cannot stay out of them. The poor trick or treaters! Have been following your tweets. Glad you  fam are ok, post-Sandy!

Stay safe  dry, NYers. To help others in need, go to:  The site is down. #sandy

Your Photos: Hunterdon County residents capture Hurricane Sandy aftermath

How many people stuck in New Jersey New York didn't evacuate b/c they believed #Rush #DennisMiller who said #Sandy wasn't going to be bad?

The Riverhead Raceway Indian was struck down by Sandy, but will rise again.

Definitely. MT  Let's give a shout out to #nyc superintendents, #bldgstaff  mgmt working tirelessly since #sandy

Please share and //t.co/dlpyf6hY it's a website dedicated to help from Sandy. Thanks bro.

Sandy uprooted a century year old treewith a skull, spine, and rib cage attached under the tree caught in the

Just saw on Stony Point in Rockland County on So many homes lost. What a nice community, now devastated. #Sandy

Passafire, jaimacain showers, and green flowers. #sandy

Flood safety tip: Don't walk or wade through flood water. It can contain harmful chemicals, toxins,  even raw sewage #Sandy

NASA video shows life of Hurricane Sandy: NASA has released a time-lapsed video of Hurricane S  #technology #news

If your vehicle was damaged during the Hurricane, call us ASAP. We may even be able to save you your deductible.

Yay for cheap gas! Ok Sandy, I forgive you.

T+48 #Sandy: Inspect your small biz for damage, and then contact your insurance company. Start the process sooner rather than later

Insurers, property owners tally Sandy's damage - USA TODAY: New York TimesInsurers, property owners tally Sandy'

Worth the Read. Hurricane Sandy: New York City divided in Super-storm's devastating wake  via

Damn, Bellevue Hospital lost power after the hurricane. Everyone had to be evacuated, shit is crazy

Hey Buddy! All is okay, just bored in the house no cable. The struggle is real.. #Sandy

Looking for post-Sandy updates on NY? Fllw these accts: added:

'Jersey Shore' Store -- CRUSHED By Hurricane Sandy  - sp

UPDATED SCHEDULE for Gov today (times approx.): 2:15 in #breezy pt, 3:30 in Long Beach, 4:15 in Lindenhurst #Sandy

Gov regarding FEMA  Hurricane #Sandy stating that state  county are the better solution will build up credentials

#DMOC Halloween costume/Hurricane Sandy relief tonight 11 30 $2 at the usual address dm 4 details

BREAKING: Thursday's Knicks-Nets season opener at Barclays Center postponed due to the aftermath of Hurricane #Sandy

Call me weird but I want some piece of Hurricane Sandy here. I really love those cloudy and windy day.

Hope everyone is safe in the aftermath of Sandy.Let's get back to music on Friday with both Gym, Deer and Land of

I'm alive. I survived hurricane Sandy but I have no power and I'm going insane. (im currently at my friends house using their computer)

C'mon sandy you're such a whore moving Halloween to Monday. Eff this I wanted my candy today

Seems like my phone weathered that ivory hurricane it endured.

Helpful Article for NYC Businesses: After Sandy, How Small Businesses Can Pick Up the Pieces via

National Disaster Recovery Fund for #Sandy Archives- via website:

Nice hot water shower to keep me warm at home in the absence of heat. 50 F 10 C outside. #Sandy

Hurricanes News- After Hurricane Sandy's Fury, a Daunting Recovery for Region - Fox News -

For DC, the hurricane was a lot like my coming out: a lot of worrying over nothing.

Oliver Stone: Hurricane Sandy 'Punishment' For Obama, Romney Neglecting Climate Change Discussion

Henry Schein Keeps Hotline Open for Clients Affected by Sandy

yea ppl r safe:) as you told sandy is too worst than nilam!nd  thankx my greatness :)

EW reports the JERSEY SHORE house was unharmed in #Sandy. Of course. You can't kill pure evil.

Why the hell is this hurricane named sandy?

It's currently 59 degrees inside my house, btw. #sandy

NYC apt building. underwater at 8p on Monday night. Hurricane Sandy Oct. 29 2012

This is a gloomier post-Sandy day than yesterday.  The clouds are thick and gray - the bad news from NYC  NJ is even thicker  more gray.

Gotta find a new place to ball since bball city got damaged during the hurricane

Politica Mundial Sandy changes tone at top of tickets -- at least for now: Will the devastation  #politicamundial

Everyone i know is having trouble connecting to black ops servers. Are serves down because of Sandy, if so will this effect BO2???

I for sure have cabin fever. #sandyhater #Sandy #sonjaandthecity #NYC

While you're making things official, why not go ahead  take care of marriage-equality since you have your pen out. #Sandy

went to wal-Mart today and they lost all there freezer stuff, deli and refridgerator stuff due to the hurricane,

Wish I could make like ET (foto from lobby staff pumpkin carving contest) fly bike home.Stuck by #Sandy

Sandy Destroys US: 'Gen Dempsey': US and Israel hold largest joint military exercise ever | playing war games!

Pray with us for those affected by Sandy!

Special Hurricane Hurricane Sandy: 12 dramatic weather images and animations - Washington Post (blog): Hur  Sandy

Next year. Im dressing up as Sandy Claws #Halloween

WATCH LIVE: Mayor Bloomberg Updates New Yorkers on City's Response to Hurricane Sandy

Slowly recovering from Hurricane Barnes sigh

Mayor Bloomberg giving update on getting city up and running after sandy.

hurricane Sandy messed up me and #oomf plans

Tune in now -- the Mayor is updating New Yorkers on the City's response to #Sandy:

@highlight

Hurricane Sandy lashes Bahamas with wind and rain.

@highlight

Hurricane Sandy is churning up the waves! Expect peak wind gusts in excess of 50 mph on shore.

@highlight

Airlines cancel 7000 flights, 50m Americans to be affected, and public transportation systems are stoped.

@highlight

Hurricane Sandy is some 485 miles south-southeast of New York City packing winds of 75 mph.

@highlight

At least five million people are without power across the eastern US as a result of storm.

@highlight

Latest U.S.: 18 people deaths and 7.4 million without power.