Whether you voted for #Obama or not, you have to admit the man is a really powerful public speaker.

YAY OBAMA!! Time to go to sleep now. Looking forward to catching up on the Senate/House/Referendum elections tomorrow once the dust clears.

But we shud beg yankee to give us Romney till 2015 and take Jona

We still may have to deal with Obama, but I'm still reppin Red White and Blue till the day I die #MERICA

GEJ must be boiling with rage and jealousy thinking about Nigerians elation towards Obama's re-election. Why can't he get this?!

Folks are for Obama only cause hes black, others are not for him only cause hes black. For the record hes about as bl

And Obama and Clinton only Democrats elected twice since FDR.

FoxNews had clips of both speeches. Where praises Romney  his family. Where Romney prays Obama will succeed in guiding America

Obama won!! Great day today. He's not perfect but much better than Romney.

#Tories in no position here to do #ParentChild mode  Will work with #obama on 'shared foreign policy goals' only I think not somehow #labour

Obama's speech was so inspirational and my God, he is amazing! I love love love him and I love this country! God Bless America!

Obama had to win and luckily did

Obama killed his speech! I COULDN'T HAVE VOTED FOR NOBODY BETTER!

#Sexy #Hot #Celebrity Beyonce's First Instagram Features 'Texans For Obama' T-Shirt  #TeamAutoFollow

There's gonna be an Obama victory party at RUNWAY this Friday book your tickets now.

Why can't Obama just be the president of the whole world or something because he's so cool

they still counting in Florida but Obama in the lead so far!

So I hear obama won the election, I'll wait and get 100 broadcasts about that to confirm its true!!!

literally everyone on my TL is tweeting about Obama haha

Today mark a remarkable victory in d life of all Africans nd whites living in U.S. Well done my brother. Obama for another 4yrs. Hurray

Our prime minister is a complete stain compared to obama

It has nothing to do with me (contrary to the hype in the GB media), but I would have voted Romney as he had better policies on the economy

Fuck obama and his non military supporting ass

Thankin God for all tht he has dne It took him for Obama to win the election.He was the one to make it all happen I thank n praise him

Obama handily defeated Romney and won himself a second term Tuesday.

morning, just got off the fone with ma boi Obama uthi he's gonna help me find #Palesa since he's won the electi

President Obama today is like our living Martin Luther King Jr.! #MadeHistory

Shut up already  Governor Romney and Congressman Ryan. You fought the Good Fight and I am proud!

India's IT industry could be paying the price for Obama re-election

I'm so happy Obama won, like I just wanna cry for him. I aint even American and I aint even mad. #obamaissocool.

What's the most important thing for President Obama to accomplish in his second term? #HashOut

Good morning world! Well I don't know much about politics, but if Madonna, Cher  Katy perry wanted Obama to win, I guess it's a good thing

Relieved. 4 more years. Obama has work to do. #yay #presidentialelections

tbh I don't know what Obama or Romney were gonna do for America, and I didn't really care, but I can tell that Romney isn't a lad like Obama

Lol I'm peeing on mitt ROMNEY as we speak

Bustin a move like the legendary #MJ with ma #roomie but now sleep ohh b4 I forget #OBAMA!!  lol im not even american

The best is yet to come!Congratulation to re-elected President Barrack Obama!Good to see something to continue on stable change!

The finish line! Obama looking relieved

Was they really chanting Obama for your mama on tv lol

Michelle finna fck the hell outta obama tonight !! Lol

Now that Obama won, CAN yall take ya silly asses to sleep

ohhh #obama, im so glad you've been re elected, now show them god damn republicans what your made of over the next four years!!

Another 4 years of the last 4 years right? I guess it is better than Romney. I was really for this guy

Romney  co. R becoming diving instructors off the fiscal cliff #Depressed

Latinos made up 10% of the voters and 71% voted for President Obama!

Obama Please RT Im not using the term nigga for the week. Its being substituted with Obama.

We got 4 years to win it all so the team can make it to the White House  meet President Obama who is a big time bball fan #kubball

Although I voted in a state that Romney won, I am still very proud of OUR President. It meant a lot that I gave MY support.

I want to be just as supportive as Michelle is to Obama to my future husband and get the appreciation he gives her.

I cnt really stomach all this Obama talk anno

Obama is so down to earth and is just so chill

Welcome to Lola's Place: President Obama Wins another term: Watch His Victo

Congratulations to Mr Obama on his re-election Mitt is now looking for a job:  #justsaying #Ele

Hey Karl Rove.. Why is Dick Cheney in my yard with a gun?? Do you think he is mad at me?? Hit me back #Obama #msnbc #TCOT #forward

It's weird, the Fox News website actually called NV and VA for Obama hours before the nbc one. Shit was weird

It is #RealTimeChem day. For me, real time chem is going to involve sleeping in due to staying up 3 hrs AFTER I knew #obama won re-election

Yay I don't get into politics, but Obama won! I'm sorry, any politician who says 'girls rape so easy' TWICE does not deserve to get in

I just hate the fact that when Romney supporters do this, it's a riot, but if Obama supporters did this, it's a matter of being their ---

On my show this morning I will be joined by another!! Tune in at 8 on to find out who. Also will be talking about Obama.

Very impressive electoral map for president Obama #cnnelection2012 #nbcpolitics #msnbc2012

You'd swear Obama won the elections in South Africa -___- #groupies

NYT on Benghazi: It's Bush's Fault: Apparently Obama's hideous bungling of this operation -- which left four

Now Obama's won, can the internet go back to hating Justin Bieber?

Additionally, even if you don't agree with Obama's policies (cont)

Someone should tell Clint Eastwood Obama won, but you'll have to wait til visiting hours though!

If Obama must leave a lasting legacy this time, he must get his hands to work on time beyond powerful speaking rhetorics! #Obama2012 #Obama

Wow. Amazing. Congratulations, Barack Obama. AMERICA, REJOICE!!! :)

Indian stock markets rose on Barack Obama's re-election. The Sensex was 92 points up at 18909, while the Nifty gained 26 points at 5750

Obama rhymes with Ohana, Ohana means family.Mitt rhymes with shit.

OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OMABA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA YES BARACK!! #Obama2012

It's all said and done!!Barack Obama gets another term!! #PresidentForLife

I take it Obama won then. Good news but sadly I don't live in America. #Election2012

Seems like everybody are happy for the 2nd term of Obama. Congrats sir!

.Obama go re-elected  OKC won tonight #clutchhh

It's ok #Romney, #Drake gets lonely too.

If Romney's knew the heart of the 47% he spoke down on, and that most people who are successful today are a

I wonder if Obama got help building that stage. #youdidntbuildthat

Going to bed happy. Goodnight, all. Congrats to Obama/Biden on 4 more years! God bless you all, and God bless America!

I reckon Obama went on a massive piss up with all of his mates after he won.

Obama's re-election and a path to a tax code revamp - WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Now that President Barack Obama has cli

How much you wanna bet Obama walking around the White House naked and sitting in every room once he get back to D.C.??

I will admit I know little to none about politics, just happy Obama got elected. But, moving onwards (: they say snow in Stockholm tomorrow!

Good morning to all, a great day for America Obama reelected, congratulations xxx

Obama just killed it. That speech was awesome

Whoooop Obama won! Suck on that Romney.

Got my whip on the same day #Obama got re-elected. #Yessir

'with your help and God's grace we will carry this nation forward..'-Obama

This time around i believe we will c greater changer #Obama

So happy to wake up today 'cause of Obama and that most of you peeps over there knew the right way to go! :) :) :)

Holly Shit!!! In harris county with 99% of the votes in.. Obama is ahead by 2 votes!

If u really cared u wud make a way thats all im sayin obama 2012

Congrats to Mr. Obama on his winning reelection! New America here we come!

I voted for Obama because the song Young Jeezy would have done about Mitt Romney would have been seriously terrible

Wow wow Strong Speech by Pres Barak Obama thanking the Nation fr Voting him back as President.

Obama oldest Daughter look good af!

You  Tony Hil (Wire in the Blood, DVDs) helpd me endure the stress of last wks.of campaign My b-day present- an Obama win!

My mom started texting me, saying this is history wake up girl, lol! She could work on Obama's campaign

I can't believe all this black white bs, Romney is a Dick no matter what color anybody is #USBS

The Romney slander would've been amazing if he won.

America has obama, and Australia have a lady who can't even walk in heels without falling flat on her face.

President Obama's choice of the song We Take Care of Our Own is so poetic and apropos.

Nobody is saying don't be concerned,they're saying don't throw a party cuz obama wonforget to trymake

I VOTE OBAMA AND BORIS JOHNSTONE AS JOINT UK PRESIDENTS :))

Uhuru Kenyatta donated KSh 85 Million to fund for Mitt Romney's Campaign??? Enyewe Kenya ina wenyewe TF!!!

Yay!   BBC News - President Barack Obama defeats Romney to win re-election

Nate Silver is having as good a night as President Obama. #HeDeservesIt #Vendication

I can't wait to kill this test 2mrrow! I wanna be great like Obama !

Obama should have done Gangnam style to rub it in Romneys face.

Lol ian playing said Obama just won it's just a lucky night!!

Romney voters.he lost. Get the fuck over it. Obama is gonna be president again. Nothing you can do. Maybe next time. #MoveOn

You are of the same opportunist cloth as Romney. Go back to your tv show, schmuck. Better yet, run for office or shut up.

Plz whu av obama's twitter handle wona reason Lasu sch fees wit him..lol

Well done Obama. He's defo getting his Nat king a few days on the trot

In Harris County, two votes (out of more than 1.1 million) separate Obama and Romney.

Watch: Obama Says 'Love And Charity And Duty And Patriotism' Make America Great  #p2 #lgbt #topprog #tcot #DEM #GOP

Thank you for winning the election for Obama couldn't have done it so decisively without ya and great payback for Nader 2000

Lmao !!!  Hey Romney, on a scale of cracker to pretzel, how salty are you?

I bet obama has a onesie

#Obama is turning up the flame and those who voted for him or did not vote at all pulled America back into the boiling pot #2012Election

So, President Obama, since you were re-elected can you actually accomplish something besides running up debt? Thanks

Lady Romney will return to her busy life of prancing horses, beating the hired help with stacks of cash  calling b

Hope Obama enjoy his next 4 years as president #goodluck

called 49 of 50 states right.  Florida was the only miss.  Final PT Avg was Romney +1.2

word people swear that if Romney was elected the debt will disappear, a billion jobs will show up, and we'll be back to normal

#November6 : we was about to fight, the guys was about to fight, OBAMA Won, sum females was about to fight, half th

All them Romney supporters done got ghost!!! Where yall go at? Lol

Alright Obama now that you've won, it's time to show the world what you can really do. Don't make Americans regret this decision. #stepup

And once again I can sayMY PRESIDENT IS BLACK!!!#Obama..

of course not girl im #Obama all the way!

So many tweetfights bcos of Obama n Romney..

Obama and me go way back #FuckOffHaters

Hurray for President Obama! Loved his acceptance speech + note to daughters: one dog is enough

Dave Chapelle, please come back and do Obama skits. #Please

Healthy that Obama seems to have won popular vote. Disarms what would otherwise have been a weapon for GOP to delegitimise, add to gridlock.

Its ok guys, Obama won. We can all breathe now

omg sooooooo happy Obama won! I'm English but me + my friends are gonna be partying! Obama is so down to earth + cool!

Tech Tips: Watch Barack Obama Deliver His Acceptance Speech [VIDEO]

Wow Good luck Barack Obama I'm really glad you won!! America i't will be another four good years !!!!

In 4 more years America won't be so forgiving if Obama hasn't delivered. true

There comes a point when you can EXHALE. #FourMoreYears #Obama

Im So Happy Obama Won , Praise The Lord : )

Text of Barack Obama#x92;s speech after re-election -

If Obama doesn't win this US Election, i will cry. I don't even live in America. I just, aw, i think he's been a good pr

Close election my ass!!! #Obama Thank you #4moreyears happy tears here in #chicago!!!

It's safe to go to bed; Obama's going to win. Cats have an intuition for this kind of thing.

Obama: We made history. A republican president could have never murdered Americans overseas so easily. #ObamaSpeech

i see so much similarity between Nasheed  Obama- Obamacare being as challenging  criticized as Aasandha, at

:D  RYay Obama! I haven't been this excited since Rylan beat Kye.

We have 55 million Idiots in this country God pleases help us because OBAMA will not

I can't say I was especially moved by Obama's victory speech,  I don't think we'll see change, but one can always ho

I wish the best for Obama's 2nd term, I hope he's right about the change taking longer than four years, I hope he becomes great, we need it.

I'm gonna guess that obama lost the election?

Wait.. Romney and Ryan both lost their home sates to Obama? That says a lot..

Note To Self: Find a Man that loves me like #Obama loves #Michelle.Fuck add'l Note: Be more like #MichelleObama #ELECTION #TRUELOVE

I fell asleep  missed Obama's speech /3

Even as America roundly hands Obama a nice win, Texans elects Tea Party candidate Cruz to US Senate #sigh

Mark my words: The Obama presidency will be hailed as equally or more transformative as those of FDR, LBJ, Kennedy a

For a good laugh you really need to read Donald Trump's timeline! Poor lamb is really upset at Obama's victory

Just in case you've been fortune enough to not have heard the news, Obama won. Now can we have the rest of the news please?!

FDC- We congratulate Barack Obama for his historic victory in US presidential election which is the greatest news

HOWARD IS EVERYWHERE, OBAMA HAS 2 TERMS YAYYYYYYY LOL

is Obama or Romney wins it doesnt make a difference to us because were not American so I don't understand why every

The ultimate pay per view. Mitt Romney goes head to head with Big Bird The elections over this war has ju

ahem I obviously supported Obama!!!!!!

I like how everybody is cheering about weed  gay marriage, but dont seem to be worried about detainment camps that Obama's been setting up.

RT if you dont live in USA but you are happy that Obama won

The Big O in Obama refers to Top Flight  Orator he is and a Nation could get..

Waking up to the re-election of PRESIDENT (as it should be) Barack Obama is definitely one of the best ways I have ever started a day.

This time 4 years ago me and Roo broke up after a row over Obama's victory. So today I'm not mentioning the election at all

Missed Obama's speech because a muhfucka was trying to break up in my house!

I got off at 11  missed everything but I saw my BLACK president speak !!! #OBAMA

Yes fuck you romney fuck you very much

Dear America, regardless of who wins, one thinks we all agree it shouldn't be Mitt Romney.

DONT BE FOOLED BY ROMNEY ALL OF HIS ADDED MILITARY SPENDING IS GOING TO BUY THE ARMY KLOBBS  LITERALLY THE WORST GUN IN

Call it cynicism, but I've always felt that the best thing about Obama is probably his ability to give inspirational speeches.

Barack Obama wins second term as president

just try to calm yourself down and remember Obama won. We're the same majority.

Obama won. How's it gonna be for us? #election

Obama punctuates the end of the Romney campaign. #campaign2012 #obama #election

Love to see America win. My concern is that for Obama, winning seems to mean making America fail. That's a fundamental problem.

i did a wiggle dance listening to music and had honey on toast and played on teh twitter and Obama won the election :D

Brad #Manning has been in jail w/out trial for 898 days, but Obama has already called him guilty. ROCK THE VOTE, GUYS #elec

woo obama won aha why did romney even think he had a chance

Now I suddenly have Obama sheep on my timeline as if they lost telling me to go lose weight, andother insults.This is how they act when won?

Today's gonna be a great day at work. We just laid off 7 people and Obama got reelected. #wheresourbailout

Presidential election: Barack Obama wins re-election despite fierce challenge

HEYY CHECK ME OUT SINGING A SONG I DID FOR OBAMA :-)

Imagine doing the cat daddy danse for Obama victory !

Note to UK TV news - #obama won, no need to spend all morning showing flag wavers. #killingdeadair there is other stuff going on

Obama killed my night twitter.

I'm proud of my country and I'm proud to call Barack Obama my president.

he did it again. GO OBAMA!

President Obama Victory Speech: President Addresses Supporters After Winning Reelection:  #p2 #p2

Romney wasn't JUST campaigning against Obama-he was being hammered constantly by all of the MSM who would adversely spin

Aur Phas gaye Obama, dobara.

After viewing this historic re-election of President #Obama, it has drained me. #goodnight Twitter #election2012

Yes springsteen playing once Obama finishes his speech.  #Merica

you're having a laugh aren't you? If the world could vote in the US election Romney  would lose his deposit

Obama mentioned Native Americans in his speech, I'm quiet pleased. #2012

Obama: 'We have picked ourselves up,' fought back: President Barack Obama heralded his re-election with a call to

#thedrum Romney's strategy of buying cans to give to people for them to give back to him for him to give to Sandy victims did not work.Dizzy

Anyone else got the Barack Obama song from show stuck in their head this morning? ?? Just me then!! X

Well that's it folks the republic we once loved is dead. The real Obama will now show his ugly face.

My man's got another 4 years In office!  #president #obama

Yes We Can (part 2).  OBAMA

Your english, you live in england, but yet obama winning a american election is a such a thing to celebrate? Confused

Glad Obama got another 4 years #goobama

I thought I was goin to sleep this Obama shit got me WIRED .!

my mum has the biggest smile on her face ever since Obama won

how is anyone gonna beat Barrack Obama, he killed Osama Bin Laden

You're right and I'm not judging because I've had my share tonight. Love her and Love Obama

Mr. President speech was so inspiring  humble! Such a man of gr8 substance  character! #ILoveMyPres #Obama #Forward

Well of course Trump is pissed that Obama won. Poor baby wants to stay ridiculously rich while people continue to struggle.

Who the rest of the world is behind (stolen from ) #Election2012 #Obama

Waaay fuck you Romney you cunt

Love how British people care more about the American elections than the prime mister ones in this country #OBAMA #Obama2012 #ObamaFTW

Romney  Ryan did a wonderful job and I am proud to have supported them throughout.  Seems like something is just

wasnt particularly concerned with the election but congrats to obama

I'll have a Cafe latte in celebration of #Obama in #hongkong

Instead of public office Mitt Romney will go back to ruining lives in the private sector.

He's the man. The best author couldn't have written a cooler character! Obama is my homeboy! #obama

#ImSickOf seeing Obama and Romney all over my timeline.

President Barack Obama's Remarks at the 2012 Democratic National Convention - Full Speech

#FourMoreYears of Obama result!!!! Well done America for making the right choice!

Obama need to stay president forever lml

Wow obama winner second president

I need someone to talk to. Just not feeling to Obama-ish anymore :/

I count 27 of 50 states in which either Obama or Romney won by 15 or more percentage points.  Romney won Utah by 38!!!  There are 2 Americas

U may ave self ambition bt always ave a vision 4 ur country#President Obama#

Stayed up to watch the presidents speech ^.^ #Obama #secondterm #keepmedicaid #goodjob

My sister text me and said we won lol I was asleep team Obama(:

Glad I won't see Romney pubing on my tl no more!

is it just me or is everyone who was butthurt about romney losing all white and somehow involved in the military?? #somethingtoponderatnight

Just saw this and it made my day. #Obama #2012elections

TV just said that the only country in the world that wanted Romney to win was Israel. Lol, one of the main reasons I didn't want him to.

Obama re-elected after sweeping swing states -

Behind every #Obama is a #Michelle no victor does it alone love and support of a beloved is paramount. This win ahopeful message 2 the world

Obama's complete victory speech here:

obama tweets are flooding my TL

YES WE DID4 MORE YEARS 4 PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA!!!!

Americans voted to give President Obama a second chance to change Washington.

I'm pretty sure the real winners are the nerds. That's what Obama meant by revenge.

Obama gets re-elected #election2012 yet an xfactor boyband still tops my trends list #priorities

Obama was voted in not because Romney was at fault because those who voted, voted for the one most like them and the

True tho. Don't let photos deceive you; I pray for a relationship like the Obama family.

I'm glad Obama won. Now let's see him take climate change, net freedom, arms and human rights seriously!

Well done Obama lidd :D !!

No more drama.. you know whoz the man Obama!

If Obama gets assassinated..smh lol

'Bitch they wanna follow me!!' - Obama

If Obama happened to have Zambian blood, I would like for him to stand in 2016 for the zambia elections. We can still borrow him, yes?

if Romney was elected, yes. I don't want a racist world thnx

Who was our president before obama ?

I wanted Obama to win  after seeing NY Post splash yest, am so glad he did. It's going to be rocky 4yr but would have been worse under Mitt

Woke up to the best text, Obama won, and Zoe's putting her new video up tonight,happy:)))))

Tax the Rich, Will it really happen or will Boehner and Republican cohorts stonewall everything Obama tries to pass again

AYE! OBAMA WON! *south dally swags* *cooks* *beefs it up into death drop* ..DHATT! ^_^

'Best is yet to come,' Obama declares in victory speech (San Jose Mercury News): Share With Friends:   #USA #News

Chris Matthews is using Clinton as an excuse, but he's really mad that Barack Obama didn't thank HIM for saving his bu

Nate you should be getting laid right now, not tweeting.. congrats . Not a Big Win for Obama, but a Broad One

On Fox News, a Mistrust of Pro-Obama Numbers Lasts Late Into the Night

well I know him..but #Romney did u really have to preach?

Romney believes Jesus evangelized to the native Americans.. You really think he had enough common sense to run a country?

America seems safe for a little longer long live Obama !

Obama shouldve came out to lil boosie wipe me down lol

Obama is an awesome president I guess.

Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell congratulates President Barack Obama on his victory | Politics  via

That's strange. On my feed the nasty ones have been the conservatives thankfully Romney has been classy.

Obama over all, oh yeah. We're safe! #Usa2012

Came home to a sweet note from one of my lovely sponsors. This  Obama's win makes me restore my faith in people :)

What Mitt Romney forgot is that it was a marathon not a sprint and Kenyans never loose in the marothon! #AmericaDecides

Obama ears look funny tho

MDFDE/Americans Abroad Obama 2012: Thank you Mr. President, Sir, for your extraordinary leadership!

I was super nervous waking up this morning.THANK YOU JESUS!!! #obama  :D

#obama..glad he won.has nothing to do with racei believe in what i believe in and no one will change my mind.

Congrats Obama! And thank you America for not being idiots. Well, thanks to some of you #voteObama #election #iamcanadian

Wish romney's elected and see maybe those girls will start wearing 'ROMNEY GIRL'

Im almost scared to look at my tl. Y'all must be going ape shit over Obama right now.

There's no way we could have defeated Obama if NWO wanted him in. I can however keep opening ppls eyes by yelling a

we need someone like Obama. because this countries messed up. smh.

Off to school!!! so happy for you guys!!! And I seriously think without you Obama would have struggled much mor! #PassionDedication !

Nice waking up to the good news that Barack Obama has four more years. Congratulations to the USA. Romney was gracious in defeat.

Obama has a canny speech on him.Even I felt American and proud for a moment.

Yay Obama! I dreamt last night that he won too! Maybe I'm psychic? It's like I have ESPN or something #Obama

CNN is showing Obama's winning speech but all i want to see is Mitt Romney cry.

I'll deactivate my account for three daysuntil tweets about Obama/Romney stopped!!

Donald Trump launches Twitter tirade over Barack Obama's victory

The way my mum reacted this morning to Obama being president. No need. You'd think she was his wife. #settledownits7inmorning.

Congratulations to Mr Barack Obama! The right man won! #Election2012

Pray for our SEALs. Obama knows how they really feel.

A photo of the anguish at the 'Skinny Americans for Romney' rally.

watching romney's concession speech, glad it's over,i'll rest alittle easier knowing I won't have2 harbor myfriends children here in Canada

In other news I'm so proud me and stayed up all night to watch Obama win again. WHILE THE REST OF YOU SLEPT!

all the southern hick as fuck states voted for romney haha #racists

Sorry Mitch McConnel. You sacrificed the good of the country to defeat Obama. You lost. WE won. #p2

Now waiting for Manmohan Singh to congratulate Barack Obama with a missed call

Obama nog 4 jaar in Witte Huis

Transcript of Obama's reelection speech |  via

Rejoice with those who rejoice congratulations God's own country congratulations OBAMA

That combination is like mitt Romney vs obama

Well-educated American media pundits and analysts when confronted by Obama's contradictions, stubbornly explain them away. Incredible.

FACTBOX-Mitt Romney, ex-Republican US presidential candidate: Nov 7 (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presid  #politics

Americans you have made the right choice. Yay Obama!

Can we have Obama for primeminister pls

MITT ROMNEY LIKES BLOOD ON THE DANCEFLOOR PASS IT ON OKAY

hahaha i guess obama and his wife aren't gonna be your slaves, now. #mittromneylost #yourefuckingfourt

Can Obama come and sort England out as well please?

I hope David Cameron heard Obama's speech. Especially the bit about supporting troops when they leave the forces

OBAMA'S SPEECH WAS ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! I HOPE HE  ROMNEY CAN COME 2GETHER  WORK THINGS OUT 4 THE GOOD OF OUR COUNTRY. #PROGRESSINTHEUS :)

I'm not gna sittweet bout the american elections cos I know it sounds bad, but I never really got interested in the topic, but yay obama x

Obama, let's make your 8 years worth it and bring actual change? #actionsspeaklouderthanwords

Romney lost in the playoffs in '08 n lost in the SuperBowl in '12 - Ann best give him that sloppy face 2nite to ease

of America woke up  smelled the coffee,that the 47% #Romney talked about included them! common sense prevailed.Go #Obama!

I know it doesn't effect me but Yes Obama!! So glad he beat mit!! #teamobama #4moreyears

Lmmfao, ms Karen was too mad when Obama hit #270

Feels good to be apart of the reason Obama got re-elected! :)

Dats right Obama is still the president for the next 4yrs shut up and get over it #IHatePolitics

I wish someone would explain to me why people think Obama is so great, I just don't get it.

President Obama DID, at the very least, talk about everyone having the opportunity to go to college.

pls don't think Obama's victory has no effect on us, it has a lot to do with Nigeria as a developing nation especially in terms of economics

Fox News Election Coverage: Questions Turn From President Obama's Victory To 2nd Term Mandate (VIDEO): NEW YORK  ht

Fox News in shock: Obama wins (Video): Faux News has been blatantly partial to republicans this entire campaign.

#yaaaaaaay!!! Barack Obama has been re-elected as president :) #sohappy!

A white guy in the voting line was like he's scared of what blacks might do if Obama loses I said shiiiit me tooThese

If Romney had won, I woulda stayed in the US to fix that.

Celebrities Tweet Reactions To Barack Obama's Presidential Win - After looking at a lot of these pictures, I'm surp

OBAMA means:- Orignal Black African Managing America :)GHANA YOUTH MUST LEARN FROM THIS.DON'T FIGHT WHEN

#Latinos won't forget: it will take a few #election cycles to even look at seriously. #Romney #immigration #dreamers

Global Citizens, #Obama, good for America -- good for the world!

I remember when decorating my MySpace was so fun to me. My page would have been Obama down w/ the falling letters  banner. #TimeChange

Good morning Mr President Obama!

GOODNIGHT TWITTER!!!!! XOXOXO CONGRATZ PRESIDENT OBAMA!!! :-) #election2012

Obama is the type if man I are myself marrying !

Obama creates new homeland security partnership council, to be led by John Brennan | Government Security News

Americans are so stupid! People are in tears cos Obama won! #StopThinkDisabledChild

Mitt Romney's father couldn't do it, Mitt failed and now I just hope Mitt's sons can carry on with the family legacy.

excuse my Obama crazy. enter back the bunnirabbit whose posts are mainly Gemini daily astrology, retweets  daily nonsense 3

Why do some people not like President Obama anyway?

#MuggingBeats sharing some of the celebration moments around the world of Obama being re-elected into the White House.

#NowThatObamaHasWon  -What should Obama's African agenda be going forward ?

well the media called it for obama then the electoral vote spiked in his favor. never seen that before. pop vote even, dont get

So Obama is in for another 4 years? Excellent. Now can we all get back to boobs, cocks and all that? That's what I'm

You think Romney would have tried to ensure little pink houses for you and me?

Obama is voted back in. Thank god for that cos I'd miss Michelle ever so much

I woke up to use the bathroom and seen that OBAMA was serving a second term for the U.S . #ThankyouJesus

Aww Obama and his wife are so cute together though :)

Relief!  BBC News - President Barack Obama defeats Romney to win re-election

They was Out 2 HANG Our PRESIDENT YallFUCK ROMNEY n WHOEVER FUX wit'em..If u Hope we Didnt Make it #FuckU..

funny thing is that fox called it for Obama first.

Im not butthurt over Obama winning. I would be the same way if Romney won. I just hate politics.

Barack Obama Sings 'U Can't Touch This' by MC Hammer [video]

i need to re-up on my Obama gear.

Scary thought, almost half of the USA people DON'T want Obama to be president

I'm glad Obama won but I'm kind of sick of it ring on literally EVERY single channel now

The most important country in the world. I hope you know Obama has the power to turn off internet worldwide.

I woke up with the horrible feeling that Romney had wonI was wrong #HappyDays  O-BAM-A!!

At the #Election2012 breakfast in enjoying Obama's speech. All in great spirits here.

Great news to wake up to this morning #OBAMA2012 :) Bad luck Romney!

We Celebrate the Obama's cos they r Famous. Look around you, you will find Awesome couples who have gone from nothing

Obama just delivered my nz beer awards cask ale category acceptance speech to the American people. #homebrewersthinkalike

When will Obama sort this out, Ad?

dont be ignorant and say white folks mad and blah blahthere some white folks who voted for obama too..the blacks can

Perhaps we can get back to some sort of normality now Obama has won. As David Bowie said 'this is not america'

Obama makes first decision in second term- for the lulz:

Shout out to the IV League for seeing Obama's daugther gon' steaming hot!

Romney heads to hotel ballroom to publicly concede - KATV: The HinduRomney heads to hotel ballroom to publicly c

How times have changed: #Obama makes it official, not iwth a bang or a whimper, but with a Tweet. #election2012

Obama is ahead by about 950,000 in Florida with 90% in. I'm calling Florida for Obama.

OMG I love the obama llama song :D so glad he won!

get in there obama! After this 4 years he shud come n be mayor of skem #obamaforkskem

no understands my happiness for Obama right now

Wonder if President Obama, will have time to //

IMA MAKE SOME ROMNEY NOODLES OBAMA SELF

So glad #Obama got president again! I was hoping he would #vote9 #Election2012

I think the british are happier than americans that Obama got president again

Damn It Romney Those Niggaz Got Us Shiiiiiiiiitttttt hahahaha

#JokesAboutObama Q: What is the difference between Obama and Jesus?A: Jesus can put a cabinet together

it's all a puppet show anyways. #Obama

Not sure why Romney is praying for Obama. If God was listening to Mitt, surely he'd be President right now.

I love how ghetto all the people that are getting RTs on my TL are. Saying 'fuck Romney' isn't very professional of you. #butseriously

My left hand is so swollen I can't feel it or do anything with it :( it's worthless to me On better news YAY OBAMA!!!!

I'm lowkey shitty that Romney got beat

Amen to that! RT I'm not American but of course I wanted Obama to win!

Yay Obama has got another 4 years in the white house

All said and done, Obama too has an abysmal record when it comes to civil liberties, from Bradley to drone attacks, he has stuffs to answer

Australian political commentator, owner Mosaic Portal, predicted Obama landslide win at dawn of election day against expert opinion  polls

Congratulations Obama. I wish u a successful second term. May God grant u good health, and protect u from all assassins. I luv u.

If Mitt Romney wins it just proves how stupid America really is  #300

#Obama wins #election, takes #Jewish vote with him ~  via ~ Once a victim, always a victim. Jews = #victimology

Seems Obama wongood for him I guess :)

Woo obama! Because I've always followed the democratic party of the united states and I know

one factor remains constant Obama is your re-elected president.give a good reason why he should terminate Obama care?

Dear Fox News, Romney lost, Obama won, in about  week you'll have something else to criticize so get over it

soon as obama won, i checked the phone voicemail, and received another interview with sykes

Fact: Obama has 99 problems but Mitt Romney ain't one.

The fact that Melissa Joan Hart is a republican has ruined Sabina for me. I mean come on she's a witch, Romney would pr

Those who felt mitt wz gona beat Obama tho .

Obama somewhere in his zone listenin to che boy r v.

Fox faces facts, not so pretty,  #p2 #obama

Weird to think when Obama's finished his presidency for good I'll be 18 wtf, I remember when he got elected the first time

Good news for people that like good news #Obama

Last tweet of the night, grats Obama and yay for gay marriage freedom. Girls, your ovaries won't be controlled by Romney !

Unbelievable Romney tried to swap shirts with Obama on Tuesday lunchtime

Is anyone really that shocked that Obama won?

Time to listen to chris moyles obama song, and I think i'll go for the black version. #howtocelebrate

ugh yes obama has 244 electoral votes wiN MY DARK CHOCOLATE MAN

Mitt Romney Cant Even Name One Flavor Of Ramen Noodles..That Nigga Dont Know The Struggle, He Aint About That Life. I Bet Obama Can Though.

Obama's victory speech actually made me cry. Wish I was American right now!

In all fairness, Mitt Romney was an incredible piece of shit.

Obama acknowledges hard-fought victory

#Obama stay wt us!!! Good job Mr.President!!!

Hahahaha, you fucking bunch of women-haters! #Romney #GOP

sky news says Obama got 93% of black vote, 71% Latino/Hispanic and 73% Asian vote. Mitt Romney ran out of white peop

There is something about obama that you can't help but love.

Obama's Got The Trap Niggas, Hood Niggas, Twerkers,H*es Dope Boys  Weed Smokers Watching The Election Name One Pre

Someone please assassinate Romney now?

Trump's Four Stages Of Obama Victory Grief  (via

OBAMA Did It Again ' BlaCk President For 4 Years WhoOt WhoOt !!!

All I can hear every time I read an #obama tweet is S.Mouse #obamaobamawhatyougonnado #angryboys

WE DID IT!  Yes, you were part of getting President Obama and some great Democrats back in power - and we need to

must suck being mitt romney.. i know he's probably getting the most hate mail lol

Obama Makes Stirring Speech After Victory, says America's Best is Yet to Come.

Obama got 9 million votes less than 08. Romney less than McCain. Where did these votes go?

Why are other countries bothered about Obama winning? I mean good for him but..#THISISENGLAND

Hope Obama is loving life with Michele #PresidentsGetTheLadies

Last time, people were fighting because Obama was black. This time, we fought to keep him in office 3 #progress

Why British are up in arms against Romney i don't know, would it have affected you had he won? Do you know his policies? Fuck off then x

Soooo happy Obama is still president :D he's a cool cat ;)

Where the hell is my Obama shirt?!

Barack Obama pays gushing tribute to special relationship  if u read a decent paper u wld know! :)

OBAMA WON! Thank goodness! No more Romney

If mitt romney got in to power it was a matter of weeks before WW3

People Who Voted for Obama | Socyberty  via

Wait. WHERE ARE ALL THE OBAMA SHIT TALKERS AT??? I'm here?! Lol

I told these folks Obama was going to win..#ThatisAll

There's something about #Obama's speaches that make you feel like you're in church #canabrothagetanAMEN

Lemme Skype Obama and congratulate him before I sleep.

America went black, they're never going back! #Obama

If Obama lost, there still would've been that shitload of confetti/glitter waiting above his stage that everyone wou

Good Morning and well done Barack Obama your the coolest :)

I say Obama wins. Keep the blacks in the white house for another term (momentary racism, lemme love my colour 4 now). Not s

if Romney had won the election the Mayans would have been right

Final estimates show the #election was the most expensive in #US history, with #Obama having raised close to $1bn and Romney more than $800m

I know he don't make much different to me but #Obama is one smooth guy. #Obama2012 #election2012

So Obama won , you guys can be happy now . You get to keep your foodstamps

Romney don't know about Ramen noodles, no sugar for kool-aid  having to put aluminum foil on TV antennas. HE DON'T KNOW THE STRUGGLE!

Fox News is in mourning. Not one mention of Obama just talking about why Romney lost. Wonder why the Tories backed Murdoch over Sky? #obama

Congratulations Obama  Family, Democrats and America ^^.

Watching CNN analyzing the election2012 is like watchin espn sports center trying to analyze a nfl match lol..um this ain't a game. #Obama

MITT ROMNEY SILENTLY FARTS AND THEN DOESN'T OWN UP TO IT

And when you can't find a job in a few years because an ILLEGAL immigrant has it, thank Obama. #TeamRomney

Hella yes obama won!!!!! Screw u Romney!  Not gna allow women rights, psh what kinda bs is that?!

I don't actually see Obama as 'the black president'

Waking up and finding out obama won is the best feeling. Now we know america won't be destroyed by Romney who will ruin lives for the poor

Obama is so cool if you stood next to him you would look stupid

Great news about obama, I'm sure romney would have done loads different if he was president.

interesting to note that while maj of voters say econ is issue #1 and #Romney will better handle the econ, #Obama won. TRUST matters.

If USA was Nigeria, today's headlines will read: 'Don't celebrate yet',Romney tells Obama (TELL magazine)

My dad is in a great mood:) all thanx to obama winnin 0/

I Voted. Few more hours until Obama Wins again! #ObamaBidden2012 #Hope

Barack Obama's speech got me all pumped up!! Lol

Well done Obama.ive never heard Richard Bacon  5Live presenters so happy,glad it's cheered them up.

#BETVOTE obama is the president i aint got no worries romneey aint so ween got no worries..to be continued.

Video: Obama faces perilous challenges abroad: Difficult situations remain for President Obama in Syria, Afghani

Good news first thing in the morning make me :) ::yay Obama::

We have David Cameron. They have Obama. Can we swap please?

So we bid adieu to Romney! Congrats to Obama for the victory!! #USElections

I wouldn't be the man I am today if I didnt marry that woman!!! I love it!!! #Obama

Congratulations America! Congratulations too Obama!!!!!! :DD

To all the ladies Michelle meant obama 20yrs ago when things was rough.#NeverLeaveHimCauseOfHisPocket#Poka

Weldone America! Great to wake up and find out Obama was reelected. Was nervous there for a minute! #gobama #Election2012 #

Obama win has U.S investors staring at fiscal cliff  YAHOO!

Great speech Obama, reassuring to wake up to and I can still follow you on Instagram! Yay!

Obama's acceptance speech FTW!!! Hahaha

RT 4 more years for Obama! Now there are no barriers to implementation of his secret socialist plan.

Wish we had an Obama in charge of the uk! So much passion!

Agreed. My day so far: 5% work, 80% Obama stuff, 10% on my phone and the other 5% will be used blankly staring at my screen.

Obama won a second term, defeating Romney this with what I did and I congratulate!

Obama certainly knows how to write a speech!! #epic #ObamaWins

On facebook just liking all these Obama statuses

Mitt #Romney calls Barack #Obama to concede victory. LIVE:  #election2012 /via #fb happydays!

Hey Obama calls Clinton (Updated)

Huge sigh of relief! Life and death for a friend, as her daughter has 3rd bout of leukaemia  would no longer get treatment under Romney.

Wait till tomorrow when nobody gives a shit about Obama

What Are They Saying About Obama's Victory? - Yahoo! News  via

..Michelle Obama got a donk though #js

obama care better not go through. ill shit on the white house door step.

Congratulations president obama 4 winning the race finally.May God give you perfect wisdom to lead

Wonder what that Obama guy is doing right now.

I will not concede to my bed until I know Obama got Florida.

If #Obama could no ho would have to work, pop as many baby's and still make more then the working class

Just watched Obama's speech. Cried. Proud.

FX Did U Know: Obama projected to win the US election by major TV networks

You know what they say, once you go Barack you never go back. #obama

I bet Obama was nice and voted for Romney, and Romney probably voted for himself.

hooray! my power is back on;obama has succeeded;now let's get back to work and make things better,really better

Who's bothered obama won. What does he do for this country. Fuck all. So its not my concern yet I have all this thrown in my face #fuckoff

Rocked Mighty SF for the 1st time w/ Obama wonand ate like 5 free cookies. #goodday #fb

If anyone question's Obama's character and values tell them about the years he spent working to pay back his student loans.

thank god obama won, mitt would have sucked balls #alreadydoes

Kudos for sticking with the Obama administration USA. You did what we couldn't, we're stuck with the bag of dicks that is C

#PDSLive that girl behind obama with the flag in her hair looks like a skinny young Oprah!!!

From BreezyBarbz_ :Yeahh Congratulation to President Obama 4 MORE YEARS!!!

that was a nice way of starting my 19th year,,,,,Obama's re-election is one of my birthday giftslol

Congratulation Romney you made better than you should do #USA2012

Romney certainly isn't Big Pimpin' tonight!

RACIST REMARKS FROM THESE GUYS AFTER OBAMA WINS:  via NEW VIDEO FROM BOON AND JUI MAN ABOUT OBAMA WINNING!!

I might go for that Obama tattoo now

fuck that vote #Sinnfein2013 and sack obama the nigga

Congratulations Mr. Obama, and you are so fucked Mr. Romney, HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA

Obama was all types of niggers  black mf'ers today tho smh lmaooo!

FOX Projects Obama Wins Re-Election - FOX News projects President Barack Obama has been re-elected and will serve an

Glad to see Obama win. Romney with his regressive and religiously fundamentalist policies would've been horrible.

Gonna watch Obama on the bus and screech with happiness.

So relieved the US re-elected Obama.  Really would have worried for the world if it was Mitt. .phew!

Least Obama can't take away football and sweet tea! #clichetweet

Obama going in again, never doubted him for a second #ObamaNation

Congradulations to the Democratic Party and President Obama. Looking forward to Four More Years! #election2012

Obama Wins! Time to renew the American Passport

But obama won so that makes me happy GO OBAMA

Obama is back for a 2nd term. How about Mitch McConnell focus on getting shit done rather than obsess over denying him another term.

he out played Romney 20-0

Yes YEs YESSSS!!!! Obama is BACK!!! *phewwwwwww* and *whooop!*

I don't understand where people got that Romney doesn't like women, destroyed jobs, and is all about money?

Obama is like Tony Stark in iron man 2 and avengers now. Like he's a cool mofo but he isn't as cocky as he used to be.

Flag hair lady steals Obama's spotlight

An amazing american night and a crazy morning in the world :  #USA #Obama

America, the world thanks you. Obama is much better than Mitt the Twit.

'The renaissance bird ' is the platform name of Obama's administration for the next 4 years . #Egypt #Morsi

Celebration latte this morning I think #obama #USElection2012

Chasing Obama: A Day In The Life Of A Reuters Photographer On The Campaign Trail  via

YES! Glad to here Obama got the Presidency #Forward

-cue me moving to america because obama-

#Health #News Obama vows to work with Republicans after winning re-election: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Preside

Obama I think was  the best option the white guy seemed like another bush

Wee Obama. Boo the failing of the school levy. Wish the high school could be important to the community for the right reasons. . . .

End of Obama's victory speech 'and remind the world just why it is we live in the greatest nation on earth' #bombsaway #byebyeiran

If you're considered a 'middle class' citizen and you voted for Obama, you signed your bank account's death sentence. Congratulations.

Co-asks  Why are we Tweeting Like Obama is Our President???

1000th Tweet!!!!!!! Aaaahhhhhhh I'm so cool! I shall dedicate this to obama, well done niggaaaaaa

dude I didn't vote for Obama because he's black.  I didn't vote for him because he's all for killing babies.

Hahaha lmfao ! A india guy tweet to obama congratulations in tamil !! Lol power mike

Does any one know if #Obama has won I just woke up

Obama wins, has most retweeted tweet ever (and over a million likes on Facebook) | VentureBeat  via

Asian stocks rose, U.S. index futures pared losses and the dollar weakened after President  Obama won re-election. Metals

This will be #Obama's last four years no matter what. Is this where he pulls out all the stops? #healthcare #gayequality #closeguantanamo

Waking up to the news of an #Obama win. I'm relieved. Hes not the best but better than #MittRomney

I support Obama all because he looks better than Romney.

YouTube video shows electronic voting machine selecting Romney despite voter trying to choose Obama

Now Obama has no one to blame but himself.

hope you're happy helping Obama get re-elected.  kiss ur 2016 aspirations good bye

Beautiful to wake up and hear that it's not the start of the end of the world Oh, and that Obama's still president.

Gotta cook breakfast for these Romney ppl *birdman hand rub*

President Obama keep on making us proud God bless You God bless America. You are the man.Black Presidents ROCK

Considering how much ass Colorado kicked tonight, I think it's only fitting Obama won with 303 electoral votes :)

Hoping for another episode to celebrate Obama's victory like last election #Obama2012

GAYS! WOMEN! HISPANICS! WATER! HEART!*Obama turns blue, flies into sky. Michelle spins around dressed as Gaia.*THE PO

The Obama winaccording to Bible Prophecy, a sure indication of the rise of the anti christ and the impending announcement

Good morning to the free world! Congrats Obama #obamawins

Obama was re-elected. I don't actually think he's gonna do much for the USA

If Romney's concession speech was 'gracious', I'd hate to see how he does 'self-promoting and selfish'

Today was great! Sleep time now, work early. Gnite luvas #4MoreYears #2terms #Obama

#TeamFollowBack Nov. 7 - Americans hand Obama a second term, challenges await. Deborah Lutterbeck   #f4f

Obama: 'We have picked ourselves up,' fought back: A triumphant President Barack Obama heralded his  #dallas #news

Obama wins!!!!!! I will sleep well tonite!:)

Looking forward to 4 more years of drones slaughtering civilians. #obama

like seriously was there any black out thee that voted for romney? cos that will be a real shame..lol

Riots On Ole Miss Campus Over Obama Win live updates on

President Obama to visit Cambodia on November 18 for Southeast Asian summit meetings, Cambodian minister  #sp4zee

Im happy as hell Obama our president again!

Oh wow Mitt Romney lost the Massachusetts electoral vote where he is governor.  #USElections

Congrats Obama. But now I'm focused on finding out about Ichigo. #Bleach

President Obama the 45th President of the United States of America #4moreyears

Romney just wanted some attention he knew he wasnt gone win

I'M SO HAPPY OBAMA WON AND FRODO DESTROYED THE RING

Listening to Obama. Funny. Smart. Passionate. I wish we had politicians that made me feel like this.  Good morning America.

As Apple would say. This changes everything.. Again! #election2012 #barack #obama

Cannot believe I didn't wear my Obama T-shirt today. #SoDumb

RT And the rest of the world breathes again. Thank you American voters. #Obama

good morningHALLELUJAH obama is done it, again!

An American just said Obama needs to tackle global warming!?! Have I woken up in a parallel universe?

I'm British and I am still happy that Obama won

Obama won because he had #swag

Romney has NOTHING to do with the rest of us Mormons so stop talkin shit about all Mormons. Annoying asses..

I'm so surprised about the women who didn't support president Obama, he fights for your equality and yet you bash him? #IDontGetIt

It seems the English people I follow are _very_ happy that Obama won last night!

In winning his second term President Obama let's the nation know a second time that the middle initial of his name stands for Hope!

Global Markets Wall Street left to rebuild Obama ties after backing Romney

US election: Barack Obama's second chance -  via

If you think these next 4 years are gonna be terrible because of Obama, go change your citizenship and live in some other country.

I agree totally with your Romney comments, thank goodness he didnt get through!

Can there not be a law in America where they just constantly have Obama as President? He can't run next time :(

I lost a bunch of followers tonight. I'm guessing they were Romney supporters. Suck it, sore losers.

God is good to America. New Yorker said Obama's outstanding quality is that he is not crazy.

If I see any Mz Obama on my TL na 2 block ur dumb ass!

Congratulations President Obama. This says it all. Hope you like it Ian

You highlight the First Lady line from Romney's speech? Try 'Our leaders have to reach across the aisle to do the people's work'

US Sikhs celebrate Obama's victory: The Sikh community in US is overwhelmed over landslide victory of US President Barack Obama for s

Late changes on The Times and The Sun capture Obama victory   #newspapers. Stylish Times front.

Gonna roll one up for Obama real soon

Obama won. 3 good sets. Not a bad night.

If there were more men like , there would be fewer men like Barack Obama. #faith #hope #love

Barack Obama re-elected: 'Best is yet to come'

Well done, Obama. This is your mandate to turn America into a socialist paradise, yeah?

Not big into politics but I've always liked that Obama fella, well done Mr Prime Minister #election2012

Time for Obama's election celebration: A fat blunt and a crate of 40s'. #Thuglife #HowDoesPoliticsWork

Haha!! I love Obama, he's like my idol.

Very relieved #Obama has won so (hopefully) the US policy in the Middle East won't get worse, and the 2012 US election i

Well done Obama! However the republicans retained the House of Representatives  they'l hold up everything he wants to do #Westwingknowledge

Obama says task of perfecting union moves forward: U.S. President Barack Obama early Wednesday thanked every Ame

Kier runs into form chanting obama bless him

GOD BLESS OBAMA!All things are possible if u believe, don't waste a day without making progress in you life. YES U CAN!Morning!

So the 'Forward' is the winning buzzword! Congrats Prez Obama!

Reese's for breakfast? Yes, but only because of Obama.

Well, since Obama won. My options are either move to Mars or kill myself. #decisions

I'm so glad the election is over; even more so after Obama has ended on top!

I was really looking forward to seeing Mitt Romney's birth certificate. #USElection

Obama: well there's a few world crises averted.

Obama will get no rest before second-term challenges arise

There's no place for ppl like me or Romney.

the clue was in the bookmakers odds. One had it 2-9 for Obama a couple of days ago. They don't often get it wrong

Im glad that obama won! Oh wait, who did my bf want to win?! #takensororitygirlprobs #politicaltweet #ithoughtbillclintonwasinthewhitehouse

I'm gunna make a small guess that #Obama is president again!? #twitterismynews

Obama wins again! Damn Zardari will be so happy!#Pakistani

Today was a Good day for the Americans,wish Barack Obama was in South Africa and was rather our black president rather then..Never Mind

White House pool report on Obama's activities after victory speech, has been attending receptions:

49.8% to 48.7% was Obama's vote victory! But his total was 303 to Romney's 206. #soclose #nearmissofdisaster

I thought most people said Obama can't be da prez buh now look who's runnin America.Martin Luther King Jnr's dreams is alive

bitch shut your pressed ass up #4MOREYEARS #OBAMA #GODBLESSAMERICA #TeamObama #TakeThatMITCHES

Americans should look up to obama and michelle as a role model and not rihanna or nicki minaj !

RT RT Retweet if you're excited about President Obama's win! #election2012 #FourMoreYears

Americans choose Obama over RomneyCongratulation Mr. ObamaFrom Keep Smiling :)3

Today's Twitter Digest - Haji Ali, Ravi Shastri and Barack Obama -

Obama re-elected, promises 'Best is yet to come'

Your man shouldn't just grow your closet, but your mind, Obama and Michelle are the perfect picture of love and companionship.

I think Obama and Glozelle should marry

Slam dunk that funk Obama! Fancy a celebratory game of basketball? #uselection2012

It's a good day for American uteruses #Obama #election2012

With a weird piece of logic the Republican Abroad suggest that america has punished Obama by not giving him a majority in the House!!

YA'LL DON'T KNOW HOW HAPPY I AM THAT OBAMA WON. FOUR MORE YEARS, HELL YEAH

The tie Barack Obama is currently wearing, is my favourite sort of blue.

Congrats mr President! With you the world is going to be a bette place! #obama #Election2012

Way to go Obama!! The strongest leader re-elected!!!

I favorited a video  President Barack Obama - 2012 Re-election Acceptance Speech

Maybe this will give Obama the confidence to bring about the genuine change he promised. Maybe?

Basically none of the Danish people in the media wanted Romney to win, even though they never said it. But they are celebrating so much now.

Obama gets re elected , I get a job. Tell me God isn't real LOL

i havr hugged my friend obama supporters :/

I hope everyone now knows Obama is the president and he'll do a fine job during his 2nd term, thanks to my tweets #PoliticallyInformedGuy

Yogendra Yadav says : Caste equations helped Obama, American Dalits voted for him #USElections #FromFB

Congratulations to Barack Obama on the repeat in the presidential office. The next four years will tell if this was the right choice.

VIDEO- Barack Obama Funniest Images Ever After Winning Election 2012 #election2012 #ObamaWins #Obama2012 #4moreyears  RT

I didn't know this many people liked Romney..

Time to go to bed: No Matter what anyone thinks when we wake up in the morning, like it or not The American President is Barack Obama!!!

'Those in power have to resist the temptation to crack down on dissidents'' #Obama

A new post: How About It, Mr Obama?

Obama back to doing what he does best 4 more years of him being a proper lad #obamaLAD

YESSSSUUUUR in the words of B 'take that mitches' .obama did it again!!

fwitw, I really hated that font on Romney's campaign logos.

YES! President again! Can't believe NO ONE twigged I'm actually Barack Obama. It's so OBVIOUS!

Thank you, thank you, thank you US citizens for not taking the world back to the dark ages! Phew. That was close. #obama #usa2012

Morning, all! Obama won? Called it. Now, to do an assignment that I have 0 clue how to do. #Statistics #FridayHandIn

Glad to wake up to #Obama four more years!

#Obama won, more worried about my bacon sandwich mate

We can see how much nialler loving Obama. Omg lol=D

Feeling lifted by Obama's victory speech. Such a great speaker!

Well done Obama, America finally came to its senses.

DTN Bangladesh: Obama says 'best is yet to come' in victory speech: CHICAGO: President Barack Obama told cheerin

Congrats to Obama on re-election! Voted for the first time, see you in four years! #UnitedWeStand

Get your hoodies tees n tanks #obama #infideliticlothing oles

more like hood rats and skanks dodged a bullet. It said when strippers are happy Obama won for free bc ans abortions

Obama's support has dropped. Roll on 2016, but the Reps have to win the non-white voter. With a $16T debt, Dems can't buy them any longer.

ONE OF THE THINGS I ADMIRE THE MOST OF OBAMA IS THAT HIS SPEECH WAS TO SAY THANKS TO HIS PEOPLE. This is a real pre

So why, do you write Barack Hussein Obama, and not Willard Mitt Romney?

Obama is definitely letting Michelle sit on his face

Manmohan Singh should learn oratory skills from Obama. Ideas can make you a good leader but the art of presenting them, makes you great.

Obama, Warren, gay marriage, mostly goodnight. Love you America. Xoxox.

Stayed up way too late tonight. #worthit. #obama

: I went to bed. Very glad I woke up in a world with Obama back in The White House.

Well done Obama, give that dog a bone.

I think u sorta influenced some of the American citizens to vote for Obama. Maybe 3 percent hahaha:)

Obama wins! And yes, it has nothing to do wif me =)

I think Romney going to take some shots of Blench and write in his girly notebook of how miserable he's life is

Obama's got four more years in the White House and I have got two more days until Friday.let's all get on with it.#goodmorning

#Romney stole 'CHANGE' but got beaten by 'FORWARD'. #WhodaThunk

Did anybody know that Obama won today, haven't seen one tweet nor Instagram picture #flooded

Yes we can, redux. #Obama And now waiting for 2014 #India

Congrats for winning the election in US even I'm from the Philippines#Congrats Obama

RT:Omar_Hanafi:Farouk Sultan's speech was longer than the voting process in the US. #Obama #Egypt #USElection

I believe India TV has found Obama's distant aunt in Bulandshahar in Uttar Pradesh.

I don't know what we're yelling about Loud Noises! (Insert generic tweet about US elections) #Obama

#US President Barack #Obama is embraced by first lady #Michelle Obama after his victory speech in Chicago, on Nov. 6

Big Obama:Barack Obama four more years!

Are you happy ?! Your  idol won the election !! Congratulations to Barack Obama

Thumbs up to Barack Obama! - Another 4 years in the white House! #BeyondMag #Beyonders #News

Goddamn  I'm fairly cynical but THAT is the Obama that gives the rest of the world hope.

Don't know the first thing about politics, but I reckon obamas pretty cool. And wtf kinda names mitt anyway

Made a new friend tonight too Obama won work in the morning today was a good day

Plus, Obama's re-election seems to have p*ssed off Donald Trump too, which is a bonus. I think we can declare last ni

Obama-lama-ding and most definitely DONG, #dear

SCUSATE MA QUINDI OBAMA HA VINTO ANCORA LE ELEZIONI?! NESSUNO LO DICE, NESSUNO NE PARLA.. #BAH

Is Obama the anti-christ?  Hard to argue with such convincing logic.

Obama won !! The black man has done it :o

Yessssss get in!!! So happy obama got re elected and not that pompus romney!!! haha #presidentobama

So did Obama win anywhere else, or was it just Ohio?! #ohioitis #godblessohio

#Obama re-elected as US president; loved his speech here 3

Don't get why everyone's cheering for all This Obama shit he rules a different country not Rs unless use are all blag Americans

I'm not going to lie Obama's victory speech was beautiful. :)

Obama's speeches are electrifying like the Rocks #peopleschamp!

Now what to expect now obama has a second term

Barack Obama bored me to death with his victory speech.

Romney's concession speech delayed, has to be transcribed from angelic golden plates using magical spectacles hidden

Romney and Obama are both idiots in my opinion just glad the lesser idiot won , surprised Romney hasn't though #USElection

Rumours circulating Mitt Romney to run for MelbFC presidency #neverbeenbetterplaced

#Obama Elected AgainWhat good he can bring for #India??..BTW, eventually paid of for what he did the best - Killed #Osama :)

Call me a whacko if you will but this is not legit. Romney led in polls, momentum, ground game, and picked up Congr

HahahahEishknow the feeling I feel a little like Mitt Romney today. Lost a deal I thought

Celebrate good Obama C'MON!!:  via#Southparkknows

The most powerful orater in the world. Barack Obama. Proved time and again.

NY1: Across City, Obama Supporters Rejoice At Re-election News  #nyc

Even me who dislike politics and my family here in Sweden are happy that President Obama got re-elected =) #election2012 #4moreyears

TT Twitter Italia 10:00: 1.#elementarimemories 2.#USA2012 3.#mediememories 4.#JUSTINsuFORMUSICTV 5.#upallnightalwaysinourhearts 6.Go Obama

Significant air bubbles in the water pipes and some kind of Java conflict causing video playback problems. So this is Obama's Britain?!

listening to obama 's victory speech..get shivers at with what passion he speaks..malta needs needs that attitude! #obama

So glad got 4 more years, the american people decided that bush was 1 retard too much and never again #obama #republicanssuck

Looks like that road trip round America is a-go #obama

Here goes my rant about how much I want Obama to be mine. Lol.

We are not as divided as our politics suggest. -Barack #Obama #election2012 #4MoreYears

I hate how all yall act like you wouldn't have anything bad to say if it was the other way around and Romney won.

good morning, my neck hurts like hell but at least romney didn't win

You're talking about Obama winning, right?

the only difference between bush and obama is tht obama is black and a better speaker. Apparently that's good enough.

Anyone was better than Romney anyway

join the rest of the free (and probably the less free) world! #obama #fourmoreyears

Split decisions: Indiana voters back GOP's Romney and Pence, but reject tea  - Greenfield Daily  #TFB

Yes if Obama lost there would b recount for months if necessary.

Yay Obama is winning the popular votes!! Donald Trump can chill out now, and go back to The apprentice.

Staying at the hotel going to go pee on the beds and smoke the rooms out  tag it with Obama care lol. NICE

Sky streaked with trails, face streaked with tears, Obama speaks of hope

Congratulations Obama, will be good to see Michelle rocking another 4 years of amazing fashion #youngideas

obama's a good talker, gotta learn how to do that

delighted that owes me a pint after predicting a Romney 'landslide'

Obama Won, Its a Sad Day for hillbillies.

So the rand value has hit a two week high because of Obama's victory. Interesting.

Ohh, so hey! Did you know obama won the election!?

What a team! Obama: 'Michelle, I have never loved you more. I've never been prouder to watch the rest of America fall in love with you too.'

Fantastic News to wake up to! Obama won thank god  congratulations!

#Obama knws how 2 talk shit in style

I actually think this might win Karl Rove Argues With Fox News About Whether Obama Won Ohio (VIDEO)

To me, America is a place where most of our dreams come true. So I'm really happy that Obama won the election because he is a capabale man.

it's too cold outside, this is what Obama is doing to America (I realize i live in Ireland but does it really matter)

Continuing dialog on Obama victory at Trijaya FM and Sindo Radio 17:30ish and TVOne 20:00

So relived to hear Obama won. No trip to Wickes for bunker building materials today then. Good voting you legends!!!

President Obama's victory #Election2012 Election Night Live Backflip Fail  via

OBAMA WON. THANK FUCKING GOD. IT'S A GREAT DAY. CRYING.

looks like dad ringing you to say city have beaten united 10-0. Delighted for Obama tho.

possibly. Not sure. Obama didn't win it in 2008.

Yes He Did! - President Barack Obama defeats Romney to win re-election

America stay as a democrat !! Congrats to Barrack Obama, sorry Mitt Romney

Putin has just sent a congratulatory telegram to Obama. I know he's getting older, but a telegram? Hasn't he heard of

So I hear Obama won. But as I'm not american I don't even care, makes no diffrence to me. I don't even know the name of our prime minister

bitches choose their lifestyle and jobs and even so freedom of a women's body would have never went thru like Romney wanted

she taking all the credit when Obama Trynna give his speech lol

Morning well done #Obama another 4 years

You know Romney isn't Christian, right?

You should have to take a drug test to vote.. And I bet Romney would win

also toadfish from tv neighbours RT: To all republicans who said they will move to Australia if Obama won

#np Angels  Airwaves - The Adventure, For Obama's Victory :D

Omgosh yes! Just woke up to find that Obama won

Just wow:  Thing is Bill, rich white folk already have more stuff and things than they know what to do with. #obama

Somebody tell Mitch McConnell's bird face jelly neck looking ass I said fall back and have a _/. Obama Bitch!!

So glad to wake up and find out obama won!

Obama gotta lot to deal wit, gotta give the man time its not easy. . .

Nigerians, no pride, no dignity.Obama doesn't give a toss about yougenerallyAfricans should be more

sooo glad Obama won!!!! heard it around 6 o clock this morning. i was sleeping but heard it on the radio!! happy!

proud of the people !!!! Obama 4 years way to go fella

Just watched Obama's victory speech! Wanna move to America now, it sounds BRILLIANT!!! Congrats, Mr O!

Haha obama yet again for 4 years time to get up off my arse and stop moaning about colds and shit :D

Obama is suave, great orator and speaks from heart! Deserves to win ! #Obama #US elections

Minnesota DFL rides Obama wave to huge night

Mitt Romney: 'This is a time of great challenges' - Deseret News  #Romney

liveministries look: India congratulates Barack Obama on re-election (NDTV News): Share With Friends:  |  | Worl

This is the video that convinced all white people to vote for Barack Obama. WATCH:Chris Rock - Message for White Voters

No offence,congs for Obama but the way Ugandans are overly hyped about his win as if he's their president.relax!!

Some people are saying Obama is the anti-christ. Really?

The big news this morning is the presidential election congratulations #Obama! Who would you have voted for?

I was really let down by our country tonight. Wish wecould think of the future and what the repercussions r of having Obama for 4 more years

#Obama Had a class victory speech from what I seen on the news.

just an extension of the celebrity culture IMO. Obama is another celebrity to a lot of people.

Yay Obama!Now everyone in Ireland, we have our own vote on Saturday! Don't forget to vote! #Obama #Ireland

Neither Obama or Romney can save us. We need God!

In the first of 600 nightly mini-elections, the democrats have won Romney. Up tonight, Obama moves on to face Bryan.

There's already a story on Fox News about how the media was biased towards Obama

Good job Obama! Dread to think how much it cost to keep things the same though :/

Congratulations to Barack Obama for becoming the 2nd black president of the United States (after Barack Obama 2008)

Romney tuth he was gonna raise the price of my Kenkey.. Tww! The fokins wey I plan to give am

Don't understand people who R against Obama. Don't they see they were voting against their own interest?

So happy about Obama winning the election :) there aren't any words.

Listening to #News but everything is about Barack Obama's victory. Does that mean there is nothing #NewsWorthy in UG? Just wondering!

Watched the #Obama speech 3 times now. Flawless speaker. USA lucky to have such an inspirational leader in charge of their country.

Ah so Obama was re-elected.  Obviously!

Missed the amazing speech or, like me, want to hear it over and over again? Here you go:  #Obama

BBC election coverage ends with Bill Turnbull playing with a Michelle Obama doll and muttering about fluffy bunnies Beautiful

Glad Obama won the erection, good news, I wish we had a prime minister like him

Obama Obama Obama Obama Obama! Can we have him instead of David Cameron?

Yes Obama has been re- elected!!! What's the current status of our brothers and sisters in the middle belt???

Vote for Romney, PSSHHH! Blasting this in the gyaanexchange office. THATS RIGHT! OBAMA OBAMA #OBAMA!! India Represent!

The most tweeted political event in history #obama out-tweeted Romney #USA

The whole world is tweeting about Obama..here in the United States of Cape Town we Tweet about Linkin Park

I bet Obama is still puttin in work.

Obama has won .. america brace yourselves!

Romney took the early lead but then all the Deomcrats got off work to vote haha :)

Waking up to brilliant news. Obama re-elected.

Romney all the way! He should have won :[

Congrats to Obama!! :D the most awesome guy won! Haha :p

Wish David Cameron was as likable and smooth as Obama, but he's not. He's a massive cunt. #hateUKpolitics #giveusobama

Hate the assumption that people seem to make where apparently all racist homophobes vote for Romney and everyone else v

Obama Wins the 2012 Election: Obama's Complete Presidential Victory Speech4 more years

Which Sectors Benefit From an Obama Win?  #Chrysler #Fiat

..disappointed there was no standing ovation to my morning meeting oratory. #Obama #election2012 #estateagents #realtors

I hope I'm wrong,I really dobecause if I'm right the whole world is a much more dangerous place with Obama in situe.

Prez. Obama of the U S has won the Elections, for a 2nd term in office, do u think this will play a significant role in our's in dec. 7???

Huge congratulations to Obama on winning his second term! #Relief

Congrats to Obama, successfully gaining another term in office. Who did everyone else back to win last night?

Just listened to obama's victory speech again! Difference between him and our PM is he positions himself as one of

Looks like this campaign video was a success! Get in Obama

Obama's Election Day In Chicago: Playing Ball And Making Calls

#US2012 2nd term victory for Obama is also good for driving need save and secure the future for #NHS it shows people care about health care.

YES USA! GOOD DECISION RIGHT THERE! KEEPING OBAMA!

Gary Johnson and Ron Paul in my mind are as big a bitches as Obama. they robbed Romney of a victory. #libertarian #tcot  #RonPaul

CNN: #Obama needs to open  new chapter..a chapter where #Manning freed, #Assange let go, privacy is restored, #NDAA repealed?

So glad that Americans saw through the veil of bullshit that the republicans tried to smother them with. C'mon Obama, 4 years to sort it out

America is still in Obama's hands. Britain lets out a collective sigh of relief.

After the US election the winners are: gold, silver and oil: The Obama win was the best-case scenario for precio

Romney you LOST ! WTF SON ?!

Now, for the inevitable floor of loosely-connected Obama themed press releases for iPad mini cases.

no 93% of the black population voted obama 73% hispanic and 69% asian!the white share was 56% to romney

she called Obama hitler like wtf she's dumb AF

Breaking: FOX News: Romney has won the election and has already fixed the economy.#CNNelection #ElectionDay2012

Ed and David, aka the Marxist Brothers, tweet their congratulations to Obama. I'm sure he was touched.

Bravo for Obama I m so glad he Won !!! #teamObama

Someone pls tell me its true uhuru contributed to #Romney's campaign???

Best part of canvassing for Obama today in Orlando was the team - even got a home baked cake from a volunteer!

I hope that the loosers in next year' s general election will accept defeat like Mitt Romney did!

Watching Barack Obama's victory speech in lecture #Brilliant! #Inspirational

Final result : Obama 303 - Romney 206. I'm just shocked that only 509 people turned up to vote across the whole of America!

Congrats to president obama. May the lord be with you for the next four years

The Victory speech of Obama was just incredible

I'm back to the hotel with my phone chargedso, I can finally tweet- YAY! OBAMA WON!!!

Barak Obama is your manYour 5 minutes of hope are nearly up

One of the best things about Obama winning is Trump's timeline. Hahahahaha!

You don't need to know too many of the facts to be relieved that Romney hasn't got in I think. Obama has done well.

congrats my friend Obama for the victory! The best is yet to come

Apparently, #Romney failed to create a job for himself. He'll be fine, though, the Mormons always need more door-to-door preachers anyway.

Obama need to crip walk to the mic

OBAMA will bankrupt our country, Hes already doing what Greece has done , in 4 years he added the same amount of debt than Bush in 8 years.

Got a missed call fr White House, but I guess they just wanted to tell us that Obama Won !!

I wake up  I hear that obama is president againnn yess! #teamobama

New blog posting, President Obama: Election Day is Almost Over So Get Out There and Vote -

never ever think dat wud happen coz obama got one wife not five

I am happy it is you Barack Obama  #imwithobama

Forex: Reelected Obama To Face Economic Challenges (TRADERBase): Share With Friends:  |  | Business - Currencies

As Obama gets re-elected for another 4 yrs,Join us in congratulating him.Like and Share!Last Ondo electn wasnt celeb8d lik dis

Also, is right - I'm hugely relieved that Obama won. But I really hope he does something about these

Good news from America;the first black President needed a second term for the long term development of the country. Obama has a tough job.

Presidential campaigns seem to go on forever. Obama for another four years eh? Does the next campaign start next year? #billions

Waz obama rily a beta candidate 4 america and dey rest of d world????a question u nid 2 ansa!!

Yes is Fantastic Romney Style op op op Romney Style

Woke Up To See That Obama Won!!!

Quick question, is Romney the guy from the Just For Men ad who gets bullied by his daughters in

CNBC: Soros: Obama Victory Means 'More Sensible Politics'

Obama will be remembered as the president that Got Osama Bin Laden.

Manx Radio: Obama's victory may not be good news for Island

not everybody happy Obama got reelected read this..

Democrats find 'exhilaration' in Obama win; for GOPer, 'I'm getting too old for these defeats'

Obama won! Brazil is so happy for you guys, we need a president like him here. Congrats Americans!

Icould hv voted fo mitt romney bt unfortunately hz nt black

Obama Zombies (the youth vote) march on.  #business

Im happy for Obama..but he needs to take some notes from Romney and get control of the people abusing government assistance.

haha shut up you dont even no why you like obama or anything about american politics #morningjokeskeepingmegoin

Congrat Obama,,you are the best from the worst

I'm going to start using 'Romney' as an insult. It means shallow-minded, idiotic, twat, okay?

Aww Romney handled it well He didn't look like a sore loser. #patontheback

Rutte congratulates Obama on second-term win and calls for closer trade ties #Obama2012

Congratulations Obama! A Dreamer dreaming from Spain.

This next term will what Obama is remembered by. No pressure #USAvotes

Good morning so far; #Obama and now watching Rolfs' animal clinic :) #lovely

So happy Obama is president for another 4years he deserves it :)

Obama won ?? OMG what a good way to wake up !

President Barack Obama weigh in the hell is President Michelle Obama

You know its illuminati if literally all the major artists are saying vote Obama

well done obama for not letting the moron win! HURRAY!

yeah I'm pretty sure thats why we were all so scared because  Obama seemed so obvious to us yet the US was half and half.

Stuntin on Martin Luther feelin jus like a #King #Obama

Mitt Romney , you lost . Go to sleep .

Obama should be our president, David Cameron is a useless cocking sucking twat #guysabellend

plz play sitolia by to go to obama

all good bro. pretty convincing for obama by the looks. liked his speech. spent day in nicu, so just catchin up now!

Obama Romney over#nychate it wen I open my twitter n see this shit

IN MY DEFENSE, THEY WERE GOING ON AND ON ABOUT ROMNEY'S MONEY PLAN AND DISREGARDED THE MAN'S ENTIRE VIEW OF WOMEN

i went mad obama's motivation ryt now

Someone in my FB timeline (who has a photograph of him with Margaret Thatcher as his avatar) is bashing Obama. LOLZ.

All these #movingtoaustralia tweets makes me ask - Do the Romney supporters realise we have a universal health system  welfare system?

Obama won with lesser evil. No more and no less. Unfortunately no cause for euphoria. #USelection2012

Well thank God for that. Oh, also, Mitt Romney finally became human in his concession speech, weird that, isn't it?

R  E  S  P. E. C. T !!!! OBAMA PROJECTED THE WINNER!!!!!!!!

And for those who think that Obama is left wing; he's not, Obama is about as left wing as David Cameron!

I'm gone rep. Obama all day today

My dad is totally going to fangirl over Obama's victory speech.

Our 44th President of the United States is Barack Obama. What a relief!!!

Lolo and Mommy are Romney while I'm Obama!!!

Elect me and I will do everything you want. Don't ask me how, I'll just do it. -  Mitt Romney Even the Americans weren't that stupid.

Look at the bright side, kids. We still have Obama and Bernanke to kick around.

Last time obama won i beat something up real good this time around we gone make sum Obama babys!!! SIKE

Barack Obama became president again today, what the fuck did you do you with your life?

'99 problems but Mitt Romney ain't one' haaaa

Well done Obama!! Think its what everyone was hopping for! #Obama2012

#ImSickOf Obama fucking up our economy

The greatest aspect of President Barack Obama's speech was the fact that he acknowledged everyone;americans,wife, daughters, campaign team

2termz yes I'm tweeting about Obama winning.who gives a shit better then ignorant ass Romney.that piece of fuck Obama shante u stay

Obama may be good but could he still do it on a cold Tuesday night in stoke!?

Woke up  Obama was still Prez, the Senate was Dems,  all my WI candidates won. Today's already a good day

So the myth is true Once you go black you never go back! #Obama

mobile site lists ten stories on Obama/US elections  no other headlines. Would that be the case for Aust elections? #auspol

Wow Romney had some awesome comments during one of his private fundraisers in Florida.  O.o

Shows what type of guy Romney is when such a big part of population is white and you still lose to the black guy #unlucky #idiot

I guess all those people threatening to move out of the U.S. if Mitt Romney was elected president now have a reason to stay. #election2012

Skewed perceptions: I'm glad the lesser evil won but - cthulhucore: Obama is still the president who

All the Alabama dudes just beating their wives and eatin corned beef right now It's not her fault Obama won bro!!!

OBAMA reelected: we  have overcome.

Obama's acceptance  Romney's congratulatory speech DVD already on sale Onitsha and Alaba int'l market. #NigeriaIHailThee.

Asi Obama sakn fi all white house  O his wife said they clean it Y3ni bndfo albeit da kolo :/

Damn can Obama be in his 2nd term for at least a year before we declare #Hillary2016

Question: Has any Presidential candidate in American history lost his home state as badly as Romney lost his? Just curious.

Romney is s(MITT)en, Obama is Ba(ra)ck!

na lie joor that's not obama's humble beginning, was he born there, nope so what are u guys on about?

!!!!!  Obama's crowd looks like America.

I woke up, only to find out Obama has been re-elected. Is there a better way to start the day? :) #fourmoreyears #yeswecan

Why are people piping up about Obama? This is England

I don't care for US politics.. but Obama seems like a cool dude

Dear Dinesh(USA). What's Keeping good work and 'drone-blessing on Pak!!!. Since both you and Obama are in USA Obama mi

American colleuges celebrate Obama's victory #election2012

Elections say pehlay romney ki chamchon ka mulk aur ab najoomiyon ka land of pure Pakistan! Now barack HUSSAIN Obama co. Pvt ltd.

I hear Obama woncan we throw the red flag and have this reviewed?

Best wishes to our President Obama!!!!!!!!!!

Barack Obama deserves a huge congratulations on winning his 2nd term in office. Congratulations Mr President!

Barack Hussain Obama Becomes the STRONGEST PERSON on the Planet ALL OVER AGAIN!

Everyone thought it would be really close between Obama and Romney. I knew it'd be a convincing win for Obama. Said it days ago!

Europe Markets: Europe stocks rise as Obama wins election  MARKETWATCH

Waking up to finding out Obama is president  #whyAmerica

I woke up so happy. Obama has been re-elected! #TeamObama

congratulations the big O. Relived. America I have to admit you had me worried for a minute, but you came through. Wish we had Obama here.

Just tried to open mitt romney page and it was blank. Lol.

[CBSNewsOnline] Former GOP pollster on where Romney failed, future of the party

Good Morning!! and the winner is OBAMA PRESIDENT!!!

Romney gone #OneBarnet next. Down with those who wish to profit from economic crisis!#OurBarnet mtg 8/11 7PM Greek Cypriot Centre N12 9RU

For me you Mr.Romney are the best choice!!! But the people choose!!! But in this time choose wrong! We need a person like you! God bless you

See all of that are saying obama is the anti christ should first of all go and get meaningful jobs!! U guys ar obviously very idle!

I think he voted on Obama

My LSS since I heard Obama won!

UNYA'G SI OBAMA NAKADAOG? MAGBALIK NA MI ANA?

Obama should be tankin all the rappers in the USA

My twitter feed last night: joyous tweets re Obama victory  tweets fr visiting homeless sleeping under bridge in Spokane.Sad

Pity Obama wont hv an opportunity 2 return d favor!

Why is Michelle Obama so god damn perfect? Honestly.

All the people who wanted Romney to win you're mentally challenged. #SorryNotSorry

R Inc happy with Obama's win; outsourcing still a concern - Hindustan Times

Cambodian Minister of Information says Barack Obama is not the boss of Hun Sen.

Ms. Obama Congratulations to u and your family. God was in charge all along; and it was ordained to b

Obama don forget to visit nw ur bck in charge

Sorry but Obama aint done nothing for me, my family or my country. Well Done to him for winning but honestly I don't really care _

Lessons from US elections 2012:  1) Quick acceptance of defeat by Mitt Romney with the aim of working together for country

But really I'm glad Obama won.

Is it too late for Mit Romney to join the I'm a Celebrity team in the jungle?

Hope is that stubborn thing inside us waiting for a better tomorrow as long as believe. Obama

FOX News: Obama win has U.S. investors staring at fiscal cliff

what's your reaction to Obama's reelection?

it's been almost 5 hours and noone has posted a picture of John Terry at the victory podium with Obama

the president Barrack Obama for your re-election.

Obama's win means  fewer hits on feds  a more activist government than if Romney had won:

Congratulation Mr. Barrack Obama :) i'm glad to hear that :)

Tweet of the day via  Kenyans are just cheer leaders of #Obama but if he was running in Kenya he would

Congrats obama..enjoy ur term while it lasts

Barack Obama's victory speech in full: THE president took to the stage in Chicago after claiming a decisive vict

good luck Obama  America believes in you!

Your private dealings must be as mysterious to the public as Barack Obama's sidechick. Even after the win, she's still keepi

With all the shit that got passed today d'ya think Obama could throw new episodes of workaholics on Netflix

props to my homie obama for bein awesome lol

Yaaaay obama won! So happy :)

Then if Obama wins, I will quickly meet a mate like that?

albeit said through gritted teeth - and clearly not as classy as Romney's 47% of his fellow countryfolk are wort

Look at gay marriage. If Obama had made that a key point in his campaign 4 years ago, it probably would've energized voters

Collision course of Obama administration and Catholic Church now fully assured; time for radical fidelity and civil d

Enhorabuena a Barack Obama.! !Four more years.!!

romney probably put on his crocs  got a five gallon tub of ice cream so he could sob all night

i feel bad for you, i feel bad for america, obama does not affect my contry so much but still.. this sucks

Go Obama, go. Beyond happy! :D #USA2012

Oh btw let's congratulate president obama :D

OBAMA baby 4 more years! Our votes do count!

Anyone have an article that gives a quick run down of the non-obama things that got voted through?

Very pleased to hear Obama has another 4 years.

congrats to mr. barrack obama for being re-elected as the president of usa. lead it wisely for another 4 years!!

Obama and Romney locked in tight swing state battle | ArabNews:  #Obama #Romney

More than half of my bbm contact list is #Obama's Face!!

Obama's acceptance speech should have ended with Sly and the Family Stone's 'You Can Make It If You Try.'

Obama wins election. Space skydiver punches lorry driver in the face. Donald Trump pissed off. What else is new world?

I remember how scary it was the first time Obama got elected, until my life wasn't affected at all.

Mayor of Minneapolis crowd surfing to celebrate Obama Winning = LEDGEND!

Dear #Obama, you won. Now get the fuck, off my TL

Bulawayo24 NEWS |  Barack Obama's Victory Speech for Election 2012!

Lool mitt romney should tweet another family picture

GeezCalifornia goes to Obama but they don't pass the proposition on GMO's?!? Lord, help us, we are obviously all messed up.

Best description I've heard of Romney yet . Lets hope he and his fellow dinosaurs become extinct !

#News #US debt prices pare gains as Obama rally fades

To everyone making a joke out of Romney's loss.. You will be the ones who end up on welfare. #goodluck

It's so nice when your favourite candidate wins! Good luck, president Obama!

i found out when I found out obama won

Hey.. I'm sorry Romney.. Hahahahahaha! #Forward2012 #Obama

I'm not a fan of Obama but it's better to see him in the White House again, at least he kept his promises, unlike his fellow politicians

I'm an Obama fan, but I am enjoying this tub of Ben  Jerry's Mint Romney

YESCH! President Barack Obama is still president! =D

Obama's win over Romney: The phrases 'the lesser of two evils' and 'better the devil you know' spring to mind #election2012 #Obama2012

Obama ignored cries for help sacrificed 4 Americans has  NOTHING TO DO W BUSH  Obama supports stop blaming BUSH

Clinton's convention speech may have sealed it for Obama

Hope Mr. Obama will win the election.

Just found out Obama has been re-elected.  #sevenhoursbehind

congrats to you! For, you know, Obama, etc. but mostly your hot dog.

Well jealous of all Obama's swings. They've just taken out all the equipment in the playground near where i grew up :(

Yes Obama#fourmoreyears. Now please can you guys all work together to pass some important bills on climate change,bank regulation etc?

I can't believe this. Gay rights. 51 states. Obama. Weed is legal??? This seems surreal and happy

Deejay Burn da Hitmaker the Offical Dj for the OBAMA BASH

Obama considers all Americans Romney  53% that,s why he lost You only look after your own kind consider this.

The Cake=ObamaNow for the Icing= Manchester United causing Havoc at Braga..GGMU certified (drops mic)(Obama

Whys every1buzzing about Obama?? His gonna do fuck all to change life's around here! But when it comes to our own election no1 gives a fuck!

Obama takes up a girl's letter about her dads. Inspiring!

Walking to the station, some woman just approached my cheering obama won

I plan to be able to say to mywife what Obama has beenable to say about his wifeafter 20 years of marriage.

Congrats to President Obama for his 2nd term re-election. Reducing the Deficit, ending the Wars  Health Care reform has worked.

The same way we have been gassed screaming Obama when it comes to voting for a new PM lets actually try and make something happen!

yes, but he tweeted that when the race was called for Obama, which at that time Rommy was leading in the popular vote

Congratulations, Mr. Obama! You can continue building your country!

Young Americans say they went #Obama cause he brought fun  cool 2 politics. He's down with them  drips swag

Yes Obama Can this really can be found?

mannnnnnnn was looking BEAUTIFUL tonight #noxtuesdays with her OBAMA shirts

BREAKING NEWSThe FBI has discovered that 'fake' ballots were cast in a number of states where Obama got a lot of

imagine all the people who voted for romney yesterday. they mad as shit right now that obama still in the white house. Lol #HATERS

Hey, nice! My county went nearly 2 to 1 for Obama.

Obama's speech had me in tears.

the funny weird part that the whole world is attached to the elections,and arabs/muslims have faith on Obama as saviour :D

Dem white folks heated yall watch ya self today..#obama

Hahaha, gotta give it to him tho.. He won it fair and sqquare nice one obama:)

OBAMA-OSAMA-OHLALA-  OBLADI-OBLADA-OLITU-

Obama's victory welcomed in Dublin: They may have been somewhat bleary-eyed from a lack of sleep but invited gue http

If Obama could do anything for me it would be a nice footrub and grease my scalp and help me cook my sugar wax. Real sol

I'm more happy that Romney lost than I am that Obama won

true, but you did bag me for saying Obama would beat whoever the Republicans put up. Hint: choose Christie next time.

I guess Lady Luck wasn't in Romney's binders full of women #4moreyears

Obama: 'We are not as divided as our politics suggest'. In #Nigeria, are we not more divided than our politics suggest?

Obama, you need 2 step up your game.

Obama won the election Great. Congrats all you americans x

I thought they were going to Australiaand people were going to Canada if Romney won? Over-analyzing?

Obama elected for a second time, and you make the headline #NotBad

People in uk are soooo excited about Obama winning ! Not even the Americans are that excited

If Romney win..Bitches will no longer Just Pop Dat Pussy Fo A Real Nigga.. They gone pop it for the Rent  A Me

Yea, Obamacare was implemented just because it was popular and Obama would harvest votes from it #sarcasm

Only just found out Obama is still president #lolgoodonebonnie

I find the amount of Romney supporters frightening and although thank god #Obama won this shouldn't be ignored

Obama makes you just wana b american #team obama

I imagine now that Obama's won, David Cameron is terrified he'll make him eat hotdogs in public again

Wearing my 'O' sweater for Obama today!

'Mitt Romney conceded defeat a few hours ago.' Good. The man's an arse.

Today the first thing Eldest did when she woke up was to check if Obama won. Second thing was to cheer.

Big Bird takes a jab at Mitt Romney:Right back at ya !

Great news hearing Obama has been elected as president again!

Obama won We are offically screwed for 4 more years.

Brother Romney it was an honor to vote for such a great man.  You reminded us of our greatness.  The people voted for handouts.

Congrats Obama. You saved many nations and states from Romney's hand. o,.o

Team Obama works 'arrrrrrrd for the 3 points tonight, but can they do it on a cold wet windy Tuesday night in Stoke? #PulisHouse

Paws Up: Katy Perry, Lady GaGa, Justin Bieber and More React to Obama's Win in  - AceShowbiz -

_Beyonce Joins Instagram, Supports Barack Obama in First Pic

Our nation won yesterday. Congratulations President Barack Obama on a 2nd term!

Obama : the best is yet to come Yay U WIN

Woohoo and Obama is President for another term!! Actually was getting nervous for the world, it was too close to call! #CongratsObama

I wasn't online or awake, so I just found out a bit ago that Obama won re-election! Let's all hug! #OBAMA

Romney would have invaded us :/

OBAMA WIN - Thanks  for your contribute Marshawn - ( - Italian web support

Is pleased for the World that Obama has won! #obamarules

GLOBAL MARKETS: US Treasurys, Stocks, Gold Surge after Obama Win - Wall Street Journal

The IQ levels of Mitt Romney and Barack Obama were similar, but see how they used it.

So happy Obama has won!! Go Obama

In 08 Romney failed to win GOP nomination. Has anyone lost, and later won nomination and gone on to win Presidential election?

Needs to eat more pork pies to get Obama to Gary Barlow status right?

Women have the power! Male 45% Obama, 52% RomneyFemale 55% Obama 44% Romney #election2012

Stars support Obama's victory: A host of Hollywood stars, including Eva Longoria, Zoe Saldana and Olivia Wilde, all

Vote for #'MarriageEquality in Maine  2 other states, openly gay senator elected in Wisconsin  Mr Obama in again woop #4moreyears

Double win for Chicago with Obama getting re-elected and the Bulls beating the Magic

GREAT!! Were done. Obama won.He is gonna drive the US to the ground!! (well if he doesn't get assassinated 1st ;)

So Obama won not the greatest President, but at least the world avoided yet another dimwit Republican.

Obama is President, i have a day off of school and is doing his livestream tonight. All is good in the world.

is like a zombie ! worth staying up / waking up early to see the results   The right man won ! #Obama

Kred e-mails me the non-surprising statistic that Obama had more Kred than Romney. Although not by much.

its creeepy! So apparently Australia likes Obama annd is socialist  im not moving there

De NME Bob Dylan posts his first ever Facebook status update: Singer congratulates Barack Obama on election victory

would you rather have seen Romney take charge?

I look forward to sitting down with Romney to talk about where we can work together to move this country forward. Obama

Why not just leak ONE song Even the tired Old Queen Madonna herself stripped down on stage for President Obama it's not shockingM

there's no political difference whatsoever, if you or anyone thinks Obama pulls the strings you're a complete pansy

Great standup from (truth plus belly laughs, a winning combo); awoke to excellent Obama news, and Donald Trump in meltdown. Win!

Why do we love Obama so much?? Could it be because he represents the rest of the world??

Lmaoooo Obama smashed Romneyalmost by 100 electoral votes

congratulati0ns Pres. Barack Obama for the 2nd term of Presidency. You deserve it :)

I'm glad Obama won America has chosen well. If Romney had been successful I think you would be at war forever

yes!Twinnie, congrats Obama won again.I'm fine, started my gym once more and can't hide my happiness.I've lost 27lbs so far.

Of cos Obama won..u knw wat dey say once u go black u neva go back#viva Obama!

Stars celebrate Obama victory: Eva Longoria has posted a picture of herself cheering as Bar  #teamfollowback #f4f

Congratulations to Obama and I hope he has a successful presidential term

haya  obama kashinda watu eeeeeeeeeeeeeee hivi how are u going to benefit from ushindi wake?hebu nipisheni huko

if one more white bull talk shit on obama he gettin trashed by mfl

Pleased that Obama has been reelected.

question of today is who is obama going to blame the last 4 yrs on.

Way to go America. No to Romney, gay marriage, gay senator, legalized marijuana, I'm impressed.

u didn't think I was serious bwt that shit :O obviously I'm obama all the way u nerd! =)) lol

Well it looks like Obama won the election so now gas prices will be $6

being married 43 years with 5 children,16 grandchildren and a net worth of between $190- $250 million' Mitt Romney wont be crying tonight'

American friends, please write your Senators and Reps NOW, urging them to work with Obama,

Oh Hey. I Did Wake Up To See Obama As President !

Obama must make renewed bipartisan effort (Financial Times): Share With Friends:  |  | Politics - US Stories, RS

Thank you America, we can all sleep safely in our beds for another 4 years without world war 3 #Obama

Wait and see Ida Odinga pull an Abdulcollo on Obama. #NF please #FB #TeamObama

Funny to see how almost all of my Twitter and Facebook timeslines are full of cheers for Obama. #goodcompany #TeamObama

I swear this country is more arsed about Obama than our parliament :)

Mine would be , the pussycat dolls, , and michelle obama What was the question again?

Wait guys who's mitt Romney it sounds familiar but I can't put my finger on it

rumours have it Romney is going to start producing EDM.

Bro, now that Obama has won the elections, you can continue playing marbles with him for another 4 years. :-)

55% of women voted for Obama and the Democrats. His reelection: Great news for women's rights.

#TeamObama oh obama is still the president congrats mr president.

Now that Obama has won *rolling my eyes*, can we pls face other matters?

was amazed to see my reaction when Obama was re-elected.

THE CELEBRATION WE JUST HAD FOR OBAMA

I believe I said for weeks that Obama would get 300+ votes in the College. #election2012 #GOBAMA

Trading Advantage Stocks gain, dollar slips on Obama win: Stocks gain, dollar slips on Obama win

its issue based politics and not fanaticism, not even sycophancy Thats how Romney lost in his

so glad Obama won, he's just so cute!

Seeing some kids just be absolutely racist towards Obama. It's 2012, pull your head out of your ass, you ignorant fuck.

Obama wins!Yes, he can again

BREAKING: Romney offshore fund turns tidy $100 billion-dollar profit short-selling futures of lame Mitt Romney jokes.

Obama, Osama. Very similar name, very different people.

(AP) #Britain's prime minister says #Obama must do more to end #Syria's civil war, urges him to join UK in direct talks with rebels.

glad obama back in the white house though ;)

No Trump, the world is laughing at YOU for your stupid tactics- $5m to get Obama to prove he's really born in Africa. #shame

Photo: Yes they did! #obama #teamobama well done #usa

While media is busy with Obama,closer home guess SP is doing all it can to help Anil in 2G scam. Anyway back to Gadkari after obama euphoria

Was thinking about the money they've spend on their campaigns..and how that money could have help ppl in need#obama #romney #america #usa

President Obama and the Democrats win 4 more years! Check out some of the best photos of the day here:

Yayyyyyy Thank god.. barack obama song would've sounded shit if it used mitt romney!

Best bit is he's wrong, Obama had 52% of the vote anyway. Colossal bellend regardless though.

Well done Americans maybe there is hope for you after all. #Obama

Obama needs to remain president in my eyes! #personalopinion

I think It's because we've all given up on our own government, I think we need an #Obama

Good to see #Obama back in charge. Still laughing at Donald trumps rant!

I am blessed to be alive in a time of history to witness one of the GREATEST Figures of the 21st Century. #BarackObama #Obama

#obamafail Arizona voters back Romney's failed campaign - Arizona Daily Sun  romney wins #debate

Arab world congratulates Obama, hopes for more support in second term

well, Pratibha patil calls to Obama  sir wo 'Paratha' banane wali ki jarrorat ho to bata dena, abhi main free hu.

Pres. Barack Obama is the 1st since FDR to be re-elected with 50%+ of the vote. POW!

Fiscal cliff and Middle East among issues piling up in Barack Obama's in-tray

Romney spent 500 million dollars on his campaign and he still lost

What shite! Gates (Sec Defence) + Bernanke (FedHead) both Repub/GOP appointees Obama kept on. Can we just get basic facts right??

If USA was Nigeria, today's headlines will read:I will not accept results, Romney tells Obama (Nigerian Tribune)

OKAY IM BACK FROM SCHOOL WHO WON THE ELECTION PLEASE SAY OBAMA

Ahhhaaa Americans tried to embarrass, disrespect, and belittle President Obama but still he came out on top! #CongratulationsObama!

orbit 55  60  in 24 hrs really thankful to sir Obama

I would love to hear from Obama supporters about what they think the election results mean to the country. It

Major markets flat on Obama win - 7 November 2012 Last updated at 03:31 ET Continue reading the main story Major sha

jiwa mines minerals Analysis: Obama re-election driven by economy, turnout: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Growing optim

#autofollow For Barack Obama, a second chance: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Barack Obama swept into the White House four year  #nowfollowing

Obama Wins !! I ws doubtful dis morning It was sooo Close *-*

Its 330 in the Morning and i just found out Obama won. YEAAAAAAAAAA!!!

Just woken up to find out #Obama is still in power! #ThankGod

I don't understand why America would prefer Obama over Mitt Romney. Do you even realise where America is heading now?

stoppp being a hater brooklynn , hahahaha; you know you love obama:)

Good job, #Obama! Now us Canucks need our own election to get rid of our openly anti-Canadian Prime Minister.

How was it so close if I've never heard of anyone who voted for #romney? Is it because those people don't have computers or smart phones?

but obama has been worse than bush both in wars and restricting freedoms within the usa

A michelle obama on the streets but a porn star in the sheets

Such a good day!! :) I woke up and turned on the TV and what did I see? Obama is president again!!!  :)

I can't believe how upset people are over Romney losing; good news for you: Obama  Romney are the same on every important issue #cokeVpepsi

Awwww,even the kids love Obama 3

Your all lovin Obama because he's black. do any of you know his polices? what he stands for? I doubt it #Truth

Congrats to president Barack Obama for getting that 4 more years in office!

Rumor: Republican  Democrat supporters clash in Ketu and Ajangbadi, 14 dead #Romney threatens more heads will roll

Michelle Obama is an amazon. This sounds racist but it isn't

Obama goes to the White House again

I'm glad Obama won..I have no idea what he actually does but the fact that he's making it, I respect that

Obama: #39;We have picked ourselves up,#39; fought back  #CHS

ugh im ready for everyone to attack me with how great obama is and how stupid i am for thinking romney would win. #woo

RT for Obama. Favourite for Obama. Step on lego for Romney.

Does anyone know if Obama's in later? My mummy has a card for him she wants me to throw through the letterbox #election2012

congrats to Obama. I'm not going to be in a bad mood today because of it. thanks

Although I don't think he has done a good job thus far, good thing Obama won over that nutter Mitt Romney

Can't believe I didn't see any Aussies making 'Barrack' for Obama jokes. Or maybe I'm just that lame.

You can celebrate Obama's triumph, but keep a sharp eye on what he does next.

Why is Florida still not firm for Obama? It's either light blue or grey (tossup) on every up to date map I've seen. HE WON IT, RIGHT?

Congratulations to Obama, didn't like the look of Romney as presidential candidate. Right man for the job!

And I thought Mitt Romney was going to win.. =)))) Nice Obama! :D

GA ! Congrats ! Yes, from the day one I wanted Obama to win ! :)

Yes I get it Obama won im really happy actually .

Heard that Obama is still in! Another 4 years of fixing America should do the trick :)

Bcos he is a black man supporting gay marriage, its hard enough to find a black man that supports straight marriage #ChrisRock #obama

Waking up to news that Barack Obama will have his second term. It's going to be a good day.

Fantastic news, Obama has another term. The Tea Party has been too active and given the Republican Party a lot of bad press. :)

#FOREX BUSINESS Analysis: Obama re-election driven by economy, turnout

obama and the sweet smell of success or he who Dior's wins?

Peoples can do for them who can do for peoples. Barack Obama will do better for a best America.

OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMAAAAAA ! #Obama2012

Romney was very well spoken in his  consession speech. Lost with grace.

EEUU reelige a Barack Obama ( we are so happy in venezuela )

Obama look-alike Gabe Norwood with the putback dunk!

And so Obama won.and? idc like a give a fuck. IDEGAF

If you missed Obama's speech come into iPTT 124 listen to Talk..LMFAO

How so? You more or less said the same thing with Obama. Judging by his record  the Congress results, the GOP will win.

that's what google's for. And it would be sooo much worse if Romney was president he only cares about rich people

Never mind Obama winning, Neil Gaiman is writing an episode of Dr.Who that includes Cybermen!! That's what I'm

It's lucky for America that Obama won, because if he didn't, the rest of the world would of hated them :):).

They are actually twins. LOL!! The Obama VICTORY handshake at Michael's Cafe!!

ofcos Obama wonu knw watthey say, once u go black u nevago back!#VivaObama

im kinda glad that Obama won since he didnt have enough time to clean the mess after Bush administration

Is it sad that when I was doubting that Obama had won according to REAL polls, I turned to Twitter to see what Celebs were saying?

if i see one more picture of obama im going to throw up #heissougly

I found this picture really cute! #Obama

has to be said, obama is one inspiring cunt..

time to GET HYPED for 2016! who will run for the democrats? will romney return?

The ignorance I'm seeing towards #mormons is terrible and the racist remarks towards #OBAMA is just disgusting

Asoebi 4 Obama's inauguration is out retweet if u want pls.

I bet I am gonna hear something about Obama at least 20 times today..

Congrats . Do better on this term please =)) Congrats Obama #Obama2012

Romney=D.I.C.K Obama=unfulfilled promises, So no America U didn't get a Victory #CorruptGovernment #ThatIsAll

now to watch Romney's concession speech :D

Now I can sleep good knowing that OBAMA is our president again.

I'LL SEE YOU AGAIN OBAMA BOY

#Music artists speak out for Romney, Ryan: Korina Lopez. Korina Lopez covers #music and pop culture, focusing on

Obama second term: What it means for Africa: Africans expected more from the son of man who grew up herding goat

Celebrate those worth celebrating! Stop hating and celebrate Obama!

All these people saying thank god Obama got re-elected, I (like most of them) just like Obama and don't know if he's a good

Awwwh! Obama declaring his love for his wife in his speech! :) #toocute

Up for the morning. So amped tht Obama is still THE president!

I'm happy that Obama has won but even happier are gonna stop pretending they're into World politics just because they know who he is #fickle

Woke up happy af # Obama 2012

Not having a good day. I would really need several victories of Obama to improve it :-P #USA2012

It's a sad day for America, Obama won from the electoral vote but lost the popular vote..it wasn't Americas decision

Obama wins the US election. Congrats!

Nope. Romney is losing the popular vote by 2.2 million. The tally didn't stop just because you went to bed early.

It was easy to wake up with the outcome! Who needs coffee w/ Obama still in charge?

It's all so anti climatic that Obama won now, it's like 'nothing's changed, carry on'I think a part of me wanted to see Romney win just

Woke up switched on my tv to see Mitt Romney. Was worried for a few minutes.

Well, mr. pres., gonna have to stop blaming your messes in on the last guy. #takeresponsibilityplease #obama

Nigerians won't leave Obama..which one is asoebi for innaugration..you neva see ghana your talkin US.

Glad Mr O aka #OBAMA !! Got another 4!! #Personofcolourinpower it's a #biglook !

what a good feeling u wake up and Obama white house 4more years!for those who didnt vote for him give him another chance#democratie

it's a shame that his personality isn't as likable as Obama. After all #election2012 was like a high school SRC popular contest.

Thank you president for not losing to this cracker ass nigga Romney,now we don't have to go back to the cotton field.

Last Night My TL WAs Like Obama Fuck Romney and #oomf a Hoe Now Its Back Like It Use To Be -___-

The Taoiseach and the opposition have sent their congratulations to Barack Obama, follow our liveblog for the latest

To those conservatives who prayed for Romney and said God would do what's best for the election: good luck explaining that one.

ONCE AGAIN OBAMA SHOWED US HE WILL WIN AN YES WE CAN #OBAMA

Love how us english people love obama, and he doesn't even affect our government or country!

Hehe! I seriously was ready to get it on.. _ I mean.. look, it's Obama. o/

Oh wait a black guy won against a white rich religious extremist in the election? Faith in humanity restored. #obama #election2012 #Mormon

I feel so sorry for Mitt Romney, but sorrier for the country that will never have him as president. - wtf, really wtf?

Oh thank the Mormon space god for bringing the mighty Mitt into power. Wait Who won? Oh. Yay Obama.

Romney still could have attacked Obama. Everyone in Ohio is not an auto worker who got bailout. Resentment cuts both ways.

or less (as stabbing Romney in the back) as GOP nominee in 2016. I expect it will be forgotten then anyway. GOP will want to win

Waking up to find following you on Twitter and Obama having won the election makes today a most magical day! #Thegoodlife

Obama is Obama is reelected, you must be happy :) xoxo

My only silver lining is we don't have to worry about idiots rioting. #Romney #Godhatesus

YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW HAPPY I AM THAT OBAMA WON seriously lol

Am I going to school? Prolly but maybe I don't have to,god I hope I don't have to,I don't whnna hear bout obama all damn day

Obama Got 4 More Years This Race Is Over!!

Obama is the winner though So that means he played the game and came out on top. #JRsfavouritepasttime

Congratulation to Presidet Obama again! Democrat won! Happy Election Day :)

OBAMAOBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA

Phew! My uterus just breathed a sigh of relief. #Obama

i was gonna cry if i woke up and Romney won

#hulu Decision 2012 - Obama Faces Perilous Challenges Abroad: Difficult situations remain for President Obama in

Remember Barack Obama is a symbol of all the progress, emancipation and suffrage that you actively work against. He also won

#mp3.#EUR.#Europe Escobar: Billion-dollar, one-party machine behind Obama victory: Escobar: Billion-dollar,

Romney bitch ass nigga thought you was go beat my president

Obama Has Been Re-elected ! :D

I gave Obama a chance for his first term but now that he hasn't done shit I am just pissed.

*****King Congratulates President Barack Obama*****Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques, King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz Al Saud has sent a

Whoever voted for Obama,you're a fuck tard.  #fucked

I don't really expect Obama to reverse course on drones, wetworks, prosecution of whistleblowers etc.; sad by itself. 'Yes,

YAY Obama won! What a great man :)

Just waking up to the news, congrats Obama :)

Despite quibble by Republican election guru, Ohio went for Obama: COLUMBUS, Ohio (Reuters) - For  #politics #news

Your duty as half the popular vote was not for President Obama is to proceed to impeachment hearings for WPR'73 Libya '11.

Why does Romney's congratulations of Obama sound like a threat?

that's why dey all were so interested in d election and supporting Obama,later they talk about racism when they do it themselves

The audacity to hope again. My take on President Obama's re-election. Via  #4moreyears America

I need an Obama shirt for me  Jay !!

she was talk'n abou Obama say'n he only needed to get 2 some .

maybe Obama can get u some

Congrats Mr Obama on being reelected the President of US.

Obama will drain the US economy, plunge it further into debt, destroy  economy and go ahead with his instructions to

Obama won the elections..that exam paper didn't rape me this morning #GodisGreat

lol thas a priceless pic there..disgust all on her face..but thas how we feel bout romney

why do you care if obama wins?

You knw y its called the American dream? Bcoz u hav to be asleep to believe it Obama n Romney are heads of the same dragon!

Obama bro once you go black you never come back. That shit #True Lmao

It was obvious Obama would win the election really, once you go black you never back #TeamObama

This morning, I'm enjoying singing 'Barack Obama' to the tune of popular cockney catchphrase 'Have A Banana'.

ONCE YOU GO BLACK YOU NEVER GO BACK!!!!!!1 YES OBAMA

Happy to know that Obama is getting his 2terms :)

#TeamObama thank god that robot alien Romney wasn't elected The Americans aren't THAT stupid then

I saw on tv ! they are so happy ..oh! you happy.im so glad for u and obama!!

Man, I wish I was even half as good at public speaking as Obama is. That speech was epic. Wonder what Mittens would have said?

We go obama all the way

watching Obama's speech kind of makes me wish i was american.

#US: #Obama has left his house and is on the way to the #Chicago event: #election2012

Well, that's a blessed relief. At least now, hopefully, Obama can go at it without worrying about re-election and achieve something!

Chase  K so obama won! But i was gonna ask why would anyone name there child Mitt it's not like oh look a boy lets name him mitt  TBrown

IN PICS: Beyonce and Lady Gaga among celebs celebrating Barack Obama victory CELEBS across America have b #Rossendale

Ceeeelebrate good Obama OBAMA! Its Obama Obama. #goodforus #RandyMarsh knows what's up But seriously. What

Congrats Haven't we come a long way, gay men can show their love  devotion in public  #Obama is re-elected. #BBAU AWESOME!

who do you like?  Romney or Obamse? xD

Anyone saying they're moving to Australia because Obama won can stay right where they are. We are already at maximum f***wit occupancy.

I added a video to a playlist  Obama and Romney Polling Results Live Updates (TV5)

My headass civics teacher is about to be blown and talk mad shit about Obama today.

So Obama won 4 more yrs

We know Obama. That's why we love you man!

says the guy who didn't bother to vote, not even for a republican dipshit like Romney

Obama was easily gonna win, he's cool black and hung like a donkey, why would you even doubt him

Lifestyle: American stars react to Barack Obama's election win: As Barack Obama celebrates his win with his fami htt

It takes alot of courage to support gay marriges.. Obama is like the coolest president ever!

Everyone talking about how Obama won how about the fact that Romney only 2 million more Americans thought Obama deserved the job LMAO

Waking up to good ass news!  #obama

Major victory of the day goes to President Obama for his re-election; a good omen for progressives worldwide and bad news for right-wingers.

Barack Obama Wins Second Term As US President |   via

Well, I hope Obama makes something positive happen.

The US Presidential Race and Election in Pictures via #USElection #Obama #Romney #Election2012 #Obama2012

Welcome to the footnotes of history, Mitt Romney.

Well obama won, and i'm not surprised but congrads. Idc who won I just have my own view of things.

YAY! Obama! Equality for everyone. My faith in people has definately been reassured

I dont wanna hear nothing about obama for a next four years that niggur fxckin up my tl.kmt

why cant barack obama be our president im ashamed of you. not australia. you. #LegalizeGayMarriageInAustralia

World News: David Cameron congratulates Obama: Prime Minister David Cameron has sent his congratulations to Bara

Yeeeeesss !  Woke up to The News that Obama won ;D The world is proud of you America !

Obama won, it means progress and peace for the next four years! OBAMAWON! by carolinacollio

Let's!  Now that Obama has wonlet's focus on Mangaung.

Alert: Obama is white, he supports gay marriage, while most black men don't even support straight marriage

Obama won the electionI'm moving to Canada asap

A presidential-size turnout resonates through Key West: The furious finish between President Barack Obama  #miami

What a great day for America! Go Obama! What are your thoughts?! #Obama2012

China is probably pissed that Obama won. LOOKS LIKE WERE STILL GUNNA B BORROWING MONEY FROM CHINA!!!!!!!!!

Congrats to Obama. Even tho i'm not American :)

I will never, EVER understand why anyone voted against Obama.

President Obama Victory Speech 2012 - Full:  via

Seriously, Obama won the elections!? Poor Americansyou might as well move to the Netherlands! :P

Here, Romney blames america's Gun problem on SINGLE PARENTS? whut? (Obama had a single parent)

the white guy william pike star newspaper MD watchin #obama Uploaded via

yup that's right you go obama!

Omg thank goddess waking up to see Obama win

Among the most remarkable congratulatory calls to Obama from world leaders was apparently a blank call from 7 Race Course Road.

Feels good to wake up victoriously!!! #Obama/Biden

C-Biz Design - Obama Victory Brings a Welcome for the Familiar Abroad: World leaders are vying for favor as Pres

Super enthusiastic about Barack Obama! #USElection2012 #4moreyears

#OBAMA .. You have made me a better president and I promise to uphold that status..#Oh America.

Fitch:  No fiscal honeymoon for President Obama: US could lose their AAA rating if fiscal issues remain unresolv

Jus remember he not all da way black he has white n him.. But y'all still DNt like him I DNt understand.. But I like him go head Obama do u.

About to board to my #KLM flight (KL611) to #Chicago. Exciting to go there just after Obama's win. Wondering how the vibe is over there.

Congratulations to President Barack Obama for getting another 4 years in office. It's fair to say that the world

Slept through the election knowing I would of spent all night watching it, too ill to do that. Congrats Obama! Four more years!

Truu, But Not No More Though. Obama Back In Office. #2Terms

Waking up to Obama winning the election. Yuuup! Bad day for all the Romney supporters here!

If Romney Win, Im Going To School Dressed In A Tank Top And Gym Shorts Ready To Fight The First Bitch Who LOOK Like T

VIDEO: 'It Does Not Matter If You Are Gay Or Straight' - Barack Obama's  (full) Victory Speech now available here!

Barack Obama wins another 4 years! ;D

In Australia Ben wins Big Brother, in the USA Barack Obama wins the election  I think that's about equal ;P

Congrats Obama! Why am I more interested in america's election than my own country's :O

Congratulations Barack Obama on becoming President for successive time.

Woke up to Obama being presidentt! (; 4 more yearss nigga!!

My time line is literally about Obama winning lol

REPOST: Obama celebrates 'four more years' with picture of his wife

Congratulations to #Obama - I suppose after everything it means he doesnt have the stress of moving house

My #Isagenix 30 Day Cleanse  #Fat Burning #Diet - 23lbs 26 days  #dwts #romney #fitness #boomers

Once again I say fuck Obama

I heard that this term Obama is not singing Al Green, he's going with young Jeezy. Lol

We thank you as Obama won America, Bishop n Pastor elect will win nations to you Jesus.

We aint gotta go to mexico n obama won (:

I think that Obama  crew will wish to hell they'd left him in congress.Pretty

Im wearing my Obama half shirt today ! And imma sing . So warning : My shit finna hang out .

Extremely glad that plonker Romney hasn't been elected,as should anybody who is homosexual/female/has more than 3 brai

Just read on  Congrats obama XD

I wanna how my Some of my teachers feel today because some of them voted  Romney for teachers They ain't so smart lol #OBAMANationnnnnnn

Off work  happy to say my President is still Obama!! Was in work hyyype!!

Knew #Obama was gonna win from the VERY BEGINNING #FAITH

Romney loses his home state by a landslide, despite the fact his immediate family make up literally 27% of the elec

Thank god Obama won holy shit. Now everyone can live in peace.

#dearfuturechildren sorry obama fucked u guys over

Mitt Romney face looks different now that that smug smile is gone.

OBAMA, OBAMA,  OBAMA,  OBAMA, OBAMA,  OBAMA,  OSAMA o/,  OBAMA,  OBAMA,  OBAMA,  OBAMA,  OBAMA,  OBAMA,  OBAMA,  OBAMA,  OBAMA,  OBAMA!

I truly liked Romney, too. He had exactly what it takes to lead this country, and keep us respected b

Soo glad that Romney did not win.

so who does obama blame for the mess he inherited this time?

Honestly tho, Obama is bad cute and I just love him loads

Waking up to find that my president is Barack Obama is such a great feeling. THANK DA LAWD

Congratulations to President Obama for winning the reelection!!!

not against obama's victory don't quote me wrong. Obama/romney iam indifferent but mk naija no carry

Sooooo Obama is da prezzie, good thing

Live: Barack Obama, Mitt Romney in final stretch of election 2012

Obama wins Virginia and the White House.  What does that mean for the next four years? Listen to the Morningline:

Didnt wnt 2 finish watching the election lastnight i thought Romney was gne win but i prayed and he let #Obama win

yea,Fuck Romney,Team Obama

Obama won last night or nah?

or maybe women wanted to keep their rights, and Obama was the only one who could provide that. What's done is done.

America had already gone black.. And here it's once again going black.. Congrats Obama on wining.

I was gettin a little nervous but.WE WON!!!! GO OBAMA!!#Obama #election2012 #2terms

We are one nation under God. Not one under Romney nor Obama. That's wut we have to remember

Obama aint gonna save you!!

I said from day 1 I, personally, think Obama is 1 of the best people we had as a pres..just NOT a good President

Drove down Romney Road this morning It was full of traffic and wasn't a very nice road.. #ratherfitting #USElection

d'ya reckon Obama would run away if he saw Claire's Halloween outfit?

Vergissen is menselijk! George Bush Accidently Votes For Obama

Top story: Barack Obama Tweets Victory in 2012 Presidential Election  see more

Obama, no more complaining about the previous administration. It's all you. #election2012

Someone just said I was a lesbian because I supported Obama. Somanycomebacks

My nomination for #usefulidiot is NJ gov Chris Christie. #Obama used him in the Sandy photo ops.

SOOOOOOOO DID YOU TAKE THAT PILL????!!!!!!!!!!! CUZ GUESS WHAT OBAMA IS OUR PRESIDENT AGAIN BITCH!!!!!!!!!!! how you like it???

Damn Mitchell's Obama pussy is done by now

No fiscal honeymoon for Obama as Fitch Ratings calls on U.S. officials to resolve the 'fiscal cliff' #Election2012 http

Congratulations President Obama! I am so  #Proud :)

the expression on Carl Roves face when Fox called it for Obama was wonderful to see. He tried to buy the country and failed.

Yay another four years of Obama taking my parents money and giving it to people who don't do shit #thanks

I wouldn't even get so mad If the people opposing Obama . Could make any sense Ever!!!!

See in a few years if #Obama gives up the old US politics game, send him to the UK to sort this crap hole out? Cheers America #Election

President Obama is projected to win Nevada, putting the electoral vote as Obama, 303, and Gov. Romney, 206.

You blamed Johnson for Romney's loss. Why don't you refute my argument?

alright we get it, obama is still our president. Shut up now.

but almost forgot, go suck romney's salty ass balls now.  Feel bad when them niggers get ya lol

actually I was reading only for PA. Did he Romney win in # of votes?

god bless the usa President  Obama greatly! q happiness kisses from Ecuador

Obama or Romney ? Does It Matter? Great post from Andrew!Clark at

Obama wins. But will his Middle East policy change?

What up twittervillewe made history not only did obama win the white house he kept itto all the salty folksMaybe next time!

Four more years, thank you: Obama - IANS: NorthEscambia.comFour more years, thank you: ObamaIANSOne of the USPs

Obama isnt as great as everyone thinks, but it was a mighty relief to wake up and find out Romney isn't in power.

Damn i forgot to do this work *sighs* thanks obama

I had a nightmare that Romney won! #whew #ObamaReElected :D

Our country is now set up to fail..Another 4 years of Obama means the end of our futures. Everyone who voted Obama.. Your insane.

I can't wait until school, I'll get to hear ALL day from EVERYONE, about this freaking election  how romney lost. #ohjoy

Obama is still our president!! WOOP WOOP!

Like my football picks, all me election picks lost yesterday. In the final analysis, Romney = Kerry. Unlikable. Unwinnable. #ThurstonHowell

I love how some states were still voting when it was called for Obama. DEMOCRACY! :D

So Citizens United did not mean that corporations can buy every election? Or is Obama is a corporate stooge?

Both candidates (McCain in '08  Romney in '12) gave sincere concession speeches. 2 bad for them that they waited so long to show themselves

Wake up to Obama winning :D THIS IS AWESOME!!!

And before people throw a hissy fit- I didn't vote for Romney and I didn't vote for Obama. #UnderdogSon

70% of #Latina/os #voted for President #Obama.  #GOP was sent a wake up call.evolve or die a slow death of #exclusion!

hey what happened?? Obama won, so isnt it like time to party.. hehehe

Mitt Romney, Tried To Take Away Our Shit Its Already Hard Enough Out Here Bitch.

Money in politics: Top 5 lists for this election: As voters re-elected President Barack Obama on Tuesday we alre

VIDEO: Obama's granny does victory dance: Sarah Obama, the US president's step-grandmother, leads people in the

obama is home and dry.hail the new president.the first to be re-elected

Dang. I Bet Them Romney Fans Is Salty ass fck but aye S/o To Y'all For Trying To Get That Bitch ass Nigga as President. #ObamaNation :)

What will #Obama 's second term mean for the world? correspondents make their assessments:  #USElection

In my wildest dreams I never thought I'd watch Obama's victory speech with 8-term Republican Congressman Elton Gallegly.

It's official the second go round #OnToTheNextOne #Obama

MITT ROMNEY DATS DAT BITCH I DONT LIKE!

if i hear one person at school today brag about Obama wining my foot is going to there face.

This happy feeling will not last long this morning #Obama. Man power meeting at 6:30

One of the Repulicans own tweeted, 'look on the bright side, at least we don't have to pretend to like Romney

Now that we voted Obama in office we gotta focus on voting JJ for homecoming king

danielle asked me why i care so much obama was re elected because it ''doesnt effect me'' i say #TEAMSPIRIT #TEAMAMERICA #WANNALIVETHERE

today i shall be happy as fuck because OBAMA FUCKING WON BITCHES!!!!

Congrats Barrack Obama from Indonesia!!

Very happy this Am Thanks to Obama ! Goodmorning !!

lol like romney would destroy it ? xD

Nope. Not done seeing election talk. Now all the Romney ppl are being crybaby little bitches. Smfh. Get over it.

Congrats to Pres.Obama for winning again as a President in United States of America for 6 yrs term.

Tbh I kinda expected Obama to be re-elected

I see a lot of my military friends aren't happy about Obama's reelection.

Obama's speech was mad tho! Think imma put it on my gym ipod

Everyone complaining about Obama isn't going to change the fact that he's our president for the next four years.

Obama winning another four years great! MIT Romney's face giving his loosing speech PRICELESS,,,,,,,

All excitement for me 2day! Double victory! #Obama #MUFC

Barack Obama re-elected as the 24th President

Obama menang, time to party with Pak Yono.

RT Bill Clinton was 1st person President Obama called after receiving concession call from Mitt Romney, c

I don't know why everyone is so upset, we'd be just as screwed if Romney won

It excites me that Obama has another chance to help this country, God knows he deserves it.

My Mom Comes In My Room  Says 'We're All Fucked' Lol . I'm Guessing She Didn't Vote For Obama :

YEEEEEESSSSSSSHAJKALKJDKS. Excuse my delayed celebration butI just woke to find Obama has won.

just found out Obama is our new president #ohlordy

Thinkin U could beat me or Obama

Obama was the FIRST African-American President. Now Obama is the first African-American President to win 2 terms! #Obam

Obama or Romney idk, but I do know that tomorrow is Wednesday, and on Wednesdays, we wear pink.

The ones who voted for Obama cause hes black ? Yall some ignorant asses cause hes HALF black HALF white ! Its about his VIEWS NOT SKIN COLOR

China says Obama win offers opportunity to mend ties - BEIJING (Reuters) - China's official media said on Thursday t

and this just in from the Obama after party

yah I heard! Is this one as bad as sandy? You happy for Obama? ;D

I'm excited to hear Obama's reaction to CO's Mary Jane legalization. Hmmmm.

All I see on Instagram is how Obama won..

Obama won the election. What a great way for my day to start.

English question tag,Obama won the election didn't he?Kiswahili,Obama alishinda uchaguzi kushinda nayo?RT

Leave it to the Brits to spell Obama's name wrong in The UK Times newspaper while declaring that he has been re-elected as US President

Congrats Obama..Very proud to be around to see this memorable moment..

I MET OBAMA WHEN I WAS LIKE FOUR AND FROM THEN PN, I WAS RAISES WITH HOW MY DAD WANTED OBAMA TO WIN!

hope its not true wat donald trump is sayin dat an obama supporter threatend a voter wit a gun?

I don't see much difference between #Obama   #Romney but I am happy #women vote was important to final result

Ok I'm gonna say it My feed is BORING Obama Big Brother.Obama Big Brother

Mitt Romney lost all three states he ever lived in and his own hometown. That's wild!

RB columnist says Obama's win is also a victory for entrepreneurs:

Obama won??!!? YESSSSS!!!! I'm so in a good mooood nooww :)

Obama won ? I don't have to move to Canada ?

All republicans need to realize that sassy gays weren't going to cease to exist even if Romney would of won

Okay we get it Obama is president cool. People have their opinions let them have a little tantrum. #seriously

Despite me being glad Obama is likely in office again- I'd like to remind people- ABSENTEE BALLOTS. #dualcreditps110

Found out from SportsCenter Obama was still our prez. Most reliable news source in the world

.Obama should make true his promises and he should use veto whre need be bcos

Poignant.  I am confident in saying that President Obama is going to carry the state of Florida tonight. h

Shit just woke up. Fuck yeaaaa obama imma go smoke a bowl real fast for yooou!!!

we keeping our porn, food stamps, GAY couples and OUR rights since Obama won (:

Great I'm on my period at least I didn't wake up to Romney winning

Why does Everyone love obama? What's he even done since becoming president?

Yea that's right take that Romney! #obama2012

Barack Obama re-election turns focus to budget clash - BBC News

Hurricane Sandy, now Obama has a second term! You know, maybe the world will end 12/21/12! #Armageddon

I'm in a GREAT mood this morning. My answer to everything today will be #OBAMA. GM TL! :))

Based on this morning's Twitter feeds regarding President Obama's re-election vs Romney's loss the US seems to be quite divided

Obama Wins Second Term And Twitter Accolade

Obama returns to the theme of hope 4 the USA.

Why is Bollywood 'hailing' Obama's victory?

So many people are STILL arguing over the presidents. Obama is president, it's done with. GET OVER IT.

Lets just hope the idiots who voted for Obama were right. People will continue to live off welfare and businesses will continue to struggle

Cameron must woo the female vote like Obama to clinch next election -  Telegraph.co.ukCamero

obama got 4 more years ..lets bring a end to the negative illusions of the american way

#election2012 can you ask Obama to take leadership of Ireland?Our politicians are a bunch of money grabbing cowboys!!

I guess my vote did matter to find myself wakn up seeing obama has won again:-)

and said Obama even before anything was closed - that would have spared u nightmares lol

Racism is alive. Please don't be fooled. Lol. All them states that voted for Romney is proof. Lol.

I love waking up to find out that Obama got re-elected #Relief

Wearing my Obama '08 shirt.I have no idea why it still fits

4 more years of the economy and job rates plummeting. Thank you Obama for doing absolutley nothing for 4 years, your a good man. #WhyReElect

Whoooooooo for Obama! Now let's all try to find out what his first name is!

Lmfao, I know Romney sad as hell , he thought he was getting some booty last night !

Tracking tweets with this Obama dude is popular.

Racism goes both ways, just because you like Romney doesn't mean ur racist. How come just white people are being accu

Congrats Obama fans. Enjoy sitting on your ass all day and having the government take care of you.

If you voted for Romney and you're in the military, I understand. That's your livelihood.

That moment when Romney gets crushed and no a single tweet is political 3 #GObama #beautiful #finallyover

Congratulations! Barack Obama, on Re-elected US President. you have ended your campaign wid a splendid victory, 4 more years to go #America

I actually loved your tweet pal, best Obama tweet I've seen. Can't believe you've now been mean #iusedtolovekatie

Transmission from Vladimir: Putin 'welcomes the news of Obama's victory'   via

The only time you'll see President Obama during a football game. From now to the end of the year. Is at the Army/Navy game.

the blind dislike you have for obama is ridiculous, the fact america chose him says a lot.

I don't get why immigrants, homosexuals and women would vote for Romney. ;) but whatever, he lost anyways.

except or the fact that unemployment is slightly lower than when Obama entered office. #awkward

Congratulations to Barack Obama for that 2nd term I'm just now saying this because I was sleep when they announced him. Lol

I wish i had some obama attire for the racist bastards at school

Obama Still President!Well that's a Great News to Wake Up to :D

Beyond pissed Obama is re-elected. I may not know everything about polotics but I have seen the facts and what he did. Well youll see.

agreed. But what I was getting at is Obama did not create our national debt. Plenty of other presidents contributed.

My timeline filled with #Obama #MyBlackPresident #FuckRomney #FuckSchool #Love  some hoe talking about she #lonely

OBAMA RE-ELECTED.  GO AND GET YOUR FOOD STAMPS TODAY!

Congrats America for making the right decision. #Obama

Not even going to post a status on Facebook  about Obama.

Calling black people idiots, ignorant, stupid, or etc because Obama won is FUCKED up. Grow up and get your head out of y

Well time to pack my bags and move to Canada cuz Obama is back in office #FML

Victory for Obama simply the best of the best.  people good morning!!!

Funny I see no Obama tweets this morning

my dad is too hype obama won lol

Mtv news President Obama 'Best Man' For The Job, Supporters Say: 'Our community came together and we vo

#Election2012 #Obama should put together a economic #superteam of #Romney #BillClinton #Buffett  #Greenspan before Jan1

yes but romney one more states.

Good to see Obama win. I don't know the other guy but he looked like a dork. #obama

I wish romney won. Sick of the freeloaders in this country

Yeah, Obama won, why are you so mad? The president isn't the problem if nothing gets through congress. #getoverit #moveon

if Obama was white, there is no way he would have won #handsdown

When Romney wins popular vote by far, but still loses

Anyways OBAMA WON I WILL BE STAYING IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICAAA

Cuz Romney just wasn't for us

Yeess,Obama won! I can't wait to rub it in people's faces!

Plz enough of all this Obama stuffs. Unless u can sing the USA National Anthem without asking google for lyrics. Face your country problem.

YAY for Obama! i was thinking of u today and how much u would love him to win- such a cutee. im really glad he won :D

Mitt romney is salty ass fuck !

Shares jump after Obama re-election: The sharemarket has closed higher after the re-election of US pres  - TheAge

And to everyone who voted for Obama? Do you think this is a joke? Have fun watching the wrath of God come down on an entire country.

British politicians in Twitter congratulations to Barack Obama: David Cameron led a series of Twit

No crying over spilled milkmop it up  keep it movin Romney

Wake up to see Obama gets another term. #democracy #gonnabeagoodday

After celebrating the Obama win, see the national debt clock. baby born 11/6/12 lifetime share of national debt $1.5M

Just a friendly reminder that Obama is president and we're all FUCKED.

If you were one of those people who said they would move out of the country if Obama won.. You can leave now #sorrynotsorry #buhbye

Nutter: 'Let's put the politics aside': Mayor Michael Nutter (D-PA) on President Barack Obama's re-election and

Lmaooo my bus mad because they keep yelling Obama

If you missed it, here it is in full: President #Obama victory speech

#Congratulations.President #Barack #Obama!You are an excellent example of strength and perseverance !!

S/O to and You worked hard and Obama OWES you two. Congrats on the win! Love yinz!

Obama in empir state . I am afather for all american's. Brotherhood

Obama won ! That's means Romney 2016 :O

lol Obama isn't Muslim, he's still a Christian.

Romney Maybe next year. Ugly mf

Newly re-elected US President Obama to visit Yangon in November (yes, not Kenya), Myanmar official says

I already new Obama was going to win #Lowkey

I was madd cuh ikelahh woke me up at lemm summ talm bout obama won lol i went backk to sleep

Was woken up by someone in my house saying Obama won.. I thought it was a bad dream..

I'm proud to be an American,God bless the USA!~obama*biden~

I woke up and the first thing my parents said to me was Obama won. Im just like

(-_-) Ok Folks Obama Is Still Here. *Crip Walks  Dougies* Now Can We Stop Tweeting About It Now.?

When It Comes To US of America,  Romney You Are NOT The President  . #Maury

Elections over, Obama's still here. You can shut up now.

We live in a society where Myrtle is higher in the trending rankings than Barack Obama

Gotta listen to these rednecks complain about Obama at wrk today * shrugs*

just waking up  I heard obama won #Already

- Romney Thought He was Doing something though . Aha #TeamObama

i should've known Obama won

Awe Man I Left My Obama Pin At Home.

If you lost the election I feel bad for ya son I've got 99 problems but Romney ain't one!

Someone who is so hyped about this election , tell me one thing Obama is going to change ?

if voting for obama is ignorant i guess ignorance is bliss

So I woke up. Found out Obama is my president. HYFR. You already know.

Obama rides swing states to second term: President Barack Obama rode a wave of broad support from mod  #lexington

Michelle was with obama since when he had nothing Nice,. but how many Nigerian men actually remember the woman who strug

Lets not get it twisted folkes Barack Obama is as much a puppet as every other president b4 him. #JustSaying

I'm glad Obama won and Romney didn't tbh.

I'm the only black at my job and nobody is saying a thing. Obama didn't shut them up did he. Lol

To the people who's belittling Malaysians who's happy that Obama won, pls just listen to yourself. #stfu and take a depression pill or two.

i bet obama fucked the shit outta michelle last night

I fell asleep last night and honestly going on fb and seeing all the Obama statuses was the first time Facebook has ever made me happy.

Thanks for everyone who voted for Obama. You have put our country in for another 4 years of hell #Election2012

imma need ecerybody to take they romney signs down. but if they dont idgaf cuz Obama still our president!!

Just found out OBAMA WONN : )))))

bush got us into debt without Obama you don't wanna know where we'd be . We'd be in a depression instea

I loved Mitt  Ann Romney. My heart is broken in a thousand pieces.  Hope, dreams  faith are something I now painfully grieve the loss of.

Nice awesome win everyone lets watch Obama spend more money we don't have and come ask us for it, and good bye struggling small businesses

Set Chrome to replace 'Obama' with ceiling Cat and 'Romney' with Basement Cat. Today  is a good day to be on the in

OBAMA IS MY PRESIDENT SO I AINN GOT NO WORRIESSSSSS !

Should I vote for Mutt Romney or Bark Obama? Need some help guys.

Obama Wins Reelection Celebrities Explode on twttr  #TirelessObama

Obama as President  Alejandro Garcia Padilla as Governor of Puerto Rico.

President Obama is celebrating his re-election to a second term.

Mika.I've been telling Joe for weeks Obama would get a second term.BTW,Snarky Mark looks like he needs a shot of JD!;-)

good morning and thank god for this day and thank god for allowing obama to win this years election again .

Well done Obama! Time to legalize abortion and gay marriage!!! Black Power ^_^ #twoterms

The New Most Popular Tweet Of All Time -  #obama #romney #election

Thank God it's over. Hey Libs, can we call out Obama for his indiscriminate drone murder now? #Obama #Romney

Barack Obama is PRESIDENT, you don't have to like it, but you should respect it.

#Obama turned economic stats positive over term with excessive money printing. If #Bernanke leaves #Fed in 2014, tough printer to replace.

Obama won!!! Thats what Im talking about!

They did! A BUNCH of people in Ohio were complaining that whenever they hit Romney's name, Obama's lit up! smh.

I might wear my Obama shirt today.

I know what I said mam Mitt Romney or dizziiii

OH MY GOD OBAMA WON..and I still don't give a shit.

People didnt wanna wear the obama shirts til the election came bck up, oo

JTA: Israeli leaders congratulate Obama  #jewish

I Believe President Obama has a plan for the country, instead of making millionaires happy, He'll make millions of people

I mean it's not like Obama or Romney is given me any of they money..?right

Obama won so shut the fuck up about it aint shit yall can do to change it

Romney was classy.. And Obama's speech was GREAT! I pray he can continue to bring people together after this long h

And then 20 years from now we'll be like Hey remember that romney guy when we were teenagers and we all hated him and mailed him crocs?

I bet if a white man did the exact same things Obama did  he ran against a black man that said the exact same things Romney said, hed lose.

Sceptical of grand theories about Obama's victory. The public vote was split. Both campaigns had complex strengths and

Congratulations to Barrack Obama for winning! Now we can all go back to not caring about politics.

Obama re-elected congrats to Obama #Winner #yolo #president

Obama phones for all and for all a good day

So obama really won huh Guess you bigots out there just didnt pray hard enough.

WATCH MY SCHOOL BE LIVE AS FUCK CAUSE OBAMA WON!

Okay so Obama won. In other news, whose ready for thanksgiving or christmas?

so will obama close gitmo now?

Not true. The entire Bible-belt voted for Romney because they know how much Obama hates them.

Good Morning lil bro God is still working Obama Obama Obama have a blessed day xo

Knew elex would be close and go either way, just expected Romney to carry more swing states. Big crowds past month.

#SoHappy4MoreYears :) i waz gonna move if Obama lost now i dont have to :) #GreatJobObama! 3

Chris Moyles - Barack Obama as would say!!

George Bush Accidently Votes For Obama  #win pqp LOL (via

supported Obama were allowed to stay here in the states thanks to the Dream Act. Now they can claim squatters' rights!

ThankGod #Obama won we would've been in a great depression 2

Just found out Obama was elected again :)#GodisGood

What would Barak Obama's personal goals be?

Maybe I'll just move to Colorado so I can deal with the pain of Obama winning by legally smoking all day everyday.

You are right there, Thought it was fairly close all night and then they just said on Sky, oh hang on Obama has won.

Majority of people who voted for Obama didn't vote for him simply bc hes black, they voted for him bc they agree w him m

Mr. Obama, you have 4 more years. Make them count. Wish I could have voted.

Good to hear that Obama was victorious and that Romney didn't succeed to conquer the world.  I could almost hear the whisper of apocalypse.

Kind of funny most of the interesting shaped states #voted for Obama

Sayin you voted for Romney is enough to getcho ass hurt out here man. Lol niggas got Obamas back

No matter who you were supporting in the election. You should support Obama now, he's the presisdent so get over it.

Has Florida still not been called?? #USElection #Obama

Hey guys look on the brightside, Obama and Luther four more years! #keyandpeele

You act like your comments on here about Obama are going to change the outcome.

I highly doubt Obama will blow up America.. So, the end isn't even in sight lol.

Wondering if Obama is celebrating right now with a Guinness #guinness #obama

On a further note. Don't vote if you don't know your candidate's policy. If you voted for Obama because he's black,

maybe Obama will turn things around and help this country. he has to be good at what he's doing to be the president

You know it's bad when the first thing I say to my mama is who won the election But aye Obama got it!!!

Stfu about who won president everyone knows Obama won We get it,there's only about 500,000 tweets that say it!

Obama, putting the nation in debt since 2008.

Now correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe an Obama is an old, old, wooden ship, commonly used in the civil

UP ` #Blessed . Big Ups to Obama on thaa win last night . #Respect homiee

Wall Street Changes Mood On Obama Victory: Early Stock Losses Melt Away  via

I wish our politicians could be as gracious in defeat as Romney. Great concession speech. True statesman

Clearly everybody I follow is against obama

Guys remember there are 56 million who thought Romney was the right choice unfortunately there were 58 million who like free sh**.

Sorry that Obama being president actually affects my familyBrb losing money.

told all you fuckers Obama was gonna stay

Good Morning President Obama.It is an honor to have you as President again.Sheila and Family

Argh. I went to sleep 5 minutes before Romney conceded.

To our American followers, Obama supports West Ham, Mitt Romney doesn't like soccer Never trust a man who doesn't like

This morning #US woke up with the triumph of the democracy. America trust in #Obama. We believe in a country of freedom and equity!

I told myself I wouldn't tweet about politics. Then Obama won.

Obama won that bitch belee that! (Webbie voice) lmao

Just a question to all of you what do you have against romney? #imconfused

paul's comment on Obama Wins New Term as Electoral Advantage Holds via

oh . I thought romney was gonna win at one point.

I'm scared of what this country will become in the next four years, seriously what did obama do that made you want him

Rep Steve King says we will deal with Obama's ineligibility AFTER the election:  OKAY, MR. KING, LET'S GET ON WITH IT!

Sorry, I just woke up but I'm happy Obama won.

Obama is so thoroughly indoctrinated with left-wing ideology! Agree/Disagree? Check th  #4moreyears

I asked my dad how he feels about obama wining again. And this nigga starts to preach lol maybe I should have never asked.

- My President Is Black , his Wife Is Too Romney Thought YOU was Gone Win NIGGA jokes On You :))

This is why it matters Obama's re-election our generation's Kennedy moment. The American Dream   via #Obama

Fascinating article showing the importance of data crunching in Obama's campaign

Great. Obama won. Now the economy will collapse.

Except Obama like we had to except bush

Another storm is headed our way Smh. but in other news, #Obama is still the #POTUS so all is well.

Love and hope and Obama is still my presidentgood morning america

Obama won, they caught the I-96 shooting guy,  it's birthday. Today is definitely gonna be a go

My mom said Obama won ' no cotton picking

If obamas fucking us romney would have ass raped us with no lube then get us pregnant and not let us abort it

Obama: this niggahs can't hold me back, these niggahs wont hold me back!

I do not care about Obama's win. Strictly economically speaking Romney would have been better for India

So everyone thats all pissed about romney losing, im assuming that your all rich?. #takeaseat

Yay! Now Obama has four more years to mess this country up even more! YAYAYAYAY for high gas prices and no health care! #thissucks

not only was she talking bad about Obama, she was shit talking America. BITCH, LEAVE.

Lets see how much debt Obama can get us in to these 4 years?

No matter if Obama or romney won I Still was gon smoke this Morning

I'm still proud to say that I stand with Governor Romney - a man who offered real change from day one. #IStandWithMitt #BelieveInAmerica

Legally speaking, did Romney lose the election in Arizona a week ago?

I love folks that give #Obama credit for the market rise from 2009 lows thru 2012, but everything wrong from 2009-12 wa

Knew it lol. Oh well. Congrats Obama

'You've made me a better president'--President Barack Obama

You know, in America, repeatedly using Obama's middle name is seen as kind of a racist thing. Word to the wise.

Smh to all the real ignorance that voted for Obama.

Good luck president obama because you're going to need it

Apparently, DVDs for Obama's acceptance speech are already in River road! Don't joke with kenyans!

oh gaaaahd!! Glad to hear you made some cash on America staying black #Obama

#Romney #Ryan Sandy-battered NYC, NJ prepare for new storm  #debate #romneywins

Obama still in office for a reason now its on us as black people to do the right thing ,,,he got our back and we gotta have his.#TeamObama

even though im sick,todays gonna be a good ass day ,cause obama back in derrr!!lolbut,GOODMORNING(:

Obama presidente o/ fuck yeaaaaaaaaah

Unfortunately for Romney God lives in a different timezone and slept through most of the elections!

Obama doesn't want us to have automatic weapons, I'm sorry, why do you need an ak47 for hunting?

I wanted Mitt Romney to be President more than I wanted a boyfriend #TrueStory

and what are the reasons you voted for Romney Give me couple that benefit you!

Even though my grandparents are the most hardcore Christians I know, they support Obama. #proud

Romney had some great ideas yes, but we weren't going to make any progress with him. Now that Obama's re-elected, we can move #FORWARD! Yay!

McCain '08 is leading Romney '12 by about 3 million votes. Obama '08 is ahead of Obama '12 by about 10 million

Whos ready to go to school and here people complain about President Obama?!

Oh good Obama won, now I don't have to move back to Korea #relief

Dear Republicans and Romney supporters, IN YOUR FACE, LOSER! #obama2012

Romney wouldn't have fixed debt and Obama can't fix the debt. It's something that will take way more than four years. #stfu

You have brought me here. Barack Obama.

Romney was a fuckn joke Romney fans take down them signs out ya yards that fool thought he was going somewhere

Well done Obama, you did it again xx :-D

I think if Romney were to win, I would feel the need to set myself on fire Even though I'm Canadian. #fourmoreyears

Obama we need chocolate milk back

Corporate media playing #Obama win as narrow vote for weak status quo. Facts show it as massive repudiation of conservative ideology.

All these people mad Romney didn't win LMFAOOO shut up !!!'

How social networking and peer pressure swept Obama to victory   via

Did anybody else get that tap on shoulder after Obama won? I just got myself together

mitt should have known fla and nc and ohio and cali was going to obama smh looooool mitt fail now he  sound  real funny  but   WE GOT OBAMA

'larry shippers are like mit romney, nobody loves them lolol'

Good Morning, so i woke up with the good news that president OBAMA is Re-Elected Omggggg so awesome #TeamObama

Dayana Sabrina Moncada Mendoza and the other to Barack Obama

Thank you for four more years President Obama!

hope i will still have a job next year. I dont know if our small business will be able to survive the Obama taxes #godhelpus

I pray Obama learns from his mistakes and leads this country in the right direction.

I hope all of you obama supporters have fun partying tonight  tomorrow, while my parents get up and work to suppo

Romney's Concession Barely Cleared the Bar

My Dad Started Dancing Cause Obama Won, Then He Stuck His Tongue Out At Romney #dead

#Obama is more then a black president it's way bigger then that been a long time coming only if the ones who died beh

Praise the Lord ! Woke up this morningg knowing Obama has 4 more years  a note explaining why I cant take my history test :))

Yeaa if Romney won he could have cut welfare that would have been a good thing in my opinion .

People askin what states Obama got, WHO GIVES A FUCK HE'S PRESIDENT BITCH

Obama won NOOOO!!!!!   We are fucked now.

Everybody was talking shit on Romney saying vote Obama. They both suck either way we were fucked

Video US President Barack Obama Speaks at FEMA Headquarters Hurricane Sandy The White House:

Did anybody not see that coming? We all knew Romney stood no chance. Out of all of America, that is the best we got? Both delegates sucked.

World Reaction To 2012 Election: Barack Obama's Re-Election Elicts Strong Feelings Around The  (Huffington Post)

ayee, you know the president is BARACK OBAMA right? :) just thought i'd let you know

With more than 2.1 million likes, this Barack #Obama photo is the most-liked #Facebook photo of all time.  #pr #uswahl

Good job USA!!! President Barack Obama has this Canadian smiling! 4 more years!

For those of you who support Obama- he isn't going to do what he said he would. He's a liar. Enjoy the next 4 years. #prayingforourcountry

fell asleep on the election. woke up at 1 heard Obama talkin, then I knew what was up.

Me and was gone cry if Obama lost. But my baby won. My president is black!!

Funny to see most local celebs getting excited over Obama's re election but remain mousey quiet when it comes to local

YEAH OKAY. BES BETTERR THEN TE IGNORANT FUCK WE CALL ROMNEY

IHT Rendezvous:Relief and Hope in Asia Over Obama Victory: Continuity with another four years of Barack Ob

Romney got the Cuban vote in Miami-Dade hmm

Thank you Lord for blessing me with another great morning. Thank you for allowing President Barack Obama another term in office. :)

the amount of pride i could see in Michelle Obama's eyes, awww

Obama!mambo byard!there is no a jaluo who i knw who is not happy!thank bro 4 makin us proud!!hehehe..but do we say.

obama and romney had a really close fight.

I tweeted I wanted to move to Alaska just because I wanted to move to Alaska nothing to so with Obama. Daaaanng.

Lmaoo my mama say she gone go in somebody yard  black out mitt  put romney noodles

dumb asses I dont if some one is following me that likes Obama. He's a fuckin dumb ass. Look at America now. Just imagine 4 more

RT What was defeated tonight was not just Romney, a hollow cynic, but a whole mountain of mendacity and de

Hi can you come on BBC World radio and tell us your reax to Obama win?? Pls contact me ASAP. THANKS

The Nation has spoken.Obama has been reelected.Would you stop taking pot shots at obama+be more constructive.You have lost Joe.

Obama created one very important job during his first term An opening for Al-Qaeda #1! Hahaha

I love waking up knowing Obama is still our president :) off to work I go!! #GoodDay #HappyGirl

PIMCO's Mohamed El-Erian has a four-point plan for #Obama to fix the economy

I hate lazy ass people that won't get off there butt and work they are why America is in debt and Obama wanna keep

in 2012 the movie, the east coast flooded in October and Obama was still president. we're gonna die.

Trump is a bufoon, but too many think like him. Twitter Tirade After Obama Victory

No one cares if your happy Obama won doe Smh your parents prolly told you to like him anyway #ShuShuShuShutYomouths

Great article on parallels between Obama and a dictator: Him

Lmao yea you kno Obama wasnt goin no where lmao

We did it again baby OBAMA IS. Styll our president

Hey Obama is a nice guy.  No need to be calling him names.

I am changing my party affiliation today from Un-Enrolled to Republican- I have come to realize that's what I am. Thank you Mitt Romney.

I kinda wanna give Romney a hug though 7 years and millions of dollars and he has nothing to how for it he should probably eat a bunch

Its going to b a wonderful week! Obama won yesterday, and Thursday -sat, the weather will be beautiful. And its a Good Morning. #GM

Now People Wanna Vote For Romney For Attention Smh ,BITCH Sit Down#TeamFuckRichPeople

Obama hasn't done anything but we're in a better place than we were with Bush? Ohokay. I forgot, you think all black people are lazy! #idiot

It really is shameful how many black people I saw put they voted for Obama and then #mypresidentisblack. But white people a

Complain a little more maybe Obama will resign

Can I buy Obama pls like srsly where can I buy one I want him

Good job America you guys got what you wanted #Obama #WorstPresidentEver!

The fact that my mom woke me up at 1:30 last night to show me Romney's losing speech

Ok all the Obama/Romney tweets are just as bad as those stupid ads.its over and Obama is president.just get over it

Everyone is complaining about Obama, but I would like to see them as president because they'd do such a better job, right?

Let's hope Obama's re-election renews hope in America and the world. All exercises in democracy renew societies

Too bad I don't follow Obama.. I follow Jesus

Yes because spending more money really helps the debt get SMALLER. Maybe you should go back to 1st grade math Mr. Obama.

Obama won had a feeling he would ;)

Good morning world it's a new day obama rocks

Now Obama really inherited a mess !

Congratulations to President Obama. He won convincingly  while polls can be interpreted the vote is absolutebut still divided no doubt

Obama is the first black to serve two terms as president

Obama won!! Okay, another 4 years for the guy, make changes sir  :|

First great thing of the day, Pres. Obama re-elected, second best is watching Fox News deal with it. LOL

I'm just laughing at all these dumb ass white people tweeting dumb shit about Obama hahahaha

Romney isn't even a Christian, melodramatic much?

Obama president again? Equal marriage rights in MD? I hope I'm not still asleep and this is a dream. #pinchme #forward

we love you Obama. but think of us here in Africa old people like Robert Mugabe dont want to give up power .

That's why I changed my avi back I was confusing myself with that Obama avi lol

I hope you are happy now!  And good luck getting all the S**T that your buddy #Obama promised you!

Dude Romney is probably bumping to some Drake at this moment. #electionissues #imonnone #imsonotproud .

Wondering how many Obama voters are now being helped by charities supported by those who will lose their charitable deduction January 1st.

Thanking the good LORD ABOVE 4 waking me up this morning and keeping me safe through the night .! :) And for keeping Obama as president .!

Obama won electoral AND popular Republicans can stop complaining now. Ya lost.

Finding out that Obama is our president just ruined my whole day, more like ruined ANOTHER 4 years of my life.

For the sake of all of us, Obama better lower tuition rates or we will all have to pay student loans out the ass. #True

Well at least Obama isn't Mormon

- I would be depressed today .. but what the fuck I got to be depressed about? my baby Obama has been reelected ' Leggooo ;)

Obama WON So Now Romney Can Log tf Off  Lose The Pass Word !!!

Where that lil White Girl Who Was Talkingg Stuff About Black Ppl  Romney winning ? About she look real messed up right now

We're fucked why the hell did we reelect Obama

I call Obama a bomber because those are his bombs

Woot! Obama for another 4 years! take that Romney!

Thanking god for blessing me with another day an coagulation to Obama for his second win an thats all im going to say about the election!!!!

Thank you Obama for everything you've been trying to do to help us especially myself. #TeamaOBAMA #Obama2012 #2Terms

your not going to school because Obama won #crying and your only 13?

Seriously everyone pisses me off.  Good job for electing obama. Our country is about to go through hell and it's all

I am  was 100% Romney supporter, Patriots, but I am thinking his advisers did not let him be the tough Romney on Li

Obama Wins Second Term | One Vote Matters | TVONE.TV

Obama again *wine* *beer* =-P

Romney did not win popular vote.. Why is everyone still saying it? Obama won both.

Congratulations to the US citizens for allowing Obama to continue his plans towards reconstruction and development of USA. Yes you all CAN

I Support Obama, But Lets Be Honest. Most People Voted For Just Because They Thought It Was Cool.

#team2termz is for people who obviously only like Obama because hes black.

Hey, the fake Mitt Romney is supposed to be on Howard Stern this AM.

don't worry about it obama won they're not taking your porn away anymore lol

Wait Obama won? Praise the lord

But obama won, few people will know what hard work is.

Papa Merritt is pissed Obama won

Obama got the popular vote Kyler.

I wonder How many Obama t-shirts I'm going to see today.

Im still happy that Obama won the election. :3

the only thing between obama and osama is a little bs.

Devotion: Michelle Obama clearly never lost faith in her husband's political skillsRead more:

Woke Up To Our Blck President AGAIN #Obama.

Barack Obama is the last king of the United States.

Obama won, the world is coming to an end

Bell Opening Comments: Now wait is over and Obama will be president for the next 4 years and he is the 44 th pre

#morningjoe - Would tea party favorites Gov Perry and Scott have taken FEMA/Obama's help in disaster before election?

romney gonna be mad as fuck at his own state! lmaooo

God help us avoid WW111.. Either started by Biden's idiotic lip flapping or Obama's preference of Islam.. #tcot

So Obama won? Cool. I didn't think Colorado voters would be done voting until 9? #doesntmakesense

If you would really move to another country because Obama was re-elected, you are ignorant.

My mom tried waking me up, saying Romney won -_-

my private school education and future college education are now worth nothing, because of Obama's job policy  I'll b fl

I care about Obama helping us college students with loans.Mitt wanted to cut education wtf.

People just need to get over the fact that Obama won.. It wouldn't be any different if Romney won. #getoverit

ahhh im sick. i knew i shouldnt have went outside last night in the mob yellin for Obama lol.

if only, Howard was a good PM with a good treasurer. Maybe Obama needs to hire both as consultants #auspol

Obama better get his driver sighted in right, 4 more years of vacation every weekend for us.

If his policies match his rhetoric the US will be in for a good four years. #obama is an amazing orator

they are all shit. Obama Could make better music. But all of their music is straight trash

From TheBlaze: Israel Congratulates Obama, But Large Questions Loom About Relationship and Mideast

Only thing ima hear in school today is Obama this  Romney that.

All i have to say that If romney did win and this shit did turn into the hunger games, finnicks mine bitches.

Obama re-election signals new phase in Syria war: Western efforts to oust Syrian President Bashar Assad shifted

Great call America! Who will pay your Obama care when we are all unemployed, have no military, no weapons, and no coal #brilliantdecision

Good Morning, America! We are living in an #Obama Nation! #Election2012 #Obama2012

We're gonna see more sales of Obama 2016, You're like an OT prophet. Hope folks listen now

So happy to wake up to Obama still running this country! Not. Looks like 4 more years of hell and satan in the white house! #ScrewObama2012

Obama is back bitches! We can all put away our pitchforks.

O BARACK OBAMA , GAMHO DO MITT ROMNEY , BEM  FEITOO ,

=== RT Man President Obama really won a second election, I'm letting it sink in. #History

Romney you can unpack now. :-)

well Romney lost so give it up

Oof  If Romney had gotten as many votes as McCain, he'd have won.

romney wears 1d uggs to sleep. Pass it on.

Went to sleep early and just found out #Obama #won, super happy for these 2. #4moreyears #Obama2012 #TeamOba

#msnbc:Presidential elections are gut wrenching  like a human microwave. How disappointed are the Romney's #POTUS2012

The Wall Street Journal This Morning Nov. 07, 2012: 11-07-2012 -- President Obama will enjoy another four years

So what I'm led to believe is whoever supports Obama are dumb,lazy,poor,muchers,low life's, and or drug addicts. People

I wasn't stayin up late to wait on the US Election, i found out this morning, well done Obama for a second term

#Obama is the only President that actually made teenage care about who runs for America !!!!!

The Top 20 sour grapes reactions to Obama's re-election :

omg that obama planning to make a comeback tweet has more than a thousand retweets :o

We gonna end up with no jobs around here with Obama !

I believe with all my heart and soul that Obama is a prophet of the Devil.

4 more years. My president is black. Just beautiful. And Romney maybe u can get some of that Obama care (sik

lmao what they think Obama mr clean mr clean well this mr clean needed more than 4 years to clean up bush mess

I'm off to support everyone who voted for Obama! #work

Yay to Mr Obama!! Woooo!!!  :D

Most of the white people are pissed that Obama won but I see most of the mexicans are happy. Haha.

Romney nor any other Man WAS OR NEVER will be THE ANSWER to this country's VERY DEEP problems, GOD IS!!

Obama Win Seen Pyrrhic: Bloomberg: Obama Win Seen Pyrrhic Without Republican Congress Assent on Taxes: Barack Ob

Yeah go Obama! He's the man

Congratulations, with Obama wining again tears and lulz shall be dropped from the Tea Party. Coffee Time niggas.

So i guess we know how the world is going to end now.. #obama

Enjoy the next 4 years guy with Romney bumper sticker that in stuck behind

maybe not but if obama hadn't got in can u imagine how bad the uk would be with anti gay  anti abortion views being brought over

hey guess what idiot teens. nobody cares if you dont like obama bc hes your president and theres nothing you can do about it OOOOPS sorry

GM God is good! Thankful for Obama! #4 more years! Let's keep on PUSHING!!!!

Last 4 years have been shit cause if Obama and im sure as hell the next 4 are going to

#huntsville Report: Ole Miss students protest Obama's re-election, shout 'racial epithets' (video:  src:HSVImpact

#AlltopTwitter 'Four more years', Barack Obama scores US presidency and most popu

Obama signed exec. order merging Homeland Security w/ private sector to create virtual dictatorship via

I mean, I'm not mad that I can get free birth control now #Obama

The most retweeted tweet in the history of Twitter:  #Obama #fb

Well looks like im not going to lasalle anymore thanks to Obama prob cant afford it now

I think Obama is saying: Well, If Sammy Davies Jr Could be Jewish AND black, then why can't I???

As I predicted ------ RT: What are the odds that President Obama wins Florida and Ohio?? If so, election would be won easily.

Waking up to Obama winning AND gay marriage being legalized in three states, made my day!

Obama gon celebrate with some coronas and a carne asada loool

Hahaha jake said he's done listening to black music since obama won

People will proudly be wearing their Obama shirts all day..

I knew Obama was gone win fuck Romney

Yay Obama won! Sooo now I have to put up with all my teachers and seniors who voted and are now pissed-___-

Shh!  Shh!  Did U know #OBAMA was black?  Did U also know some ppl afraid 2 blame him because he's BLAAACK.  Oh, the horror!

You thought the last 4 years were bad Well the next 4 will be even worse since the idiots in this world voted Obama back into office.

I was pretty anxious about a Harper/Romney run North America.

On a brighter note, now that Obama has already won two elections, He can't run again!!! #4moreyears #omgoh #rr

still cant believe it! Obama with his speech last night was too much, even thanks romney. proud of my nigga #Obama #Obam

I love reading tweets from people like who have no clue about politics but love to back up Obama Do you know an

OBAMA FUCKIN WONNNNN !!!!!!! That MADE MY DAY . #teamobama

OH MY DAYUM. OBAMA IS PRESIDENT AGAIN. BLESS AMERICA.

congratulations to obama,another four years in white house

Even with all the voter suppression Obama still got the popular vote and 60% of the electoral college.  I'm so proud of America right now.

Some body please tell mi this, did dat Romney guy call the chief fi congratulate him????

Obama Won..Yes.but it's Not Him that can Change this Countryit's YouUsThe PeopleA Leader is Only as Good as

many congrats!!! Obama won it!! Whoohhhooooo

Rick roass came with that hold me back remix last night after obama won!  his verse had me thingking..

This white girl in my class mad AF that Obama won right now lmaoo

Congratulations to #Obama Lets hope the world changes for better during the 4 upcoming years! #hope #positive

Obama, your an impressive man. You can lie to the entire country and get away with it. But I lie one time and I'm grounded #ClassicObama

Im so glad Obama won because I was gonna be one broke ass homeless bitch with no education.

And dude has an Obama bumper sticker. Bet he's rethinking that vote after seein me. :/

Im not an Obama fan but I will respect him bc the bible says to respect authority. All we can do now is pray that God wil

I'm actually in a good mood! I mean Obama won,I'm got my outfit for the concert and I'm getting my phone today! YAY!

can I borrow your sisters Obama shirt to wear to school today?

this country deserves whatever obama gives it, they wanted the devil back in well they got him!!

So the next four years u will be in debt from college and then will be out of work because of Obama well im really e

This is one of the Morning I defiantly look forward to. Seeing and hearing everybody expressions, moods, and comments. #OBAMA Goodmorning

Your opnions about not liking Obama are irrelevant at this point because he is still our president til 2016. Try aga

Still dont get why ppl voted for Obama ..but on a happier note how's everyone feeling ?

DVDs for Obama's acceptance speech are already out along kampala road TRUST UGANDANS.TEBAFFA NJALA!

Woke up feeling extra America-ny. I will walk the streets with my head propped high knowing that our country has a great leader. #Obama

It doesn't stop with Obama getting re-elected! People get off your ass and start making a positive (cont)

Kinda Depressing morning today.. I felt good going into last night.. Hope Obama has a better 4 years than his last! Good luck cuz we need it

Credit Risk Falls as Greek Optimism Adds to Obama's US Victory - Bloomberg

And congrats to the liberals. Just don't come crying to me when Obama doesn't fulfill his promises, all I will say is I told you so.

Does anybody know who won last night for obama and Romney

obama had twitter jumping last night

I bet Romney and Ryan really Fkd up this morning, Your own states didn't vote for them, SMH!! Another way to tell yall both aibt sh*t!!!

Mitt Romney thought that God was about to let his crazy self be in office,  No not the God I know.

Just watched President Obama's victory speech and I always admire how greatly he cherishes his family at the beginning of every speech.

America get Obama, we get David Cameron. Note the injustice. #LifesNotFair

OBAMA WON OMFG YES THANK GOD

Well Obama gots 4 more year yall :))

Obama im writing you a letter if you give my moms company some problems.

Obama is president, that's that so byebye

Our generation will have so much fun paying the national debt. So will our kids. Romney should've picked Rubio for VP. That's all, I'm done.

honestly, everyone i've asked that wants Obama to win has given me no valid reason #soannoying

tHE True PATRIOTS of this country has spoken!! Congratulations President Obama! #tcot #tcot

Obama won (: Celebrating by making chilly cheese fries.. for everyone, which includes me myself  I

I can't handle these ignorant tweets about Obama. y'all mad?!

If u Chics want to b a Bad Chic, Michelle Obama is who yall should want to b!!!

Romney  still got more money than all if us soooooo?

One Big Ass Mistake America (OBAMA). Thanks for electing that for our president so that our country can become ever more fucked up#NObama

It feels soo good to know my President Barack Obama in for anotha 4years yyyaaayyyeee!!!!

Well Obama. Actions speak louder than words. So lets see whatcha got.Btw- you've already screwed America up the first time.

Romney Fina Know #TheStrugle He Didn't Become President.. His Wife About Too Divorce Him..And His Hometown Dont Like Him .

Wearing my Obama pin today , nobody better not come at me with no BS..

it's just as ignorant to blame all of our debt strictly on Obama.

Majority of America obviously think Obama is fit to be president. So you're gonna call over half of America stupid? That's ignorance.

Continuing our American theme in celebration of Obama's re-election, check out this Californian-style home

President Obama is still in the oval office .

I do not want to go to school and hear people bitch about Obama all day long -_-

Its To Damn Early To Be Talking About Obama , Take Y'all Ass To School

The people voted, demographics Romney ignored worked for Obama. Lol!

S|O to our president BARACK OBAMA

congrats mr,president barack obama u won again full suport fore u god blees america,

im happy that we got 4 more years for obama thats all i care about

O obama ganhou aeeeee obama t love you

I'm not going to be mad Obama was reelected, but if and when Obamacare is put into action and my mom loses her job, then I just might be.

Plot twist: we are all being punk'd and Romney won by 100 votes..

Obama ships Caskett. You know what Romney ships? NOTHING!!!!! #VoteObama

My boy obama holding it down

I bet Romney Aint Get No Ass Lastnight .

The results are in.. When it comes to America, Romney you are not the president. *Maury voice*

If I hear one more person talking about Obama I'm going to lose it. Stfu you know he was going to win anyways. Dumb ass.

The thing that hurts the most is and im not even being bias when i say this but i really believe Romney would have be

same, it wasnt even him that made us have a horrible econemy, it was Bush.. Obama is trying to fix it.

Good to see the wig wearing village idiot  (aka the donald) kept it classy last night.  His publicity seeking ignorance helped Romney lose.

Mad Asses Saying Some Racist Things So We Must Pray For Obama

One of the saddest part of this election: Obama supporters can't be expected to win graciously or lose humbly. They're jerks either way

#worldnews Diverse tapestry of young, minority voters backed Obama - Globe and Mail: Globe and

I wonder if anyone ACTUALLY voted for romney..

With Obama's reinstatement, the world is ripe for the plucking by Islamofascists.

I'm happy Obama is President again but Oklahoma really showed its ASS today so shocked and disappointed in my home state!!

Obama won in our school lol

ignoring that #Obama won both electoral and popular vote Unlike when Bush Didn't

Obama has a truth cool accent

This Boy in my first hour is mimicing obama Perfectly! LOL XD

my mom is thinking of moving to Poland cause of Obama only time i agree with my mom.

Oh and those of you who voted for Romney most likely voted for Bush too, so stop complaining

My Father Last Night = Obama Won!!! *Clicks* Lmao Gotta Love My Old Man 3 3

and the funny thing is, Romney actually had the most votes. #screwtheelectoralcollege

me! I'm quitting my job and Obama can feed my kids! He's doing it for so many others

OBAMA PRESIDENT YALL , *Goes Too Apply For Foodstamps* !

Mmmmmmmmmmmmm just had a huge breakfast. Cuz obama won ^_____^

congrats to Barack Obama and the USofA! you're in good hands for another four years ;) now sit back, relax, and let the Pres' do his job!

At Obama's Victory HQ,  Smiles, Reporters Hug: MTV News was in Chicago fo  #MTV #News

I wanna flip off all the people with Romney bumper stickers #HeAlreadyLost #TakeASeat

Until Obama proves that he is a good president and shows that he can make a difference in the country, I will not support him as president.

obama is a fuckin muslim dont let others tell u he aint. The religion that hates us is not right to lead us

ASFOPBFUOFFJHGGG OBAMA WON I KNEW IT LOL. WOOOOOOOOOO

Obama well elected president. well bye

Romney didnt even win his own state So people who had been under his leadership before didnt want him to be president?? #hmmm

A woman voting for Romney is complete oxymoron

Your family can have as much money as THEY want but YOU are a broke college student. Romney wasn't about to do a thing f

Waking up to Obama being the presidentCOTTON FIELDS!!!!!!

Obama, You haven't thanked God. He allowed you to be in office for another term. Show some respect.

Obama needs to work hard to restore America.

Ok at the people who act like people who support Obama don't have jobs

Well done President Obama for winning,from an Englishman who has not been to the U.S.A.

It's no surprise that Obama got the PV. Laziness and entitlement has overcome our nation. Thanks barrack for encourag

Oh, no. There is no over or stop cause the fight ain't over. Being quiet about it can't happen. Obama 2012!

Mitt Romney was just a huge publicity campaign for Book of Mormon.

IT'S SO QUIET IN MY HOUSE NO RINGING THE SILENCE THE LACK OF HELL PHONE ROBO ROMNEY

Anyone think Obama will come closer to the middle?   I don't.

i'm sure obama will do great, he had a great 4 years in the past hahaha #stuffnoonesays

Im sorry. Obama didnt create the debt. Everyone before him did. It's not the guys fault he didnt erase TRILLIONS in

Romney's face is like Britney Spears pussy, its been shown all over the world but people are really tired of looking at it!

If obama was like 20 id prolly try to holla #realshit

Ok Obama won I'm sicka hearing bout it

but that didn't happen so I got to make the Mean Girls reference on tumblr instead. (4 for you Obama you go Obama)

Now that obama has a second term he can do everything he didnt in his first.. Which is pretty much everything

If Yuh dnt lik OBAMA fuck Yuh nd Yuh can see mhe word Mhy nigga

Bow allegiance to the flag of Barack Hussein Obama.  to the Republic, which he destroyed.A nation, under entitlement w/pot  handouts 4 all

Yeah Obama skin isn't white but we need a real nigga from the hood president!!!!!!!

What exactly did Obama say his plan was for job creation? How will he stimulate the private sector - or will he just let it work.

obama won and gay marriage is accepted in maine. yes 3 i hope my cousin gets married now.

I know Americans go wild when you even mention 'America' in a sentence, but Obama really gets the crowds going! So glad lost!!

Obama won, fuck who don't like!

RT Woke up to Obama president ill respect the man for the next 4 years and that's it..heading to the gym, and the disability line

I'm just confused of why Romney wants to take away tampons..

Am I glad Obama won? I'm glad Romney lost.

Obama Wins New Term as Electoral Advantage Holds  Good for the World I think

diff time  age, they didn't have the resources we have now. Romney doesn't even support gay marriage!! u voted for that?

I'm tired of people saying Obama is gonna legalize gay marriage. He cant. It's a state law. But nice try everyone.

I had a nightmare Obama got re-elected. Then I realized I wasn't asleep

You say America is full of idiots cuz we re elected Obama, that may be true but we'd be retarded to elect Romney #forrealtho #lesserof2evils

Celebrate Obama's victory. It's a victory for us all.

Romney what ov fuck muy future up thank god fha Obama , fuck all those mf who dont believe dare is ah god ! .

Congratulations Obama voters, you just wrecked America as we know it.

Obama/Jarrett will be on full throttle now to complete their plan to destroy America from within. Going great. USSA

WAIT, Why are you saying *Swaggg* Cause Obama Won? 1st Your lame af 2nd Im still Confused 3rd You still ugly dab !

Goodmorning Twitter!!! Glad that I woke up this morning knowing that he got a second term. #Obama

When Obama legalizes marijuana in USA.. Chyeeah, im moving there and imma smoke like marley,

Worst thing to ever wake up too. Knowing Obama is still our president. Wearing all black today.

Feel good waking up knowing tht my president is Obama No jusx not cusx he black

jessica, shut up lol you know when you go to school you gonna be like fuck obama, #TeamRomney w. the white kids ctfu

Someone please fill me in. Did Obama win? I'm confused! #justkidden #facebookisridiculous

You romney voters is modddd. Hahahahahhhhahaa #ItsObamaBitch

We gave bush 8 years to destory, America lets give obama 8 years to rebuild it!- Waka Flocka Flame

4 years ago today I was on my way to NY! Celebrating Obama being made president

BBC News - President Barack Obama defeats Romney to win re-election  Since we got the road i knew!Hurray!

-  Finna Be Fucking With All The Mfs At School That Wanted Romney To Win. Which Was 95% Of The School.

i really dont care that obama won but I hope obama proves us wrong and doesn't create 6.2 trillion dollars of debt again again. #obama

Romney was gonna make bad shit happen, that would have affected us in a huge way #research

it's more the fact that someone as moronic as Romney couldn't be left to run such a massive powerful country. #disaster

Lmfao Is it bad we have Obama for president? #ICouldCareLess

Well it doesn't really matter that Obama won, we are all dying in about a month, if not someone will assassinate him.. #DeathToAmerica

My patient just called Obama a terrorist  It's gonna be a long day

It was funny listening to people yelling outside my window when barack obama won they must have been so happy :)

Up early feeling too good right now !!! Overly happy #PresidentObama #OBAMA  #ObamaBiden2012  !!! SoOo freakin happy , but no I have school.

Thank God for allowing me to wake up in a country led by the strong, black Democrat, Barack Obama..

And all you stupid bitches complaining about Obama, shut up. Because of him you can still have abortions, you can still be a slut.

Now a pub in #Nairobi celebrates #Obama's victory by extending its Happy Hour. If they were really so happy would have served beer free!

Do u really believe that out of the whole country only 2 black ppl voted for Romney? ! Dumb asses

Whenever I saw the name OBAMA, a song will just came up on my mind. #ObamaObamaObamaObamaObama #ObamaSong :))

HAHA everyone thinks that this is bad that Obama won. Just wait. This second term was necessary and he's got it going now.

My Brother Said Yay Obama Won Now We Not Gone Be Slaves. Lmaoo

Please spare me! Some gold is good. Especially under Bush/Obama.

Michelle Obama ' Barack Obama have the cutest relationship ((: , I want a relationship like that when I get older . #TeamObama !! 3

You want a Husband like Obama but you are a drunkard, smoking chimney, perpetual loser and easy-going chips-funga. Be se

Obama in the white house smoking a blunt with juicy j

Don't be discouraged. God has a plan! He never intended 4 America to look 2 a man. We must look to Him! #romney #obama #4MoreYears

agreed; effective change must come from within? Mitt's handled worse MT Obama ruins outstanding careers/reputations.  #fallGuy

Everyone is so worried about what Obama will do in 4 years. I'm worried about what the First Lady will do to our school lunches #HellNo

My Nigga Romney Got A Step Sister From Africa That Sends In Mail Every Year In A Glass Bottle aha

Obama won! Boss up China.

Whoever didn't vote for Obama was beyond high on coke #1Hunnit

- go figure. that was before obama got all the damn votes from ohio! .. lol

You see son when i was a kid there was a man named obama who gave us free handouts so we could sit on our asses all day and do nothing

Of course all of the queers I follow are happy Obama won!!! #GoSuckOne

Barack Obama is a West Ham fan?! Well blow the president a bubble!

Regardless of who it was, Romney or Obama. Truth is, we have him lets support him.

I will literally never hear the end of this election, and only from ignorant people who had no actual reason for wanting Obama.

#Obama WON!  WOOO HOO!!  Sad didn't, but she represented herself well  proved bullying DOESN'T work  isn't COOL! #bulliesuck

If you want Obama too win you obviously haven't been paying attention to the last four years #Romney2012

#Election Obama deserves t8 win. I was always routing for your. Though I am a Malaysian

Why Did Obama Win? 3 Perspectives: Before I call it a night -- and a hugely disappointing one at  via

You dont have to like Obama, but you do have to respect him.

Watch n see how many white ppl be mad at u today for no reason lmao just kno they voted for #Romney

oh, and tell me why you're for Obama? That's what I thought.

Our votes may have gotten Obama re-elected, but our prayers will keep him in that White House .

woke up feeling real good! #Obama

crying about your negative messages about Obama? How did you treat George Bush? Hmmm

Punch News - Obama thanks Americans for re-election

#Pakistan Btw #Elections took place in #US and the #Pakistani #Media went GAGA on it. Way to go  #Mitt and #Obama

I call on obama to leave julian assange alone #obama #justice

The electoral college made a bad decision, but this is Obama's last term. We need to pray for America, beca

I told u Obama would win

They Should Make A New Bill With Obama's Face . I Mean He Is Our FIRST Black President And Got Elected TWICE

Y'all would've been looking sick if Romney would've won. He was going to raise tuition. None of y'all were going to be

Big Bet Six Months Ago Paved Way for President's Win: Obama won re-election, amid persistent economic a  via

Good morning citizens of barrock obama

Can any of you UK Obama supporters name me 5 of his policies? Thought so. You're more #Teambandwagon

if obama looks like a monkey, then what the fuck does that make you ? fucking white redneck trash

Obama got 60~% electoral votes? Oh right, the voting system. Well, 2,5 cases then :P

Everyone who liked Romney is so butthurt today #haha #suckstosuck

All you Romney lovers would be living it up just like we are if he won. No one likes a sore loser.

Who gives a fuck abt American Electionok Obama won, but u stil be a Slave

Sophia, 10 years old, to President Obama  #marriagequality #kidsinspiretheworld

i think Donald Trump ruined it for Romney, the bitching man, it painted repubes as you know, bitches.

Just retweeted the most retweeted tweet. Four more years Barack and Michelle Obama - huge congratulations!

Glad Obama won a second term - let's hope he shows better leadership and works across the aisle like Clinton and LBJ.

And Obama is president for another 4 years. God help us -.-

Obama won everyone practically at school wanted Romney except for me now everyone is gonna be like fuck Obama at school #justchill

The thing that I dislike is Michelle Obama bc she cut back our food at school and all we get is fruit and veggies.

Obama tweet most retweeted ever: A tweet from Barack Obama celebrating his re-election is the most ret  #MSPEGypt

Just saying I'm over people preaching about Obama being black and the president. Its 2012, not 1960. He's a person. Its freaking annoying

Pastor Victoria Michaels wrote:The dream the Lord showed to me in Oct about Obama winning the election has come

Lost 20k last year on track to loose 15k this year in four years ill be living in a box the working middle class  thanks all. Obama voters

lol I think Trump left his twitter on, and Romney hijacked his feed! (seems pissed!)

Hope Pez Obama does better this time then the last #4moreyears

For all you fuckers that were supporting Romney, how ya feel?

GO OBAMA! Lmao watching The News

God bless America we will need it since president Obama won

I bet Mitt Romney just dropped a hundred grand at a bar after he lost

I took a quiz I agreed with half Obama  half Romney. I just hope congress doesn't screw up the guys jobs!

I Ain't Nothing Like Turning Your Tv On And Seeing Obama On All The Channels #HeDeservesIt

Im So Glad Obama Won I Was Gonna Have Nerveous Break Down :)

I need to call Obama and see why they be taking all dat damn money out my check. Fuck

Thank God for watchin over me last night and waking me this morning and thank God Obama is our president for another 4 yrs! #CHANGE

doesn't matter because Obama is in. Fuck Romney the shit cunt

Wow so cheesed. Romney should have won.

Obama has been given a blank check. Time to fulfill your original campaign promises. Christie/Booker 2016

So what if Obama got re-elected? We just have to hope and pray he doesn't do anything stupid. Other than that, we can't do much else.

remember that one top when you said Romney was going to win? That was so lol

Defeats Romney at the polls and Beiber on twitter, not a bad day for Obama!

You know what's great about Canada? EVERYBODY'S happy Obama won. #LogicMotherfuckers

Love the Psychic Twins but knew they were wrong when they projected Romney as the winner. I can't say I'm upset about that!

Just because someone is white doesn't mean they are upset bc Obama won. I'm white and I wanted him to win. Lol

The text i got from my dad oh god hahaha XDD #obama

get off my ROMNEY boy

#Obama win: What it means for your #tax bill  #election2012

I bet Obama got his dick sucked for becoming president again.. Lmao.

don't even trip I made a mitt romney anthem Lmaobs

Did Obama ever do a speech last night and did mitt ever concede

I Came To School With My Obama Tank Top On  The White Girl Said Im Ignorant , Now Bitch If I Beat Your Ass , Imma Really Be IGNORANT !

tell me 3 positive things Obama has done for you and your family in the last 4 years.

hope Obama got lots of post-election sex :)

You only went for Obama because the whole world wanted Obama . In actuality, your really didn't know what the hell

with all these democrats in senate  Obama back in office we should be better off this time around #FuckRomney

Good Morning Tweeps! Congrats to our neighbors in the US on re-electing President Obama!

not saying I like Obama or anything but you try being president. I'm pretty positive not one of you can do it.

I hate that people's only argument to why they hate Obama is because their part money is going to people living off of

and urs is urs so u ignorant too faggot this NIGGA stopped the war lmao fuck Romney and Bush

Obama gets four more years and I get to go to the dentist.

Obama's not gonna help us guys /:

idk if she's anti Obama. But she didn't vote for him.

the reason Romney didn't get elected president is because he's like a shit talker he says he's gonna do this  that but he can't back it up

Listening to and a single white women voted for Obama so y'all can stop with the race shit.

Best Obama pic of the day, congratulations - Awwww yeaaaaah  #obama

just told my girls that pres obama won! Thy are stoked! Thy hd a mck elcn at schl. Thy vtd obama. Def the underdog. Thy cnt wait for class.

Not even going to lie that Mofo Romney had me Shook for a minute.. Glad it's over #TeamObama

Anthony Williams just told me to my face that he doesn't like Obama because he's black.

Go ahead and move to Africa, Australia, Canada whereverrr.you can go moap around with all the other heartbroken Romney supporters.

yeah, it was half four our time when Obama was confirmed victorious :)

President Obama winning doesn't bother me as much as Biden as VP. Not the sharpest tool in the shed.

Mitt Romney is going to give up on life and become a teenage robot. I'm calling it.

Feels good to know obama won last night. Okay fake politicians, same time same place next election?

For the United States of America the best is yet to come. - President Barack Obama

Why do these News people continually call President Obama, Mr. Obama? Give him his props! I've never heard them call any other President Mr

Listened to President Obama re-elected from BBC World Update: Daily Commute

I heard ppl say ima only vote Obama and leave! Noooooooooo u gotta vote for the House  Senate seats too so that they

Waking up very happy with Obama's reelection. Good for you USA :)

Everyone in my first period is mad as heck about Obama

Palin Says Democrats gain state legislative wins on Obama's coattails  #teaparty

That amazing moment when you wake up  your parents tell you Obama won  you start crying . Suckk it Romney #E

Revealed the lawyers who helped Obama win second term in White House

The value of a brand ideal. Obama's Win: What It Teaches Business  via

WAKING UP HATING on #OBAMA UMMMMM BRUSH YOUR TEETH 1st

Global shares gain, dollar slips after Obama win: LONDON (Reuters) - World shares and gold rallied  #news #London

people don't get how much this election meant to those who's family was effected negatively thanks to Obama.. mine was o

Obama in an emotion ridden acceptance speech. Vivilla vivilla Barrac.

congrats obama I guess haha

Pissed that Obama won.. Haven't people seen what he already did to this country..

is doing the damn thang with Martin Luther King and President Obama mix!!! #WEAREONE

Hey Republican watsup men ! I think it hurts to loose after all the - talk on Obama .So you're Democrat now ? Plis u r fake

President Clinton very happy that Obama gave him large role/he lives breaths it/got over his upset Obama said come home

Morning ,  felt good too wake up  know that my nigga obama president   # OBAMA  NATION  !!!

#election2012 Congrats to #Obama The freedom to vote is rocking  | The country has spoken!!

I bet y'all didn't know Obama care plan was originally passed in Massachusetts under Romney views and he actually cre

I look forward to having everything for the next four years be Mitt Romney's fault.

Nicki Minaj of all peoole should of been the last mf rooting for Romney. Bitch must forgot sge wasnt shit til Lik Wayne found her ass.

I thinks it's kinda funny, people were acting like Romney was Jesus and was going to erase the debt in a day and personall

It's 8 in the morning I REALLY don't want to hear your opinion about Obama still being president.

I would have loved to have lived in the 50's just for the music. That said, thanks USA for not giving Romney the chan

IF Romney won, would I be upset? Sure. But I wouldnt spout hatred and wish ill on my country. THAT is Anti-American.  #Obama #2Terms #Deal

Praying for Obama and the four years ahead of him, whether I agree or not, he is my president  I will encourage &am

I really hope the best for america, it needs a good leader right now, and i really hope obama can do more with the years ahead

I don't want to talk to nor hear anyone who doesn't look like me talk about Obama just to avoid the feeling of being prejudice..

Did my part. Glad my vote counted.. #obama

Romney, passing out resumes all over town today. #sorrybabe #obamanation

what the heck is wrong with america you people are dumb OBAMA is the president again deal with it. He's the best president ever

Obama won Romney home state . That's a shame his own state don't wont him

oh yeah see that's ridiculous. Just like I don't have a job because I voted for Obama? It's ridiculous

I'm black so I definitely voted for Obama? I definitely did not and with good reason! But i will pray for him. ever

Obama beats Romney! Thank god the election is over!

Seems weird to say, but Mourdock  Akin actually helped Obama by their rape positions. Don't piss off the women or you will pay!!!!

Instead of bringing Obama down, lets do everything in our American power to fix out great nation

and people vote for Mitt Romney because of the size of their daddy's bank account so don't tell me this is one sided

I liked a video from  Obama Celebrates Movember Style!

thanks to brak obama , 2nd time make prresident of amerika.

I Wish People Would Stop Retweeting Wat Mitt Romney Saying

So Obama won that's not right because Romney had the lead for a while

Obama woke up this morning and said to Joe you was right LAST NIGHT BANDS MADE MICHELLE  DANCE!

My President Black, Im Black Too , Romney Need To Get Back To Wtf He Used To Doo !!

i see all these Obama fans still at it today

congrats to Obama! Yay! Now can we have some info about the album? :3

I'm so incredibly happy that Obama has won. And remember. There's a reason why.

Fuck everyone that voted for obama your fucking idiots!!

Americans voted Obama because they want to be handed something for nothing in exchange. That is not what this country

OMG !! YES Obama won :) asdfghjkl lol a lil late but thank goodness

obama won and mom and dad are fighting

OBAMA! Real nigga! All day! By his self! 1 nation! 2 terms! Fresh cut! White house! Mitt, you ready to go night night nigga? *Kevin hart vo*

roses are red, violets are blue. i feel bad for romney, boo hoo hoo.

Obama man I ain't feel like working hook me up with those stamps and check cuz and for retry kid I have send me more money! #LifeOfAThief

After Obama got reelected, gas shot up 12 cents. Congrats Obama? #AmericaIsScrewed

I though we could at least take the Senate. #ImpeachObama. #TweetCongress You had better impeach Obama 4 Benghazi alone.  Biden, Clinton c

I know but I wasn't doing anything yesterday so I decided to vote for Obama again

Woke up to hearing some great news.! Congratz to #Obama !

OBAMA wonI just found out?!

My gut was a decline in the event of an Obama win but it was not based on anything technical

No acknowledgement of why the GOP lost, just more criticism of Obama.

Divided electorate gives President Obama second term |

no way elizabeth warren is beating obama and romney..classic

I honestly hate obama and everything he will do for this country. #ohwait

Maybe we'll get lucky and the world will end December 23 if Obama doesn't ruin it before that

So Obama won? Fuck yeah, can't wait for nothing to happen in Canada!

talking bout wat have obama done ? lol  wat was mitt rodney going do beside fuck us over even more ?

when my mom heard the radio say that yesterday people are because of obama's win and the people that smoke weed she started laughing

they're more liberal than America They've had Obama care for a long time man.

no the bible tells us he will decieve us all and destroy us all. obama hates america. read the bible. it tells u everything happening

Thinking about the amount if money spent in the campaigning of Romney  All for nothing

My teacher mad Obama won lol

#TopStories Hope, relief in China at Obama win: China was a whipping boy on the U.S. campaign trail. So now that

Hey, just look at Mis-fitt Romney's concession speech gathering. All you saw was Pilsbury flour.

After listening to Romney's concession speechI can only respect the man and his values(y). 9ja politicians r u there??

Looks like its true what they say then America, once you go black, you never go back haha well done obama

You won again Pres. Barrack Obama

World congratulates Obama, as foreign policy challenges abound  (cc: #JIDF

haaaaaa u mad!!!! Tell Romney take is ass back home!! We got 4 more yrs to go!!!!

Not one person on my TL has anything good to say about Romney lol

Today we gone notice the teachers that voted romney causee they gone have bitchy attitudes .

GoodMorninq TL ! P.s Happy To Have Obama In The White House This Mourninq !(:

Good to see Romney not triumph even when all not going so well for US. Consider also that GW Bush was re-elected. Did romney have a chance?

Obama rhymes with Osama and Osama was the worst terrorist we've ever encountered. Mitt rhymes with grit, which means hard WORK.

: We Gonna Have A Good Day #OBAMA !.

Kenya declares tomorrow a public holiday for Obama's win.

Our announcements at King should play happy feelings  let us groove like the Obama's were lastnight!

Came back to #Kabul from #Badakhshan and #Takhar provinces after a few disconnected days and knew about the Obama victory. Nice news!

I got a feeling riq country ass gone get a red, white, and blue Obama headband

don't cry too hard today!!!   Romney couldn't even win his state he governed and neither did ryan

Haha the Romney trolls I have seen today have been epic.

Playing a song just for Obama right now on

we in here arguing with this white girl cause obama won  romney dumb ass didn't . im finna slap this white bitch in the mouth !

four more years, the best is yet to come! thank you obama

Markets brush off Obama win amid gridlock concerns

After such a grueling campaign, I wonder if Obama can even be arsed to do another 4 years.

Everybody on my Facebook talking about some race or some Kenyan's and endurance and swiftness.. Oh snap! Its #Obama

$$DID U C OBAMA,S NEPHEW BEHIND HIM ON STAGE WITH THE KID  PLAY HAIRCUT LOL$$ KID  PLAY HAIRCUTS N DA WHITE HOUSE$

He is Romney of Pakistan. Garbled :P

im happy obama won so imma tweet about it.

#obamalad #4moreyears barack-obama-barackobama-barack-obama-barack-obama-barackobama

Despite predictions otherwise, youth support for Obama rose this election

Obama mola! Four years more! !

Move over, Obama; Twitter had a big night too - Yahoo! News India  via

I really hope Obama does something for our country this time. We need all the help we can get. #keepingopenminded #makemeabeliever

Need a reason to smile? Look at this photo of celebrating Obama's win. It's amazing.

Why the fuck do I keep hearing people say Romney won the popular vote? He didn't Obama won it. #ObamaBiden2012

Guess who's Barack, Barack again? Obama's back, Romney's dead #Obama #Obama #Obama

Obama: We remain more than a collection of red states and blue states. We are (cont)

Thank you Ahmad!     4 more years of Obama and me :-)

Fox Insider: Fox News Exit Polls: Why Did President Obama Win Re-Election?: Fox News Insider has compiled some e ht

The markets don't like that Obama got re-elected, short mode engage!

Wait, so serious question.is Mitt Romney unemployed now? #ha #ironic #election2012 #Obama2012 #america

Yuh. Obama won a nigga can go to college

Romney billboard on spring st has officially been removed! Not playin no games! #obama2012

Even though Obama is president Oklahoma got all their state questions accepted. Good things are happening people. #GodsInCharge

Even though Obama got re-elected and our Levy didnt pass. smile, its pizza day!

I knew Obama was still going be President. I just had that feeling.

Racial topics still floating? It's evident that race isn't a major problem anymore. If that was the case, Obama wouldn't be Pres.

ATTN White People: If You Come To Me About This Obama Shit Your Getting Your Ass Whooped.

DEY MUST OF BEEN SUM ROMNEY VOTERS

Aptly singing version of Barack Obama loudly throughout today #election

Seniors who voted for Obama know not what they do. Wait until Obamacare kicks in.

hopefully staples or office max will allow Romney to return his binders. He doesn't have that many women according to results

I'm not mad that Obama won, but all this #2termz shit is just ridiculous.

I don't get why so many people are dogging Obama for being pro-choice when Romney said he'd allow circumstantial abortion. Seems similar

#RT IF YOU ALWAYS HAD FAITH IN OBAMA FROM THE START

I don't know what you're talking about. Even if I don't live in the States, I can say Obama has made a good job so far and you shouldn't

WOW that tells us something!!!!! America got it right! #Forward2012 #Obama

I refused to believe that of Black ppl. Now I know it's true. Blacks need a sugar daddy and Obama is it.

Yall white people mad?? Lol #Obama

You are welcome to everyone that Obama is going to give healthcare to by upping the working people's taxes and healthcare costs.

New topic.. Why does everybody hate Obama

my nigga back on the bricks bitch OBAMA

I guess I'm only allowed one miracle.comeback a year. #stlcards #romney

Everybody is celebrating Obama's win. Ask those asses if they can name the current President of India itself. #JustSaying.

YOU REPUBLICANS did this to the economy! NOT Obama!!!

Barack Obama was re-elected! We all celebrating, cracking jokes, its a great day, why you all so mad for? Lol

Thanking god for another unpromised day for letting OBAMA BE PRESIDENTS

I need an Obama sweater though because it's cold outside.

Obama won Virginia ! So i no he won Florida !

Mitt romney was born rich , yall cant vote for a nigga who never ate ramen noodles !!!!!!! #truu

Just because someone didn't vote for Obama DOES NOT mean they're racist. #annoyed

Obama re-elected to lead US out of financial crisis. Famous slogan was Yes We Can. With emphasis on can and continuin

Thankful  Blessed 2 be amongst the land of the living  be apart of another momentous occasion, OBAMA being PRESIDENT for 4 more yrs!

Man is it cuz Romney didn't win

#4moreyears of Obama, lets just hope he doesn't install chips in our hands. #Obama2012

I wonder if Lady Godiva's is gonna do their Obama countdown again?

I got my Obama tee on i might get sent hm lol

Obama won! so happy! he's the best

Millions of evangelical Christians prayed for Romney, proving again that nothing fails like prayer.

Romney's final campaign moments reveal a lack of reality in the republican leadership; convinced of victory in the throws of defeat.

Was it racist to vote for Romney, or to vote for someone just because he is black.  #knowwhyyouvote

Well at least with #Obama winning, I'll feel less pressure to get a job after college. #FoodStamps #Welfare #WhoNeedsJo

OBAMA! Four more years. Same-sex marriage, legalized marijuana - oh my! America - definitely a new (better) age has began.

God bless president Barack Obama. Thank you God 4 guiding him wf Godly wisdom  righteousness.#proverbs 14:34

they cus romney didnt win lmao

If Dumb person like ManMohan can win be our primeminister twice,then a smart person like obama can easily lead America for next few decades.

Obama can take his health care plan and shove it up his keester. I am not partaking in it

If Obama wins im leaveing the country if Romney wins im leaveing the country .this has nothing to do with politics.. I just want to travel(:

you support obama!? i thought were on republican side

I just gained alotta respect for for that Obama retweet .. #ThatsRealShit

OBAMA RE ELECTED, maybe the mayans were not that right.

A Romney voter will tell u why they didn't vote for Obama before they can tell u why they voted for Romney lol

Ach Romney you have to say that. Whatcha really think?

no because u didnt vote for the opposition if u dont like obama there were other options u still dont havw that right

So salty Romney, so salty

I'm ready to hear Hall of Fame speech *calls Obama*

Well done for Barack Obama. Barack oba ba ra ma ca ra? Did I start it right haha! #Fail

The best Election Night tweets: President Barack Obama, first lady Michelle Obama, Vice President Joe Biden and

Thankful to wake up with Obama as the President. But I've only slept 2 1/2hrs in past 32 hours. BO-Can a sister get an exc

shittt nobody can't get over the fact that #Obama is president they are just mad smh

With obama wining pray for the usa cause he will spend us to death and tax us to death god help us all

yes of courseeeee .. OBAMA ALL THE WAY :) don't say to me that you don't support Obama ?

CME students choose Romney, Klobuchar - Chanhassen Villager: CME students choose Romney, KlobucharChanhassen Vil

Smh Not ALL White People Are Racist, Smh Half Of Our Black Community Voted For Romney Too.

Obama has always promised to do the same, he IS for small business too, AND the middle man, not just the top man! We will be fine

Fox News Argues With Itself Over Whether Obama Won  via ONCE AGAIN TARDY FOR THE PARTY!!!

Had a shot for my man Obama last night

Obama is such a useless ball less piece of shit.

Leader of the Free World: Obama's 2nd-Term Foreign-Policy Priorities - Heather Maher - The Atlantic

Oh yeah. Obama doesn't love coal as much as Romney. $ACI $ANR $BTU $CNX $WLT all getting crushed in pre-market trading.

News flash ppl, we were already in debt before Obama. I could go on but I'm over this topic

I'm glad Obama won he did do some good this past term just cause it wasn't huge doesn't mean it's insignificant we were fucked before Obama

America sucks.  I gave $250 to Romney and that wasn't enough?

So I guess everyone who voted for Obama is on welfare or smokes pot haha the ignorance!! I'm going to stay off Facebook for awhile

Get in the car with my sister and she starts complaining about Obama. I wish people would educate themselves, maybe I'd argue with you.

Fuck the election its over obama won so live wit it

Obama return to the white house, what next for syria.

it's good to know that the free world still exists with obama's victory #Obama2012

lmao Obama did not get 4 more years just for you to continue to be ratchet!!

New Jeezy song for Obama's second termGood stuff!!!

Obama re-elected with economy looking nothing like the one he inherited.  Risks remain but outlook sane.  JV #ows

s/o to the ppl who r salty af that obama won

shut the fuck up about leaving the country. If you want to move just because Obama won you dont fucking deserve to live here anyway #soangry

lol someone told me that they'd basically rather have a job than rights as a woman, because ya know, Romney's got a plan

Wonder how hard Obama and Michelle fucked last night.#TookItTooFar #DontCare

These anti-Obama tweets and statuses would be mildly more effective if they were at least grammatically correct #justsayin

What the  Obama's Historic Victory - HAIL O'CAESAR

So who's #Obama  going to blame for the last 4 years?

What  a good as night #obama #won and im all most done with my #mixtape :-)

Obama, fresh from re-election, has little time to savor win -

Wish I could walk up to Romney and laugh in his Mf face !!! Lmao

Why do people keep saying that since Obama was re-elected that the Second coming of Christ is going to take place??? I don't like this!

Did you miss Barack Obama's victory speech last night? Watch it here:  #election2012

my black friends on fb are calling White Romney a snake and all of my white friends are mad A.F that Obama one! it really is hilarious!

Romney supporters, stop actual crying and having breakdowns. Nothing is going to happen to you. You're still rich and white, you'll be fine.

Tired of hearing about the election tho. It's over now,  Obama is our president. Everyone needs to pray forreal..

BREAKING: Several hours into Obama's second term, planet has yet to explode. Conservatives baffled.

Beyonce writes open letter to Obama upon his re-election  Obama second term in office is now confirmed

give me 3 reasons why someone should have voted obama

obama won the election, hello deep debt

Not getting how #IfRomneyWins was #1 Trend last night, but Obama supporters are shelling out telling Romney supporters to shut up LOL

Wornama ni instant yi Obama mi ngui grace matinee! We the people nak gni ngui husle! Dedett way c pa juste! Jai sommeil!

Well, that was actually a very classy speech by Romney.

With that being said, #GoodMorning #Obama WAKE YO ASS UP AND PUT SOME SHIT IN EFFECT! I don't feel like working for no chinese man.

Duder. Last night was pretty insane! Sooooo stressful but insane and fun I wonder if Obama won fl and oh!

So what are everyone's thoughts on Obama winning the election? #Obama2012

So the Iraq War is over just because Obama said so?Bullshit. If Iraq wanted to bomb the US again, they'd do it without the OK from him.

America has its own problems. Let Obama concerntrate on internal matters. #whys

4 years ago Obama became president and I was a freshman in high school. Now he's reelected Im in college and so muc

Obama says hes going do all this for us, but like the man Johnny Mayer says, when they own the information, they can bend it all they want.

He may not be perfect but I'm glad the American people gave President #Obama a second chance to finish the good work he started #better4all

It's OBVIOUS that Obama was wanted for another four years. If he wasn't, he OBVIOUSLY wouldn't be in office. For four more years.

Oh and Jeezy made a song within 30min of President Obama getting re-elected. Lemme find that link.

I hope that now, in the spirit of unity, Mr. Romney will share his secret plan to create 12 million new jobs, with the President.

Obama won the popular vote too, by a large margin. It just happened well after your bedtime.

Felt good to see I got the same commander and chief for another four years #obama respect

OT  Romney sings about his concession   - thanks schmoyoho  $$

Obama Creates History in USA 2012 ! Modi creates History in India 2012, 2013 and 2014 ;)

And the world breathes a sigh of relief. Congratulations Mr President, the best man won! #Obama

Y'all are so happy because Obama Won that you fail to care that The Almighty God is about to destroy this world! #en

Obama has divided our country. Abe said a house divided cannot stand!

4 more years for the economy to slow down, jobless to rise, more ppl to get on welfare, more debt, and Obama changing us to socialist

We had your back all the way homie sesame st to the death #Obama!!!

No more blaming Bush .now when shit is screwed up it is Barrack Hussein Obama's fault!!!!!!!

ugh, i only have like 3 romney supporters on my facebook and i'm about to defriend them xD

I have to agree with most of what Mr. Trump is saying, obama is nothing but a liar and a fraud, and America deserves better.

Seriously though, all the people who said they were leaving if Obama got re elected, Leave

Slept good. Especially knowing Obama is still our President!!

So happy that Obama gets 4 more years!!!

Down goes the #TeaParty! Down goes #Romney! Down goes the #GOP! Now we can focus on progressive issues like #equality and #climatechange.

Suck it up! We survived Bush (the creator of this mess) for 8 years, yall can survive Obama for 4 more.

Got so happy today when I saw that Obama won!! :D

Obama told me not to waste my life he said spread ur wings my little butterfly

The only thing you obama supporters are saying romney don't know what it means to struggle, you think obama ever struggled financially? Nah

OBAMA HEEFT GEWONNEN, YOUR ARGUMENT IS INVALID

Obama won and weed is legal in Colorado and Washington #noproblemshere

Please quit saying republicans are mad cuz Obama got elected  he's black. He's 1/2 white too so race can't be a de

Iran to take center stage again on new-old President Obama's agenda - Haaretz  #iranelection

As soon as 2008 had voted, #Romney staffers inside the McCain shop put out a raft of lies about Palin.

Some White Folks don't like the fact Obama won but fuck em

My shit Barackin in da hood , those Obama bricks

Obama dont have nothing to do w/ the states legalizing weed ,

That's awesome The Trump giving a thumbs up to Obama winning!!!

As I look at Mitt Romney, he should have spoken clearly about how his business skills, would have made him successful leading the economy.

Of course they can. That's what an exit poll is.  Obama won Catholics. #prochoice

- I'm so GLAD, except for POOR Chris Matthews, who didn't get personally thanked by Obama. I guess he'll move to FOX News soon!

Ugh Im so tired of hearin about how great obama is! Hes not great! We have no jobs, were in poverty, and high taxes! Yeah, great president..

I hope whoever voted for romney knows that if he would've got elected we would've been fucked. No matter what age,gender,race, or sexuality.

Smh somebody said Mr. Broadstreet voted for Romney !!!

Congrats to the American people for making the right choice in Obama

Mr please u was tryna take out my family mouth so we would not b regretting our decision..THANK GOD ##TEAM OBAMA :-)

Waking up 2 president Obama being re-elected :-D

time to go to work. something half the people who voted for obama wouldnt know anything about.

All we did in 1st was talk about fuckin obama and romney? Like come on now its over get over it

Change will not come if we wait for some other person ortime. We are the ones we've been waiting forthe change that we seek.- Obama

After four more years I hope all the people that voted for Obama are embarrassed

SocialMedia/TechNEWS Popular Vote: Will Obama Take That, Too?: While the days leading up to the el  DouglasCastle

S/o to all the white people in my class including my teacher pissed that Obama won!!!! Smh

Big Hollywood: Dave Matthews Joins Obama, Clinton on Campaign Trail -  -  -  -  #tcot #TeaParty #p2

GM Yall up early all i can say is Team Obama str8 up waffle house time # another day another blessing

I love how Obama alwayssss mentions his wife ALWAYS

Michelle Obama's defo getting the D tonight!

Hollywood Stories How President Obama's Election Win Impacts Hollywood (Analysis)

Big congratulations on getting re-elected- Mr. Obama. It was a wise and right decision on the part of voters  #Obama

that's wasssup, now see if it was after the 9th I could have bt I'm still happy af obama still our president :)

#Obama just won n the holidays r coming! Y not spoil urself w/ some custom style jewelry?! #crystals #PandoraBracelets n more! Contact me!!

Looks like Obama has much cleanup after the last president. Oh wait, that was him. #NObama

I'm gonna fucking laugh at everyone voted for Romney at school l o l

It's ok Romney you won academy's election

If you don't have anything nice to say don't say anything at all! #Obama #Music #Video

well i'm glad obama loves his wife and his kids, that's nice. hopefully the next few months/years will bring less rhetoric, more action.

I'm really tired of people making it about his color. If Obama was white I would've still voted him.

New post: GOB BLESS AMERICA,,,GOD BLESS MITT ROMNEY,,,GOD BLESS LUCPARK: I may come BACK In a month I MAY NOT,,T

Woke up to the fact that Obama won. Too pissed off to get out of bed.

Yo anybody that didn't vote for/support or antagonized Mitt Romney because he's white is a damn fool smh

Good morning folks. Woke up feeling amazing. #Obama

I was so happy when obama won the election. 3

so she do this lyin ish on the regualr?smh first lady obama would strike you girl

People are really hoping Obama can work across party lines? It didn't happen in 4 years so you think it will giving him another 4?

Let ppl dickride Obama for now, it's pretty harmless as shit goes. Plus Obama is pro-choice - the end.

I do not give a lovely motherrrfuck if you like Obama or not, shit. Move bitches, go to Colorado, Smoke Sum, Fuck You, Shut up, done.

i cried listening to Obama's speech lol

Stop counting votes florida. Give it to romney if you want. Nobody gives a shit.

#news Barack Obama's US election win in 60 seconds: Barack Obama has been relected to a second term as U  #follow

I wanna c POTUS Obama go black ninja bruce lee on GOP this term word do the bin laden on em!

All These People Mad Cause Obama Won . Lmao

Holy shit, the photo the Globe chose to run with their Obama story makes him look like an evil lizard-alien

So many ignorant obama/romney posts, you think he wants to be affiliated with stupidity. Go get your education that'll make him proud

Republicans still control the house so all y'all out there saying ur vote counted doesn't mean anything because Obama about to be a puppet..

How can you afford to leave the country if Obama ruined your life. Lmao

Sometimes an old fashioned newspaper at your hotel doorstep is pretty cool #obama #4moreyears

tell me why you voted for obama then, I can tell you why I would have voted for romney

Oh, you're moving to Canada because Obama got reelected? Go ahead, I'm waiting

lol, you won't like it here as well. we pretty much have a female obama.

It's sad that the only reason Obama won is cause all the lazy motherfuckers just wanna not work and get a check. It's pathetic.

BBC News - Home: Obama posts record-breaking tweet:                     BBC News - Home                        T

listen, I'm not going to argue with you. America picked Barack Obama as their president. Deal with it or move.

After #Obama win, how civility can come to Washington. OPED:

Drove around my community this morning. All the Romney signs have magically disappeared. They snatched em up at 3am

Ay yo lemme get yo romney lawn signs. Ima sell that shit on pawnstars for real doe.

Everybody be safe bc u hve sum ppl who r mad about obama winnin

Barack Obama Wins Re-Election as 44th President of the United States!

I got 2 hunned  some followers and they ALL for OBAMA!! Dats right!!  #teamOBAMA

and white people helped Obama get back in office as well. That was just a ignorant comment. But whatevs

everyone who voted for Obama again.

Rappler Newscast | November 7, 2012 (part 1) Today on Rappler. America re-elects Barack Obama as it  #video #barackobama

Who has a newsfeed full of butthurt Romneyites that actually THINK Romney was any different than Obama? The

I agree with Obama with everything except same-sex marriage.

Glad i voted, even though Obama lost in NC

I kno everybody woke up wit no worries  dis mornin S/O to Obama

Yessss Obama doing his ting see Kenyans don't lose the long distance races

#Celebrity #Gossip Eva Longoria, Lady Gaga and other celebs celebrate Obama victory -  #AutoFollowBack Goo

it is very obvious that the hand of God is upon Obama

Thought #oomf was goin back 2 bedhe postin picz of Obama !. #2Terms *2 chainz voice

Mitt Romney has gone back to his career as a rapper and has already released the album cover of his next mixtape

A very tense morning in the romney mansion

Now who can Obama blame for shit pile he inherited?

Washington (DC) Post:  Iranians see reduced risk of war in Obamas reelection . More #Obama #news -

Four more years BARACK OBAMA *USA*

The great do-over opportunity for Obama isn't one policy/political issue. It's a chance to personally engage/persuade H

the fact that people are still complaining about Obama getting reelectedGET OVER IT! he's our president

My LATEST  Prez Obama's victory and its impact on the Dollar PLUS how ECB Prez Draghi Killed the EUR

I am very satisfied for Barack Obama:)

All you fuckin wealthy greedy fuckers should stop complaining about Romney not helpin your rich asses out. You'll still be rich with Obama

mitt Romney should become a rapper, his name will be Mittens R-money

I know one thing for Sure Obama better stoop these fuckin Drops.. I work hard to get an Income Tax nd its ppl out there gettin FREE MONEY..

oh I guess Obama won hahaha I did pay attention to the election at all so thanks for keeping me updated

My boss voted for Romney but ill be damn if he try to give me a hard time

It's a good day. Congratulation President Obama

Today is definitely a good day for us all #Obama #4moreyrs #firedup

If Obama ends the lockout then ill consider liking him

Black people aint gone know how to act, Every since OBAMA back in the hize!!!#BarackObama

Election is over,now watch the Romney supporters. #theycantbelievethewinsoherecometheexcuses

PRECISELY! CHRISTIE PLAYED FAST  LOOSE W OBAMA-BIG BEAR HUG-KISS OF DEATH 4 US ALL  HIS CAREER IS OVER! #TCOT RT

Overheard some girl saying she was crying cause Obama was really re-elected. Shut up.

Futures Point Lower as Obama Wins Re-Election | Fox Business  via

Wish I was home in bed but I'd rather be out spreading the good news PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA!!!!

I did not get on fb last night simply because I wanted to find out for myself throught the tele. hehehehe. whoo! #Obama #2012

Just wait till  Obama care kicks in full force  government intrusion into our private lives

Just read a Facebook status blaming Romney's loss on dumb kids who didn't study in college. My Cum Laude asks you to kindly suck it.

prolly cuz Obama already won no sense in rushing now lol

tough 2 call race while Romney still ahead in raw vote count, even with projection of what's left. Also, noVa vote count was late.

Obama rolled up a blunt, dimmed the lights, got some Champagne, and had a fuck Romney party with his wife!!

Your state might of voted for Romney but at least Obama won!

As I head into work todaysooooooooo proud of the DMV!!! We stood up and voted Obama.nuff said..we did our part!

Obama copied FDR's 1936,1940 re-election strategy. Dems blamed Hoover to success for years. Now they do it with Bush.

Gonna have to listen to all the butthurt Romney lovers all day today. #ShouldaStayedHome

Reuters: Iran cool to re-elected Obama and talk of talks: DUBAI (Reuters) - Iran reacted coolly to Barack Obama'

Jamie  Megan's conversation about Obama

GM WORLD WE DID IT AGAIN 4 MORE YRS OBAMA!!!

If Obama wins FL (presently leading), the final electoral count will be 332-206. He won every swing state: FL, OH, WI, VA, NV, IA, CO,  NH.

What does Obama's victory mean for action on global warming? - The Guardian (blog): BloombergWhat d  #sciencenews

3 black people told me they were going to kick my ass today because im racist towards obama #imstillwhite

You would think class would get canceled today seeing how we do go to an HBCU and Obama got re-elected

Ye see then how that by works a man is justified, and not by faith only. - James 2:24 BE BLESSED 2012 GO OBAMA

You knew GOP wasn't performing well when they lost both Romney and Ryan's home states. #Election2012

Once you go bl.arrack obama, you can never go back. #TotallyNotAnOffense

See also Karl Rove's inability to accept Fox News calling Ohio for Obama

Well my timeline is nothing but Obama tweets. #IHATEPOLITICS

Seattle Times Markets brush off Obama win amid gridlock concerns

Obama First Since FDR Re-Elected With 7.9% Joblessness  via

Obama is presidentthere isn't shit you can do about it so stop bitching and deal with it!  Or move to Cananda!!!

53 House Members Demand Obama Answer Benghazi Questions

Mormon Church Congratulates President Obama

To all those idiots who voted for Barack Hussein Obama: You deserve what you're going to get in the next four years.

Obama Wins Reelection, Now Must Become A Climate  #ClimateProgress #BarackObama #Droughts #mapoli #p2

Red,  orange,  white,  green,  yellow black ..So what??/ OBAMA back in office.  Accept it. Respect it.  And STFU!!!!

the ASPCA needs to check on Romney's dog this morning. #Romney #Obama2012

It wouldn't matter who would have one the election we'd have just as many people pissed off if Romney won! It's always a lose, lose sitch!

Well, we certainly dodged that bullet, eh, America? #Obama #2012

Viewing Mitt Romney's Concession Speech in 3 Minutes or Less

My President is black, my mustang is too and I'll be gah damned if Obama came through! REMIX! :)

And with that I'm done. Congrats to my President and also congrats to Romney for running a tough campaign.

I don't know how they got this Obama pic

Romney's concession speech was inspiring.so many of the good principles of this country's future begin in our own hom

Already arguing in class about Obama! #Its #Still #Obama #Bitch

A Divided U.S. Gives #Obama More Time | THE NEW YORK TIMES

I'm sad to see the people expressing such hatred at the re-election of Pres. Obama. I didn't vote for him, but I'm confident that

I didn't think the Obama side would show up like they did, how could they be so excited after the job he did? I was wrong BIG.

Still over the moon that  won the election ! And I'm not even from USA :P RT If your proud of Obama ! #Y

think that if o didnt win ohio already romney may have still got pop vote. all west coast states follow winner

follow the story and don't feel despondent, Romney is gone. Hope persists.

8 years ago, Bush used gays as a wedge. 4 years ago, we lost #Prop8. Tonight, Obama won,

I myself couldn't be happier about the results of all this :) #democrat #Obama

I expected twitter and fb to be annoying but dumb fucks posting Obama face was like holy shit kill me now so I stayed away lol

Obama in.  Daniels out.  I'm happy.

#Forex #Futures #Mkt The Energy Report - Pricing in More Pain: Futures markets correctly priced in an Obama vict

no I mean obviously Obama created that with his crazy democrat views.

What a joke! Blame the media for Romney's fuck-ups. The mainstream media tipped the scales - Fox News  via

Stock futures drop after Obama reelection, Draghi gloom on economy: NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stock index futures wer

This salty white kid just locked my lock around my door. Somebodys be mad Romney lost.

Fox News to investigate 58.7 million people conspiring to throw the election to Obama.

Todays online paper states- Obama, area Republicans win races- The only Dem running was and Sherrod refused to debate her.

RT #LatinoStyle pray for president #Obama works!. Now president #Obama lets pray to de Edwin y ht

Big bird just fucked you up Romney.

You voted for Romney  you suck Red Bulls. You hate winning championships.  Bull NY)

some wasted $40,000 on breakfast with Romney in Jerusalem.  Would have done better eating humous

God bless Obama! Pls bring back the strong as ever US economic back to usual!

OBAMA = Original Black African Managing Americans

The Feeling you get knowing Obama is still your president

The election is over Obama won how long is everyone gonna continue to rant on twitter???

she clearly said she was trolling about the Romney thing

Ok time to turn up I told mfs have faith in a black man I knew they wouldn't let Romney fuk shit up like that

But it shouldn't be about the colour of his skin, Obama has been re-elected for his leadership skills and his policies

Obama is president again, which was deserved.

McCain lost nationally by 10%. Romney looks like he lost by closer to 2.5%. That says something.

A journey through Obama's re-election

If Obama would just follow through on what he says, he wouldn't be all that bad. But he doesn't. Soooo, he sucks.

Those of you who hate Obama's fricken guts! But what we really need to be working on is this division which is gonna do far more damGe

RT You mention Obama and get everyone's attention..You mention Jesus Christ and people overlook  ht

Message to my white friends. It takes way longer to clean up a mess than it does to create one. Obama is a man not GOD

Congratulations to re-elected Pres Obama and to almost elected Pres Romney for civilized conduct of USA Elections.May Ame

Romney's concession speech makes him look like a sensible and well-reasoned guy. Where has he been during the campaign?

EveryBody Was Looking Shock When OBAMA Won !!!!!!!

That mitt Romney bar by nicki was hard tho y'all just don't get it..

Somebody new to get Obama a shirt that say HATED ON MOSTLY! Cause ppl just ugggh

so voting for Romney would have made us not ignorant?

Like bruh, damn you really that mad bout Obama winning ?

Via On The Issues: How Obama Prevailed

i find it sad that people try say we only dislike obama for his skin color. clearly you dunno who youre speaking to bc thats not the issue

Fuck everyone who dislike Obama damn racist peopleHe is our president NOW!!! Hate it or love it

Wow so all of you who said Romney would have won the popular vote can shut up because he didn't good try though maybe ne

Obama is NOT our president. He is going to do absolutely jack for you as a South African so keep quiet.

Oh yeah and in slightly less important news Obama was re-elected as President, in a stunning result that shocked precisely 5 people wordwide

HA TRUE   Jared is fangirling right now about Obama's victory. #ProbablyATrueStory

NIGGAHHH went to sleep hearing about Obama and mitt Woke up hearin about them niggahhhs DAMNNNNNNIT'S OVA OBAMA WON

Shout out to all the racist that thought we couldn't do it again moving America forward #Obama

All the binders of women in all of the world couldn't elect Mitt Romney last night. #ObamaFTW

Thanks! Both of Obama  Romney made really great speeches. Not only the result but also their attitudes touched my heart!

I just don't get it. 53% are unhappy with the direction of the country, yet Obama is given 4 more years. #whatamimissing

Obama is my president but God is my King

But my God is bigger and even if Romney ends up winning somehow, my God is still on His throne and still controls everything. #Jeremiah29:11

My boss - fuck Obama, fuck Romney, either way we makin money! Smile and dial

I used to not care who won president but now I wanna know why no on likes Obama

Romney didn't win the popular vote, he was at first but in the end Obama did

A white guy wont let people in his store wearin Obama's shirt , Guess Im buyin A shirt , Wrappin it around a brick  tossin it thru a window

fuck u racist asshole stop hating on Obama

Cine: Michelle obama dances! Hahah  #dance #MichelleObama she bad!!!

Lmao I LOVE this!!!! Repost  you GO OBAMA!! #youGOGlenCoco #noneforMittRomney

I'm positve the republicans intended to lose this election. So they can pin the unavoidable recession on Obama to ensure the 2016 election

Congrats to President Obama! We couldn't be happier with the results of the election. Watch his victory speech here:

I'm so tired this morning from yesterday's #election but it was worth waiting to see #OBAMA take in America again!

Ive been at school for 5 min, if i hear one more thing about obama, Im gonna die. #annoyed!

Boy my mentions got mad love last night thanks to the election. Obama helpin me out already

Obama kept me up last nite so no school for me today

If Obama didn't get laid last night he didn't win shit.

of ya don't stop taking about obama ! that was yesterday , imma kill ya .

Listen to song celebrating Barack Obama victory

It makes me laugh when Romney supporters pretend and bitch about struggles that they'll go through now that Obama w

I wrote Obama a letter and my taxes were audited and I had to pay a second time for something I had paid for  th

I have the same excitement from four years ago when I voted for Obama . So happy my president made it another four years!

If Romney had of backed making Weed legal nationally he would have won Oh well

Duh  of course we should go, right?  To commemorate Obama's victory, I'm

i didn't know obama won till i got to school this morning..i was so tired lastnight

#election2012 #4moreyears #Forward #Obama2012 Just because I feel American, I'm happy for America to have Obama again! congrats! :)

President Obama, Congress, Fix the Tax Code Now: The government's out of excuses.

Even if he Obama had lost the popular vote (he didnt) it would be the would the most ungodly injustice since well, 2000

But y'all can continue on with the racism cause its not gona change the fact that Obama is President of the United States!

Haven't seen 1 single conservative thank Obama supporters for keeping tampons on the shelves. You're welcome anyway. #pluggingtheleak

happy about Obama, happy about gay marriage, and hoping for the best. #thingsmightturnaroundafterall

You bitching on Twitter or Facebook isn't gonna change the fact that Obama won and Romney lost. #getoverit

nor'easter coming. Will likely lose power again. But hallelujah-  we are not looking down that Romney/Ryan road!

Conservative #WKLH morning show hosts, Dave, Carole and KB gotta be twisting in their seats to deliver the Obama victory news.

If you rub Obama in my face, I will personally decapitate you

I really hope nothing happens to Obama#JoeTheBurden

Romney Could End Up With Less Votes Than McCain Got In 2008

I listened to both sides of the campaign, Obama ain't for America, he's for America becoming a giant pussy.

Where do all these people get that by voting for Obama I'm not a Christian. Get real and go back to what you were doing.

If any race won this for Obama it was the Latinas

CEEEEELEBRATE GOOD TIMES - COME ON!!!!!!!! I AM SOOOOO EXCITED AND IN A GOOD PLACE RIGHT NOW!  OBAMA IS A SUPER

For those of you who missed Obama's victory speech ?last night

The streets was tooo TurntUp when Obama got Re-Elected

Haha saw this magazine at publix yesterday that said Obama sold cocaine in college #presidentialshit hahaha

four more uears well done PRESIDENT OBAMA :)

Obama won 80% of the non white votes, Romney won 60% of the white votes. #CNN

Woke up. Obama is still president and the bullshit Illinois pension law failed. Good start to a morning. :)

No Anna, He/we were for Romney and now is really arguing with the TV.it can be exhausting! LOL

Congratulations to President Obama and the USA!  Now we can continue to go FORWARD!

The one group, SENIOR CITIZENS, I don't understand, voted for Romney. That is the one group who are old enough to know b

I'm so excited because this means Obama can be a liberal now, right?!?

Hah. MrObama winning the election reminds me of the lil wayne remix song.. Obama Obama obama obama..

Tired of Bronco Bamma and Mitt Romney.  well it's over Honey!

President Obama wins re-election to a second term   via

Obama all the way! 2012 I wonder who is next?

- Get off TWITTER while you in school .. Your only up here cause OBAMA won .. Lmao . I just made my teacher mad Jay

Obama won now you u broke hoes safe!

So do Romney is our President shirts go to Bangledash with the Detroit Tiger World Series Champs shirts???

Sidebar: Obama victory rally was great but for one thing. NO BOOZE. A Democratic election party in Chicago with no bar? Blasphemy.

Get it together. Obama won TWICE. Obviously white people support him. Stfu.

before I tell you, yes it does matter that Obama is a Muslim. Does that fact he's lying mean anything to you?

1st prd was awesome we watch the election :) im proud of my president BARACK OBAMA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The world will not end just because Obama got elected #DumbGirl #GrowUp

OBAMA just emailed me!!!! Lol. #4moreyears #2terms #teamobama

#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen All the older people in your first class are super pissed that Obama won Lolol

won here in Arkansas with (60/75 counties reporting) 60% of vote. That's an anti-Obama vote, not pro-Romney.

This 2nd term victory for Obama means Malia will most likely lose her virginity while living in the White House.

To all the Obama haters u get the Ibaka n the HeBitch dance

Is it tacky if I wear my other Obama shirt today?

Reading: What #Obama's second-term Cabinet might look like: If history guides, big changes likely.

Talked 2 a Canadian cheering for Obama's win,  told me 2 suck it up. #WTF?!?!? Told me it was because we're economic partners. #WTH?!?!?

Kiara dumb ass just said Michelle Obama Got the re-elected dick lastnight.

Im sure half these kids tweeting about obama winning really dont give a shit

last person out of the room please unplug mitt romney

it was a joke. Even Obama said he got it and didnt take it to heart. But im just saying shes always supported him. Thats all.

I love the Obama pic I tweeted. I read it in Jay-Z voice lol

It's funny because everyone hates on Obama but I would like to see half these people even try to run for president #shutup #ignorant

I do agree with people who feel Obama is the better choice, but why do you feel you have to choose the lesser of two evils? ma

Go Obama! Im so giddy right now! Lol

Obama won popular  electoral votes so even tho Indiana is a red state, your votes still count for somethin!

Yay obama won(: ii juss found ett out .

they said last night that 90% of blacks voted Obama and 60 something % Latinos voted Obama. Hmmmm.

Newly-reelected Obama: We know in our hearts that for the United States of America, the best is yet to come.

It's going to be interesting in how the 757 is going to change, with Obama and all of the military cuts he wants.

OUR President was re-elected at 11:30pm. Didn't speak until 1am. Because Myth Romney only had a victory speech. That spea

#News Asgardian civilians came to earth and voted for Obama #ObamaUniversalTeam

ES OBAMA LPM! ES IMPOSIBLE NO AMARLO!

But likeeeeee why yall fightin doe? Lol Obama woonn.I don't get iiitttt! *Kevin Hart voice* lol

It would be lovely if obama will be the president of the entire world .

Good Morning y'all say a prayer for Obama

Do y'all know that Were still NOT SAFE , just cause Obama won??!!! Read between the lines people

labron got a ring n obama got anotha4 years fuk yall haters n non believers

'We r greater than the sum of our personal ambitions,we r the United States of America'Barack Obama.#WhatASpeech

The uninformed masses won this election for Obama. A nation of misguided freeloaders.

Lol damnn..folkz alreadii getting iin trouble abt sayin sum abt tha election ..!! Dont be mad cuz Obama got relected !!!#TeamObama .!!!

If I want to be kind and congratulate my president without disrespecting Romney then let me. If Romney won you woul

I'm very happy Obama won! Whoop Whoop. :D

yeah I agree Romney was a little extreme, just Obama caused billions worth of debt or something?!

Dez white folks at work walkin around mad af, it prolly don't help i scream Obama every hour at the to of my lungs Lol

'Divided U.S. Gives Obama More Time' - not the most optimistic headline  #soundslikejailtime

Lol all my neighbors took out there Romney ads .

#Lions Detroit athletes celebrate re-election of Barack Obama

It was great last night seeing all different colors and races of ppl coming together celebrating for Obama #believeinthepeople

My family wasn't this much against Obama 4 years ago. But we had good reason to this year. Our country is headed in t

President Obama won 58 percent of the vote in Davidson County, where Democrats also won two close House races by narrow margins. #tnelect

Obama is successful in fundamentally transforming America. Yesterdays electorate more dependent on govt than any in history. #goodbyeAmerica

I'm also pursuing my education. Romney is telling us to borrow from our parents to fund it, I might a

Live life on your terms. Dont let other people's ideas  opinions of what you should do become stronger than your own. GOOD OBAMA MORNING!

To everyone who said they'd move to Australia if Obama won.

In this election Romney and Obama spent 95 percent of their time and money in just 10 states the states that matters  Just saying

Oh, and if we all get to go the rest of our lives without ever seeing Mitt Romney's condescending smirk again that will be a very good thing

QUE FELICIDAD GANO OBAMA, POR QUE MI NEGRITO TIENE TUMBAO

To think that Mitt Romney was at one stage neck and neck with Barack Obama (according to constant

A lot more gay ass niggas bout to pollute my city thx Obama

* projections, built-up HOPES, d best is yet to come  n work together 2 built a new-tomorrow  r d mool-mantras by #Obama

Shut the hell up, and don't tweet me again. You're nothing but an Obama supporter who lives offf of Hard Working Americans.

OBAMA GANHOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU?????????????? *OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO* SEU LINDO

why HLN have President Obama with those big monkey ears????

All these rappers and singers was voting for Romney like they asses wasn't struggling at a point in life smh.

What Can Obama Do About Climate Change?

Why would you vote for Obama.. why. seriously. no joke. why. forreal..why.

Ok, show of hands, who cried when they called Ohio for Obama?

So I start cheering that Obama won and then Papa Greenhalgh gets all serious about how he shouldn't of won, awkwarddddd

you know that a lot of blacks voted for obama simply because he is black, no other politi

Its a GREAT day!! The GREATEST President to ever serve this nation was re-elected!! President Barack H. Obama!!! #2Terms

Congrats President Obama on such a decisive win last night.  Thank you in advance for your continued leadership.

Congratulations to President Barack Obama. We look forward to 4 more years.

the AMERICAN workers would fight. Obama lovers would hang out till someone did it for them

So glad to see the world still spinning this morning after the #Obama win last night. I was a little worried it wouldn't be.

The Washington Post's campaign tick-tock. Note Obama's Harperesque use of early negative ads to define Romney

It's nice to wake up to all the tweets that support Obama and chuckle at those for supported Romney. #election2012

Interesting that if you research the stats Obama has the lowest growth figures since the Eisenhower Administration.

Im good - hope you are well - flying high after Obama's victory?! :) All set for LA? Have a great day mojomama!

so many romney supporters are sooo butt hurt. #SoreLosers.

SELAMAT HARI RAYA DARI OBAMA !

and cue all the hardcore texan republicans complaining to me about obama

You are a disgrace with your obvious hatred for Obama.  You tried every trick. Didn't work

Just had a conversation with my dad about pot.  #obama #Weird

Obama won already!!! so much for your worries this morning! :))

As much as I like that Obama won, I love that Wisconsin elected an openly gay senator and Maryland legalized same-sex mar

Obama is the only person I could ever listen to give a speech and not fall asleep or even check my twitter

#rochdale #middleton In Middle East, relief not euphoria at Obama win: DUBAI (Reuters) - A tw  #oldham #bury #tuc

We think not After all, the Obama administration has been directly bailing Europe out via the IMF. (US makes the biggest contributions)

Obama won and Mary j is legal in Colorado and Washington state for all users!!!

President Obama didnt have a campaign of division he had a campaign of diversity. We are a coalition representative of tomorrow

black people say that us white folks are racist just bc we vote for Romney when in fact 93% of the African American pop. voted for Obama

GOOD MORNING TO ALL.  HAPPY HUMP DAY.  CONGRATS TO OUR PRESIDENT OBAMA FOR GETTING REELECTED.  ALL WOMENS

People swear they didnt vote for obama just because he was black . But thats all ive been seeing smh . We gotta do better yal .

Romney didnt want to graduate Obama bc Romney was 100% sure he was gone win

Just because you tired of seeing Obama posts dont mean you gotta rain on anybody elses parade just LOG OFF!. #OBAMA :-)

Great minds think alike..Pres.Obama did what JayZ said he hopes to do:  Make the extraordinary..ordinary.

Here is my candid, humble attempt at a fair, unbiased response to yesterday's events. #election #obama #2012 #politics h

#4moreyears Obama 2012! I am so happy for America!

- 2 other states did the same thing last nightI was probably happier there than when Obama won

The good news for Romney fans is that under Obamacare all pre-existing conditions are covered, that includes being butthurt

nice to see other Obama supporters, he is one hopeful looking guy #TeamObama

CIOview The Morning Download: What Obama's Re-Election Tells Us About Business  - Wall Street Journal (blog)

I believe that all Obama supporters will be partying all day since they don't have a job to be at.

the obama 'four more years' tweet is well over 600k retweetswonder if it'll hit 1 million

Smith swole he probably voted for Romney

Mitt Romney won. He served his purpose: to prevent Ron Paul from going up against Obama. #RiggedElection

Woke up to find that obama won..made my shitty day yesterday ten times better

Aaaaand the Obama Rally is Underway!!!!  Dow Industs down -150 pts in just first 2 mins of trading. Forward to Taxmageddon!!

The tcot crowd needs to read up on Obama's record. The economy HAS improved under Obama. Also, please look up the def for the word socialism

Obama victory keeps blue streak going: Minnesota Republicans are probably tired of hearing that no GOP president

#Market futures down after #Obama re-election. This is what I will be dealing with as an #adviser and #business owner.

If the economy was the #1 issue for voters and Obama won decisively where was the Romney advantage?

My civics teacher got in her feelings cause Romney lost lol.

Barack Obama was Photobombed Yesterday - Remember this?

LOL all these Obama memes are hilarious

President Obama wins four more years as America delivers decisive verdict  via Hope still the key theme #Obama

Glad to know that my one vote counted towards Obama getting a 2nd term

Will President Obama's Re-election Impact HR issues?:

Top News Headlines: Obama Re-Elected; Romney Concedes: More headlines: GOP keeps control of House of

congrats usa 4 more years of MISERY #sucks #hate #obama

Do pple realise that Pres. Obama tried to fulfill all his promises but many of them were met with opposition jus to tarni

I know Romney will still wake up tomorrow and still have FAITH in his Creator.. And that Sir, still has my vote.

The election is over. No matter how much you hate Obama he is our president so have some respect for the man. If not, just go to Mexico.

Lmao the little old lady that always gets mad when I praise Obama isn't here today!

President Obama be taking some extra swag photos.

I got the ppl behind me Crankin to that Obama Bounceeee

Nigerians broke record w/ their tweets on US election and Obama's victory. If I call you a fool plz don't take an offence. Stand up Nigeria

Obama May Levy #Carbon Tax to Cut the U.S. Deficit, HSBC Says

continuing education ages! IS a must! Romney stated creating 12 mil jobs Great! W/o education who qualifies?

Good day everyone, Obama wins now we can move FORWARD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

You know that Obama has won when a huge truck lets you pass by. When they usually speed by you..

Im bout to go make dentures for the old ppl. My boss bitchin. Aint my fault Obama won. #Katieeshrugs

new ideahave people telling Republicans that Romney lost and post their reaction on YouTube #nanananabooboo

Finna go party at walmart with my foodstamps lol#obama!!!!

Revenge of the Nerds!:  2012 Poll Accuracy: After Obama, Models And Survey Science Won The Day

My bf said he'll beat tf out of me last night because I told him I was gone strip or be a prostitute if Romney won lmaooo.!!!

It President Obama  Romney can put their differences aside  come 2gether to make a better America why can't you??? #Food4Thought

#SHE BELONGS TO ME love love that sooong by master mister don #obama #mex

Romney people came out plain.lolz OBAMAS people had SWAGG!!

Obama win may boost W.H. stance on cybersecurity, via

Everyone is talking about Obama and I'm over here talking about math.

Wait. If I start saying f* Obama, will I get followers like Not gonna actually tag her O_O she craycray

you just wanted romney to win becouse your mother is a gold digger.therefore she would get tax breaks. :)

What Can Obama Do About Climate Change?: The President faces a divided Congress, but has some powerful   #climate

Really stoked Obama got reelected. Was never a gan of Romney #Election2012

Maybe it's cuz Obama was reelected hmmm??

I Can Only Imagine How My Timeline Would Be If Romney Woulda Won

man ma school is poppin obama in office we aint got no worries

Man, I hope Obama winning doesn't effect my tips from all the old people today! Lol

Election 2012: President Obama wins himself a White House do-over with victory over Mitt Romney  via

Got my newspaper with my president on the front cover #Obama

no worries. I woulda voted Obama if wasn't running

Yes I don't have to go on a rampage now!!! #obama

Realize that Obama had a share of black and white voters!!

I saw us grow as a country last night not just with the presidential election we have a long way to go but we getting there #usa #Obama

LDS Church congratulates President Obama on re-election  #utah

When you see how Obama has a strong woman by his side only shows that every man needs a woman in their life's.

I hope that all these disappointed folks who voted for Romney, get out and vote in 2014 for their congressional reps.

Social media turned the corner for Obama. Here's why he won. And how

All these white folks talking bout they tired of the President Obama tweets and that it's over with Hating Weak Fucks!!!!!!

You sound like one of those McCarthy era conspiracy theorists. Romney has some pretty awful cronies too. I voted for neither.

On the bright side, we will have more to joke about at rodeos #bring on the new obama jokes !

Dow only DOUBLED under OBAMA, waaaaaaaaaa

Congratulations President Obama. We in Canada believe in YOU.

The least Obama could do is legalizeI mean, that'd be cool with me?

Good morning! Obama won Yaay! And its snowy here.

In case you missed it, Obama got four more years. If he was white, he probably would've atleast got parole..

Amazon: Barack Obama's election victory speech in full - Y

worst thing about Obama winning the election so-called Christian show their ignorance and the hate in their hearts! #G

Teaching young minds is very rewarding. Watching Barack Obama win presidency for a second term..I see the future in them. #Obama2012

I wanted them to know why maybe for another dem I might have played the lets get along but Obama is a terr

my teacher mad cause Obama won lolol

People are seriously saying they want Obama to get shot #ihatethisstate #isupporthim

Obama ended up with 50.3% of the popular vote to Mitt Romney's 48.1% #election2012

Obama Made the Bed, Now He Must Lay In It Independent Journal Review

and then people here are like I'M MOVING To countries that also would have voted for Obama

It really hurts to see how hateful people can be about politics If Obama was such a bad choice he wouldn't have won..

Thanks to their father, they govern their own bodies.Godspeed to Pres. Obama! This is a victory for so, so many!

My dad is going on a rant about obama. I cant stop laughing, that just made my morning.

Obama supporters are out n full force today while the rest of us work for their lazy asses. Shit just pisses me off.

I was about to kiss my college life away if Romney won! Smh! Real talk!

A kinda Good News //  NYT: Divided U.S. Gives Obama More

#Tech Obama sets Twitter record - SlashGear: IBNLiveObama sets Twitter recordSlashGearUS president Barack   #News

OBAMA  CHAVEZ, IN AMERICA: A NEW WORLD IN CONSTRUCTION!!!

Shah Mehmood Qureshi #Pakistan former FM: #Obama important to have seasoned president, understands complexities in this part of the world.

1st class after Obama win? Data w/o borders. Stats, R, machine learning. Obviously a victory lap for nerds.

I lost so many white followers last night! *Shrugs* Obama the president!

Way to go, America!!! I knew you could do it, (though, I was a bit scared for a minute!). OBAMA!!!

I am having a great hair day. I blame President Obama's Re-Election. :) -- hahaha

To all the #dumbass people out there saying everyone that voted for Obama is on welfare? You are wrong. Stfu and get ov

change of plans.. we're not moving to Canada!!! Obama won I shall start to plan your weddi

I'm sick of Obama getting all the credit when I scored 40, 40 rebounds, and 40 assists (to myself) from Kim Jong ill

Goo ahead obama!!!! U got that presidential swag!!!!

Obama won now I'm waiting on Thanksgiving and for boosie to come home

Obama, Romney, red state, blue state, electoral collegeblah blah. I don't really care. Give me my damn coffee..I

Cell battery ran out at the Obama victory speech last night but no detail on pensions or investments. Higher taxes coming for the wealthy.

But no arrests made and won't be called a riot. If they were students of color protesting Romney, a different set of outcomes.

ya and when Obama became president the debt was 8 trillion, after Obamas first term it's now at 16 trillion

Thanx 2 Barack Obama 4 turning da world in  black mentality as a Black Leader rather than da world being turned white by White Romney.*nyc*

Stamp of approval! Portrait of U.S. president Barack Obama made from 3,000 postage STAMPS

I'm not sure if I was clear, fuck Karl Rove. Congrats to Obama, gay marriage and weed. It's just how I always imagined it.

yay for Obama!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it's gonna be so fun paying off all of our debt with the money that we won't have from th

Yes he can!! #Obama did it again. Let's move on

I went to sleep last night without a worry in the world. Then Obama won #truth

#Area 51 aliens Big Harford turnout backs Romney, rejects 4, 6 and 7: Republican leads after early presidential

of course 93% of black people voted for Obama. But heres the bigger question, when have blacks ever voted Republican?

The media is now saying that President Obama should reach out to the Republicans and to work with them. What the

So who's mad about Obama winning?

LOL You must be kidding! Rich voted in large #s for Romney. I am just your normal 60+ yr old grandmother. Insult someone else.

Just realized that Romney couldn't even drink himself to sleep last night. #MoMormonMoProblems

Mitt Romney is against birth control, but didn't say he was against child support. He lost my vote at that moment

ok ok  obama is back..I am still unsure all these people are out for him or just looking for a reason to be out on a Tuesday nite?

i don't live in america but i am happy that barack obama is president again. He's fucking awesome :D

The fact of Colorado  Washington legalized #Weed is a Trending Topic on Twitter above the Re-Election of #Obama shows how little we care

oh I know re Obama from your tweets. As for the rest, life would be good except for other people, eh?

Obama can faciltate the purchase of my formidable as they are, products (the fruits of liberation cannot be sent to the enemy as a gift) but

Ok twitter we get it obama and michelle had sexy sex last night now stfu

I think Obama and Romney are both not good for us!

Dj Cleo has did the Remix for Obama Speech with 3 minutes. Big Up to Cleo

What has Obama done for our country.. At all? .. Ever?

Congratulations to President Obama for his victory last night in a VERY tight Presidential race! On the fashion

Automotive Bailout Becomes Key Factor For Obama Re-Election Bid:

Struggling through an Obama-win-celebration hangover? Sober up with Helsar de Zarcero Costa Rica:

From disco to Barack Obama, single women, gays and minorities have a lot to answer for as far as I'm concerned.  Just kidding!  Disco is OK.

the world isn't ending, romney lost :)

They need to make where as Obama get to leave the White House only when he ready to leave.

Environmental Activists Tell Obama, Climate Change First in Your Second Term:

Romney is hurt. Anybody caught eating neck bones or chitlins around him will be wiped out.

Election Day 2012 Winner! President Obama Delivers Second Term Victory Speech (VIDEO) | Global Grind  #wibiya

Why was we getting mad at white ppl talking bout Obama when US blacks was talking bout Romney .. I apologize if I said anything negative.

I went to sleep easy knowing Obama is where he suppose to be

LMAO ! is SO TIGHT Romney didn't win, he saying Obama isn't even American lmao and blah blah, he doesn't even know facts

I just unliked Romney  Ryan on Facebook! YAY!

RT All jokes aside I feel SO inspired today. President Obama did what they said we NEVER could. No exc

by Rick Telberg Rick TelbergThe re-election of President Obama may sweep away a few uncertainties in tax and

I love waking up to Obama still being our president (: 3

*last night* Hell yeah Obama won, drink all the booze! *right now*

Ha ha ha News Flash: The Indian Prime Minister called Obama to congratulate him, Obama thought it was a bl

The Great Divider ! OBama ! 1/2 of the USA Voted against you . Sad President  Hard To Beat Free Stuff  OBama !!!!

telegraphtv: What now for Barack Obama?

Obama is winning the popularity vote  won the electoral college voted. Anymore crazy statements? He obviously has SUPPORT.

But thank God for waken me up ! Seeing #Obama another 4years :) God bless America

I know more than half the people I work with votes for Romney Should be an interesting day of work..

Obama win noor see the disasternow dozens missing as Boat sinks off bangladesh

I Feel Good This Morning . Knowing Obama Our PRESIDENT !

Barack Obama election: Americans who have starred in Premier League

Fun fact-- The supplemental nutrition assistance program a.k.a. The Food stamp program (FSP) didn't start with Obama!

Oh how I love not being able to watch the news. So obama won. Now get your ass to work. I don't care who is president. Just do your job.

Obama was more conservative than Romney.

The American people say Romney. The electoral college says Obama. Who says we have rights?

Been jamming to The Weeknd  working at the same damn time at work==(I can do whatever I want since Obama won last night)

obama voters: the walking dead we've entered the obama apocalypse

#tcot With an Obama win, we must be 4ever vigilant and fight back when our country starts sliding downhill more into the abyss

Y'all here Obama shout us voters out last night? I feel like I just got back from a concert . Lol

I really think a requirement for presidency should be a serving in the military. And no, this is not a bash on Obama.

Search the #FuckObama hashtag. Yeah after these AM meetings Im setting anti Obama twitter on FIRE

With another term of Obama as pres. Canada just keeps getting better and better looking to foreigners!

Recaping President Obama's victory speech is I fell asleep last night!!

Christian command is to pray for Obama's success and salvation, not his failures!  God has this!! Not ours to control. #humbleyourselves

- Congrats! So happy to have you around for another four years! Forward! #obama

~ Take Off Your Blinders  Read: Obama Administration's Secret Talks with Iran Confirmed | JewishPress

Obama does not have a mandate and his record speaks for itself so it in incumbent upon him to be as humble as pie.

Asian-American voters favored Obama over Romney by almost 50 percentage points, 73% to 26%. Latinos at similar rate.

It is quite awkward in my office today since they definitely did partake in a Mitt Romney cake yesterday *closes office door / shuts blinds*

Less than 12 hours since Obama was declared re-elected, stocks and the value of the US dollar takes a hit #election2012

No I do not like Obama, no I didn't vote for him. Am I gonna sit and bitch about it? No. 4 years Obama. Not the rest of your life.

Obama did win the popular vote..?

I wouldn't associate God with Romney either. Or any politician these days. Their main concern is money (the root of all evil)

*am celebrating Obama's Victory*its not js a r-election,but a legend and bold history in making*

Niggas thought Obama had to pass the sticks. Sitting there mixing brown n white with 4lokos

lol saying they are going to leave the USA because Obama won #getreal it's not like Romney would have been any better #itsovernow

Boy are these two going to fight. MT Kenyan mum names twins after Obama and Romney.

Good morning!!! Woke ma baby up saying, #OBAMA #OBAMA #OBAMA #OBAMA!!!

#Cuba #Represion 6 splitting headaches for Obama: By Tom Curry, NBC News national affairs write  #LiberenaCalixto

RT Obama makes me feel like i can conquer anything man.

I hope President Obama already knows the love of Jesus, because he won't based on most election reactions of Christia

How is your town now that Obama won? I know they are all sashayin' up there lol

Not all white people wanted Romney bruh

Im so happy that Obama is back in! He's going to finish this shit the right way!

@highlight

New York's Republican Mayor Bloomberg endorses President Obama for re-election.

@highlight

Reports--8 States Will Decide! Daily Presidential Tracking Poll: Romney 49%, Obama 48%

@highlight

Obama and Clinton at Saturday night rally in Virginia


@highlight

Obama remain president on 4 more years! 

@highlight

Obama and Clinton only Democrats elected twice since FDR.