Happy St. Patrick's Day, but do we really need a reason to drink on a Monday ?

Happy St. Patrick's Day! It's easier than ever to channel the luck of the Irish with these green beauty essentials.

gave St Patrick's Day a proper go on Friday night, so just a normal boring Monday today

CdnsvsTerror Guinness drops out of New York St Patrick's Day parade to support gay rights

That's beautiful. Now for your music, I'll take a listen. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

I painted my tallywhacker green todaytallywhacker is Irish right? Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Forget about green beer, get some green Yacht Club Soda instead!  Great treat for the

I've been watching this every St. Patrick's day for 8 years

Lets us all remember why this day is so important.  St. Patrick stopped the earth's demise and saved the planet from the bubonic plague.

Niall Horan celebrates St Patrick's Day: Niall Horan is getting into the Irish spirit for Saint Patrick's Day and foresees lots of Gu

Oops, forgot it was even St. Patrick's day hahaha

Wishing I was back in Chicago for St. Patrick's Day again this year. The green Chicago river is so great.

Drinking on St. Patrick's is so pedestrian. Be original and make a potato cannon.

It may be St. Patrick's Day, but don't push your luck with just any attorney. Give us a call today!

Thanks so much all! Our St Patrick's Day #competition is closed! We will announce #winners shortly x

Happy St. Patricks Day from Come in and give ROSE a pat! #StPatricksDay #pets #adopt

Celebrating St. Patrick's Day with Willem Dafoe

So a design blog honors St Patrick's by putting up fave featured UK homes. Uh, bc Ireland is totally not a separate nation? OH WAIT IT IS

Saint Patrick's day, the only day binge drinking is an acceptable in society..

I hope all you Irish people have a great St. Patricks day!

Happy St Patrick's Day from the MountainLair #WVU

Happy St. Patrick day and happy birthday

With it being st. Patricks day all I can think about is Ms. Webbs soundtracks she would play for us #VikingPride #VikingHigh

So i never knew who st. patrick was till now

If you're more than 50% Irish you should be able to have St. Patricks off without any issues.

Happy St. Patrick's Day - Shamrocks: Lucky for us, not your pets - via

Everyone is doing fun things for St.Patrick's Day and I'm busy with classes. :(

St. Patrick's Day Greetings from Yorguty's (2205 Queen St. E)

CWF was in full attendance at the CDCTA St. Patrick's Day Combined Test at Morven last Saturday. It was the first

#101FASHIONBABE13GIVEAWAY wish you and your family have a great St. Patrick's day ever

Hope you enjoy a Guinness while having a fun and safe St. Patrick's day.  I know I will!

To all my fans and friends, Happy St. Patrick's Day! Postcard circa 1910.

St. Patrick's color is actually blue, not green.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! #BRAVEMonday #potluck Public Relations

St. Patrick's Day Parade in Northeast Portland has same neighborhood spirit, 25 years later

Halloween  Santa Con  St. Patrick's Day. But basically, its all just wearing very little clothes and drinking in public, right?

Happy St. Patricks Day! Who is sporting green today?

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!! May your day be filled with shamrocks, gold coins, and short, bearded redheads!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Remember, the sale ends at MIDNIGHT.  Code:PATTY to find

Who is having a Happy St. Patrick's Day?

Saint Patrick's Day today! We will have Irish Music from 5-7, Corn Beef  Hash and a Irish Music Record spin by John Gassel at 9pm!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Did you know that #StPatrick was actually English? He didn't move to Ireland until later in life!

Happy #StPatricksDay! How are you adding green into your day? Try out this simple and easy asparagus recipe

If you're not wearing green I just pinched YOU! Happy St. Patricks Day and enjoy! #StPatricksDay

Wherever you go,And whatever you do,May the luck of the Irish,Be with you!Happy St. Patrick's Day Facebook

Happy St. Patrick's Day Everyone! (: *pinches*

Dinner at Spaghetti Factory. Show at ABC.   #Toronto #Indie Italian St. Patrick's Day

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  To all the Irish and Festive Followers!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Will you shave your head to raise money for a cure for childhood cancer?

Happy st Patrick's day everyone. I need a drink right about now!!

Big thanks to for the st Patricks day spikes!!! Best in the game!

Happy St. Patrick's Day / Is it spring yet? #greenstagram

Meatless Monday and a little green in your St Patrick's day recipe. I love asparagus too!

Roasted Cabbage Steaks {St. Patty's Day}: Every year for St. Patrick's Day, I boil corned beef, cabbage, and p

Enjoy our Crispy Kale w Herb Dip Recipe this St. Patrick's Day.

I am not good with dates but Saint Patrick's day is on the top of my list. I don't think I have ever or will ever remember about it.

We've got all the green you need this St. Patrick's Day!

Today is the only day I wouldn't die if I was green #daboodeedabooda #StPatricksDay

Monday soups areCheddar Cheese with Bacon Chicken Noodleor ChiliHappy St.Patricks Day!

Who Was St. Patrick? [video: a British aristocrat, taken by Irish raiders]  via

Red Sox wearing St. Patrick's Day uniforms today: It has become a Spring Training tradition,  #redsox #baseball

Happy St Patrick's Day from Ribley Family Chiropractic!

lol people till wear green on st Patrick's day?

Always love this: Cool Time-Elapsed Video Of The Chicago River Turning Green For St. Patrick#8217;s Day

Happy st patricks day! kiss me i'm irish! :P well half! #StPatricksDay

WHY ARE YOU CELEBRATING ST. PATRICK'S DAY?!,.YOU DON'T EEN KNOW YO OWN HISTORY AND HOLIDAYS!,

For St. Patrick's Day - House of Pain 'Jump Around'

Time to reclaim #StPatricksDay. Make it a day of awareness  work against #HumanTrafficking. - #Lutheran #ELCA #Catholic #UMC #Presbyterian

Does anybody want 2 celebrate st Patricks day but me and Alexis???????

Spiritual fire power on #HotSeat with Patrick Kamala, Bishop Zac Niringiye  Father Gaeton Batanyenda.

It wouldn't be St. Patrick's Day without a bartender pouring a penis shape into the froth of a Guinness. #HOLYbartender #cheekyparade

Happy St. Patrick day from da kidd ewizzle

Love going to on st Patricks day for a shamrock shake and being told the machine is broke.  #pissed

Green St Patrick's Day Interior Design Inspiration

Happy St. Patricks Day from Jiminy Peak! Great picture and awesome costume!

Happy St Patrick's Day! Hope everyone enjoys this festive holiday. :-)

Hey, happy St. Patrick's Day, little Irish ass! I love you XO

In the spirit of St. Patrick's Day, here is a past project with a unique green island!

You too Mary! Thanks! Happy St Patrick's Day

#gpcsd Happy St. Patrick's Day - just had the Jr. K in for a St. Patrick's Story!

My St. Patrick's Day playlist is just Shipping Up To Boston on repeat

Happy Saint Patricks Day! Make sure to drink some green beer and Jameson then check out

Yes, I wearing Green today. And I will be listening to my Celtic Women Pandora Station all day a work.  #StPatricksDay

I like saint Patricks day because Elle is Irish and that's basically it

It's 9:15am.St. Patrick's Day to-do list.Day drink - checkDay drink - checkDay drink - checkDay drink - checkDay drink - check

Its also my mothers birthday. Happy birthday to her. Surprising as it is i am not named Patrick because my mom was born on St Patricks day

In the spirit of St. Patrick's Day, which superstar do you think has the luck of the Irish?

Does Janesville need a St. Patrick's Day parade? Gazettextra (blog) I apparently don't have any Irish  #Janesville

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Any big plans?

Old St. Patrick's Church: A Metaphor for Chicago Survival

Having visited Ireland, I've now turned into a total St. Patrick's Day asshole elitist.

Toma pra vcs, nesse St. Patrick's Day:

The pot of Gold After a long day in Newry for St Patrick's Day!

My Facebook is full of fucking idiots arguing over st Patrick being a Protestant or catholic like fucking give over would you

Happy st. Patrick day to u jon and follow fan

is smoking green the same thing as wearing green this St. Patrick's Day?

One year ago today, we were at the St. Patrick's day parade in Ireland to watch our son and the Fort Mill

Confession: I don't 'get' St Patrick's day.

Are you wearing your green today?! St. Patrick's Day 2014: Facts, Myths, and Traditions  #stpattysday #luckoftheirish

Catholic school celebrates St Patrick's Day: Series of events throughout the day.  #london #news

Happy #St.Patrick's Day! Why not celebrate with some #amazing and #healthy green #superfoods today?

I have to admitthe sure do know how to celebrate St. Patrick's Day. #greeneverywhere

[Celebrities News]: This Is How Kate and William Do St. Patrick's Day

This is how you St. Patricks Day! #DISNEMAW2

Happy Saint Patricks Day to all!  May you all have a great day!

Happy St. Patricks day! Ok now someone pinch me so I can wake up from this nightmare of a day.

Happy St Patrick's Day!!!!!! Jaguars Dallas has the perfect start to your party! Byob all nude ladies dancing to your favorite music!!

Happy Saint Patricks day you beautiful boy xx

#StPatricksDay my favorite party. Great day to my irish friends!!!#ImGreen

We are so incredibly lucky to have the best patients in the world! Thank you so much, and Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Watch the Chicago River Turn Green for St. Patrick's Day  via

Join us all day for Saint Patrick Day festivities! Food, drinks and live music starting at 6pm!!!

To all you Irish Sherburnan's, and to those who are only Irish today, Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Top o' the Mornin' to ya!  Happy Saint Patrick's Day!  Hope those green little elves toss their magical

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Q: Why would you never iron a four-leaf clover? A: Because you shouldn't press your luck!

St Patrick's Day = day of working on papers and a speech #turnup

Don't be knockin me green hat! St. Patrick's Day Party Hat Mini top hatby ThePurlandGarter  via

Every year my mother made me listen to that unicorn song on St. Patrick's Day and every year I sobbed and called Noah and asshole. *cries*

Revelers toast to St. Patrick's Day at Irish bars in Metro #Detroit

This day always makes me think of my St. Patrick. Okay maybe he wasn't a Saint but he was definitely a Patrick.

Happy green beer day! Cheers!!! #StPatricksDay

Happy St Patricks Every one. Be blessed with a silver toung and a lightining witt!

Everything you know about St. Patty's Day is wrong via

I'm just glad to be around people who doesn't notice it's St Patricks Day

Wind socks for St. Patrick's Day!  Just for fun!

Stop by and have a beer for St Patrick's Day, here's the updated beer menu!

Happy St.Patrick's day! And a happy birthday to my dear friend Hanna

Thinking about my Irish friends today.   Happy St Patrick's Day from Canada!

Happy St. Patricks Day! Green drinks we love. Tweet for her top picks:

Irish eyes are smiling! Happy St. Patrick's Day :)

the realest talk why do we celebrate st patricks day so much in america

Tried doing the Riverdance last St Patrick's day. Almost drowned.

This girl Jovanni has her Daddy's heart. Look at what she made me for St. Patrick's day with her Granny #Daddysgirl

All Green Flavors get 1$ off today for St. Patrick's Day!

Today's archidose #741: Something green on this Saint Patrick's Day: Photos of the Residence Schmuck (2011) in

RED?? It's St.Patricks Day NOT Valentines!!

Welcome back to classes and Happy St Patrick's Day 'Canes. Hope you all had a happy, healthy spring break!! :)

Hey I'm green as a pesto from Genoa on St.Patricks day with envy for anyone who gets to go to Italy this summer #iWannaGo

Happy St. Patrick's Day. Here's a Guinness on us! Courtesy of Eugenio Franchi #Guinness #StPatricksDay #photography

Good call Happy St Patricks day one and all!

Today is St Patricks day? Why is this even a thing?

Green vs. Orange The (Religious War) Blarney Behind St. Patrick's Day #ctl #tcot #uniteblue #lnyhbt #libcrib #tgdn

Thanks to Renata for this lovely shot of us performing in The Church yesterday!Happy St Patrick's Day to you

TY My Friend!:) Happy St. Patricks Day! Love this Day

Why do leprechauns giggle when they play soccer? Cause the grass tickles their balls. Happy St.Patricks Day!

Happy St Patrick's Day! Call you to book your table for this evening 403.514.2337

Happy St. Patrick's Day :)I hope you have a wonderful day!#NowPlaying #LetItGo #Frozen(#Ahmir cover)

On the blog! Fun ideas to add green this festive Monday! Happy St. Patricks day!  happy start of the week!

happy st patricks day from an irish gladiator #scandal

Good thing my work uniform is green! Happy St Patricks day!

Who could imagine a day when HUGE Beer Companies boycott St.Patrick's parade for fear of the Gayz? WHO? WHO? WHO?

Happy St. Patrick's day! For those that celebrated over the weekend, was your morning commute something like this?

Was I the only weird little kid that would say my underwear was green on St. Patricks day so i wouldn't get pinched?

how is My favourite boy doing?!  Happy St.Patricks Day :D

happy St. Patricks day to you too, Jack

Make your teeth feel LUCKY today! Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day to everyone who is Irish or otherwise.  :D*laura

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Lucky youcome in today, mention you like us on Facebook and you'll receive 10% off

Anyone drinking The Green Beer for The St. Patricks Day?

Im not wearing green for St. Patricks Day. Im wearing it because its the color of Mannys hoodie-.-

Happy St. Patrick's Day!! Hope everyone has some luck of the Irish today! Cheers! #stpattysday

isnt saint patricks day like lucky??? maybe ill win somethingmaybe ill win the instagram giveway

Have a #WICKED happy St. Patricks day! We prefer #wine over #beer

We're open!  Come in and get some St. Patrick's Day crazy music before tonight and you get even crazier! 20% OFF LP/CD's on selling floor

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Check these St.Patrick Day Facts  via

since its St. Patricks' day im having lucky charms for breakfast i think they go together????!!!??? #dothey

Celebrating St Patrick's snow day with some Father Ted. Ah, go on!

What an amazing feeling having my classes for today be cancelled!!! Perfect St. Patrick's Day gift

Looking for an Irish treat on St.Patrick's Day stop by for my secret Shea family #recipe

Happy St.Patrick's Day you are this week's competition winner! :) Send us a DM to claim your prize!

Wow! You are very lucky being entertained by the at work. Happy St Patrick's Day to you all :-)

Happy St. Patty's Day Bay City!! We've got lots of St. Patrick's Day items in the shoppe today like our

Vinny amid the ferns. Happy St. Patrick's Day from the greenest little monster you'll ever meet!

Mayor Ford just arrived at the Old Mill St. Patricks Day Brunch. (Ducked in while Doug Ford was speaking to reporters)

Happy St. Patrick's Day! You don't need the luck of the Irish to make your idea successful.

i would like to be in Ireland right now and party hard along with you!! I love this country 3 enjoy the day!!#StPatricksDay

Is there anything more annoying than people saying they have green eyes so they're covered for St. Patrick's Day?

Every time someone ask why I'm not wearing green I just say no it's okay, my people are allowed and by my people I mean Patricks everywhere

Happy St. Patrick's Day to you too, from the home of the Boston Celtics.

Im pretty sure St Patricks day is celebrated more in England than St Georges day

I dont feel american because i dont care about st patricks day. The irony

Happy Saint Patricks Day, where are all y'all having your green pint a?

St. Patrick's Day Just another glorified day for you people to go out and drink yourself stupid.

I don't care for St. Patrick's Day. Never have, never will. What's it ever done for me?

Happy St. Patrick day to you too :D

My absolute best St. Patrick's ever was when I was actually in Ireland and witnessed ZERO people getting shitfaced on Guinness  green beer.

Happy #StPatricksDay everyone! 'May your Day be touched by a bit of Irish Luck, brightened by a song in your heart, of the people you love'

Toyota makes an effort to go green everyday, but it's the most fun on Saint Patrick's Day! Will you go green with

Happy St Patricks day! Will you be drinking Guinness lol

loool fuck off. Happy St Patricks day to you though

We're open for St.Patrick's Day! We don't have green beer, but you CAN get a Comrade burger with a Guinness and shot of Jameson's for $15!

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Solus Samurai. If you must drink, please do so responsibly. Tee: Little Shop of

Shades of GREEN today!!!Happy St. Patrick's Day! #yogajeans #bunkerboots #elizabethlyn #green #stpatricksday

this girl in my class just asked me what st Patricks day is..

Happy St. Patrick's Day, below is a link to make a free e-card to send on email or facebook - enjoy!

Happy St. Patrick's Day all. Our baristi are excited to make a four leaf clover in your matcha latte! So green

Everyone smile, it's St Patricks Day, the wearin o' the green, shamrocks, leprechauns and #youlookgreatandyouknowit

Happy St. Patrick's Day!-Old stone wall with Irish blessing. card

Happy St. Patricks day! Me pouring the perfect pint of #Guinness in #Ireland

Everybody's Patrick on St. Irish's Day if you're dyslexic! or incredibly drunk.

Is St. Patrick the guy with the snakes? I have no idea what this holiday is supposed to be about.

Oh i forgot it was st patricks day ass

Why I celebrate St. Patrick Day

the girl who wears green every day forgot to wear it on st patricks day life is cruel

Happy St Patrick's Day for tou too

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY from your friends at #LATINOFASHIONWEEK!  Did you save yourself from getting pinched

happy St. me day! now go forth and pinch people who arnt warring green!  #stpattysday #irish #StPatricksDay

Wow didn't even know it was St Patricks day#Irrelevant

Fishing Merit Badge.  What's not to like about wetting a line in CBH's 2 mountain lakes?!  Happy St. Patrick's day!

This St. Patrick's Day, I hope you see a little mischievous half-man that isn't Justin Bieber.

what if on st. patrick's day, instead of getting pinched for not wearing green, you got slapped?

St Patricks day colouring in of our Team Leader Ben!

Are the gays not allowed to march in the St Patricks day parade because the Irish are mad they stole the rainbow?

#P. F. Changs is traditional for St. Patrick's Day, right? Right?

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Looking for some celtic music? We have Eileen Ivers  Irish dancers this weekend:  #yegarts

I'm in Greenfield on St. Patrick's Day, which is fitting. Might also visit Greenwood and Greensburg. Green, bitches. Green.

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all of you!! :) We wish you the best of Irish Luck for 2014! ;)

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Leisa D. Wamsley, your name was drawn as the winner of the cards. Comment below within 24hrs. to claim them.

Welcome back and Happy St. Patrick's day TDMers!!  Looking forward to seeing our dancers back at the studio this

I remember when we use to dress up for St. Patricks day in middle school lmao

In honor of St. Patrick's Day, I bring you the one and only Tipperary Hill's #GreenOnTop traffic light!

Happy St. Patricks Day  thank you for checking out my ebay auctions! #shoes #boots

Its St. Patty's day, Everyone is Irish tonight #StPatricksDay  #boondocksaints

Day13: We are celebrating St. Patricks Day give everyone not wearing Green a high five #40daypursuit #ALLTHINGS

Happy St. Patrick's Day! There are plenty of green places to explore in Edmonds. :)

What is your must-listen on St. Patrick's Day? Dropkick Murphys? The Pogues? The Dubliners? #soundoff

happy St Patrick's day. in honor of today we are having lasagna for dinner

OK, it's St. Patrick's Day, and now I think is a good time to start getting the booze out. :D

ANNOUNCEMENT - In the spirit of St. Patrick's Day on Monday March 17th, there will be NO #HOM classes  tonight!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Come and support CWSF BINGO starting at 6:30pm tonight!

Great to see Pajo the Calf in Carrickmacross St. Patrick's Day Parade Today.

Happy St. Patrick's Day - it's your Lucky Day!

Happy St. Patrick's day. May the road rise to meet you, the beers be plentiful, and the putts roll easy

Go Green! In honor of St. Patrick's Day and #MSU taking the Big Ten Tourny, use coupon code GOGREEN at

Happy st Patrick's day everyone especially my Irish people! DRINK ALOT AND HAVE FUN. Unless you're underage..don't do that.

Happy  St Patrick's day! Don't drink too much corned beef or eat too much beer! :-)

Happy St. Patricks Day! Which btw has nothing to do with snakes! #stpattys #stpaddysday #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day. Here are some fun facts and videos to add to the festive green:  #baruch

Happy St. Patrick's Day to ALL our riders!

As we learn  grow, what once made us upset begins 2 make us more in love w life. Happy St. Patrick's  #jamesarthurray

Demise of St. Patrick's Day parade doesn't dampen Irish pride in Flint

Former slave turned missionary preacher.  Celebrating St. Patrick today!

Well it's a good thing I love green, since I wore it today without realizing. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Which One's Your Favorite? Comment A,B, or C Below.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! #Chicago 's Willis Tower was festive all wknd long! #StPaddys

Hey all Algonquin #gludents, it's St. Patrick's Day and we're ready to play Glue Pong. Meet us outside of Salon B!

This St. Patrick's day parade is blowing me. I'm supposed to be watching my soaps right now smh.

Oh, believe me. I've been pretending I've been Irish for decades now. I'm VERY skilled at St. Patrick's day.

Catholic school celebrates St Patrick's Day  #Essex

Irish I cared about Saint Patricks Day, but I'm Italian so I don't.

Happy St Patrick's Day! Questions of the dayList your favorites from Ireland - Actors, Bands, Drinks and Styles

I know I don't get into the spirit of St. Patrick's buuuuttt I still like wishing people a good day.

St. Patrick's Day: The only day of the year where irish dancing in the middle of the street is not questionedtime to hit Court Street!!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Make sure you wear some green! Don't wanna get pinched ;)

It's time! My St. Patrick's Day shirt is the best in the land!

St. Patrick's Day #selfie. Northern Ireland Protestants represent! #orange #green #StPatricksDay

To all those celebrating St Patrick's Day, we wish you

my mom called Patrick Swayze 'Patrick Susie'

Happy St. Patricks day from Kim k

Turns out has some health benefits. Talk about a very happy St. Patrick's Day from

Unintentionally brought my olive skinnies  its St.Patricks day huehuehue. :3

In 1933, at the age of 18, Patrick Leigh Fermor set out with a rucksack and a book of verse to walk across Europe from Holland to Istanbul.

Check out pictures from our St. Patrick's Day kick off party!

I guess wearing a green bra under a white wife beater counts as St Patricks day swag

Today is the coldest St. Patrick's Day in Toronto since 1950. #MotherNatureIsCruel

Wearing my St Patrick's Day t-shirt like a baws

Fun fact: you're celebrating the death of St. Patrick and the official color in Ireland for Saint Patrick's day is blue. #PlotTwist

Come over for a St. Patrick's Day/Lifetime Movie Network themed drinking party.

Good afternoon David have a great St Patricks day !

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Hope everyone enjoyed their St. Patties Day weekend.  Here are some St. Patrick's Day

happy St Patricks day babe have fun (: xx

happy Saint Patrick's day I'm drinking green tea

the High Kings Marie's Wedding- Happy St Patrick's Day!

EMMA ROBERTS LINDA Supervideo | Emma Roberts  Dave Franco Featuring Cult's 'Go Outside' | Directed by Patrick Hoelck

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all! Hope you have a fun and safe holiday. Take it easy on he green beerit's still

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Evolved Office. Here are some St. Patty's Day facts:

It's a double rainbow St. Patricks kinda day!  Hope you'll find a bucket of gold!   #grizandnorm #stpatricksday

If you ain't drinking on Saint Patricks day You're probably me

Hey cookie lovers!  We still have a few left of our four St. Patrick's day flavors.  Message us by noon today

pat is short for patrick so patty is too get off my case yo

so glad your safe Have a great St Patricks Day

Happy St. Patrick's Day from the Irish folks at CGD!

I find nothing exciting about st. Patricks day

The St. Patricks Day pairs go live in 30 mins!

HAPPY ST. PATRICKS DAY HOPE YOU ALL GET DRUNK OFF YOUR ARSE (if you're old enough hehe)

Got to have a Guinness on St Patrick's day!!!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Celebrate by listening to country songs about drinking at 8 p.m. EST on

My St. Patrick's Day tradition is to frenetically attempt to obtain   tickets to stand in line in a light industrial park in Munster, IN.

True fact: St. Patrick is also a patron of Nigeria

In honor of the most Irish holiday, send us all your passout pics from the weekend people! Happy St. Patricks Day!

Try Your Luck With These 23 St. Patrick's Day SalesSince shopping online is the perfect activity to compliment hydrating, you're in lu

Hunt down into the briskness in point of st. patrick's broad day per thy esquisse grilled white liver: jET

oh yeah HAPPY ST PATRICKS DAY!!! :D

Happy St.Patrick's Day! Who will be celebrating with green beer tonight? #vancouver #richmoncbc

It's St. Patrick's Day!  Join us tonight to celebrate with live entertainment starting at 7pm. Drink specials ALL

why do they have specific days like why is 17th match Patricks day?

In the spirit of St Patricks day, me and korey will be having a shamrock shake drink off tonight!!! We will start with 3 larges each

Happy Saint Patrick's Day, Happy Nourishers!May love and laughter light your days,and warm your heart and

Happy St. Patricks Day fuck Nuggets!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Did you celebrate this weekend, or are you attending the street party today?

Wearing my St. Patrick's Day shirt :)

Dat St Pattys Green Doe #stpatricksday #nopinchesforthisgirl #birthdayeve #lastdayas26

haha That was Happy St. Patrick's Day and the Blessings of St. Patrick on you as Gaeilge (in Irish).

I'm gonna be drunk on st.patricks day. Just like every day..

Test your knowledge: St. Patrick's Day trivia  ^SG

Happy St. Patrick's Day  now lets drink :-)  Wine And Spirits)

my friends Patrick's birthday today ;) ahahhaa, I find that amusing.. ;)

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! :) love y'all, today is my birthday! I'm 22 today! Yay!!!! LOL, I'm a bit goofy today. 3 xoxo

Happy St Patrick's day from Wet-n-Wild Sportfishing. Please help us reach 1700 likes we only need 12 more likes.

Happy St Patricks Day!!! Hope ur wearing green to keep your patty safe!! :p

No one can pinch me today even if I dont wear green, I got green ink in my skin for my ancestors and the Homie St. Patrick.

It's the perfect day to enjoy some of this Dubliner Irish Stout Cheddar! (Happy St. Patrick's Day)

Breakfast Guinness. Happy St. Patrick's Day!  at SouthBridge)

Happy St. Patrick's Day my fellow Irishman!  Cheers!

Showing Alexa my St. Patricks day underwear in class, because I'm proudI forget I'm in public sometimes.

By the way Happy St. Patricks Day!

For St. Patrick's Day, watch this video by Irish band Rend Collective Experiment talking about revival in their

Happy #StPatricksDay!  We hope you have a fantastic, fun filled day - and be sure to wear some green!

Happy St Patrick's Day! Memories Shamrock n Celtic Cross Rosary St Patrick's Cathedral NYC Trip!

This St. Patrick's Day, I can't stop looking forward to the color green: Spring officially begins this week! #SpringIsComing

This is my uncles first St. Patrick's day without the use of his thumbs. #UnBlessed

Happy St. Patrick's Day, Salem! Enjoy the holiday, be safe and wear your finest green today!

pedantic eh! The saints day that this is about is called Patrick/Padraig or Paddy. He will never be known on this isle as Patty

Last St. Patrick's day? We don't talk about last St. Patrick's day

happy st.patricks day, but more importantly its my mums bday #muchlove

Be sure to stop in today and celebrate St. Patrick's Day with an Irish Coffee Cheesecake!!

Any recommendations for a green cheese for St. Patrick's Day? TY.

Have a great  Happy St. Patrick's Day! YR has been fantastic. Take care:) #YR

I need a St Patricks day shirt for work but I want one from Victoria's Secret or something

There are many legends and stories of St. Patrick, but this is his story.Patrick was born around 385 in

Bought kids matching St Patrick's Day shirts yesterday. Washed them last night. Dryer at bedtime. You see where this is going?

Can't forget this cutie! Happy St. Patrick's Day to all the littles!

Whether it's St. Patrick's Day or not, I typically don't wear green.

It's st. Patricks day? Damn and my grandma isn't making dinner? What has the world come to, smh.

We'd like to wish all of our Irish followers a very happy St Patrick's Day! #StPatricksDay #NHS

Even the sheep are green in Ireland. Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!

Happy St Patrick's Day to you, njoy yr day.

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Fox Lake!

We are in the office and open for business!  Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy Saint Patrick's Day Folks, Call today 303-779-5777 Today Is Your LUCKY Day!

Happy St Patrick's Day hope your having a great day :-) x

Hapoy San patrick's day guys :)))))

What does a green coffee cup have to do with Matthew's House? Well, green for St. Patrick's Day (a Happy one to

St. Patrick went back to Ireland after escaping slavery there to preach the Gospel. That's not luck, that's grace. #graceofGOD

So it's St. Patricks day. I think it's time to take down my Christmas tree.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! #salonKG #StPatricksDay #pawtuxetvillage KG

Halfway through eating my lucky charms I realized it is St. Patrick's Day #irony

Happy St. Patrick's Day!! I don't think today could get any cooler! Put your green on and come hang out with me

{Saint Patrick's Day Release and Sale} See Me by Wendy Higgins--author of the Sweet Evil Trilogy:  via

News: Sponsors Are Supporting LGBT Equality, Why Isn't Saint Patrick's Day Parade?  #wigradio

That's me after a St.Patricks day party :D Shot Shooting Range

THE SCREENING ROOM: Celebrating St. Patrick's Day With Once, Finian's Rainbow, Judy Garlan

Happy St. Patricks Day. You are great.

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all of our followers! An easy reason to go out and celebrate :)

HEY 'MURICA, HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY or whatever. When you actually have something to be proud of holler, but

The best part about being 3/16 Irish is cooking the Reuben's on St. Patricks Day. I'd like to take this opportunity to S/O to my ancestors.

my name is patrick and im a saint

Dublin with this crew for St. Patrick's day! #crazyday #100happydays #day12

See Prince William and Kate All Decked Out for St. Patrick's Day  via

That earthquake made everyone forget about Saint Patricks day lol

Good night, world! St. Patrick's Day is over in the land of rising sun! Enjoy the parade and GO GREEN!!

Accidentally came up clutch this Saint Patrick's day morning with my workout apparel

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Today everyone is Irish. Stop by King Pinz for an icy cold Irish brew.

Happy St Patricks Day! St Patrick (387-461) used the shamrock to explain the Holy Trinity and it's been associated with him ever since.

CJ and I had a great time at the Geauga County Dems St. Patrick Day Party.  Janet Carson is a great motivating

St. Patrick's Day top 5 most annoying days of the year to live in NYC.

Satan, Lend Me a Dollar:    Happy Saint Patrick's Day! Celtic Folk Music and Drinks like there is no tomorrow!!!

HAPPY SAINT PATRICK'S DAY!!!! SALUD!!!!!!!

Kiss me, I'm a Fuel Efficient Ford! Happy St. Patricks Day from the Good Guys at Mike Davidson Ford!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! How about we learn a little bit more on why beer tastes deliciously bitter?  #beerchemistry

Why do they have a St Patricks Day parade on the black ppl side of Yonkers and no more parade for blk ppl?

Happy St. Patrick's Day from M4K to all those who celebrate it.  Hope you're having fun being dramatic in green!

Oh dear! Mummy fail! Non uniform for St Patrick. And I forgot! (actually I never knew Must have missed the newsletter this week) #fb

St. Patrick's day needs to be a more widely recognized holiday. By like universities, so there are no classes #exhausted

Need to get my ass in gear and start of st Patricks day right

Happy st patricks to all the irish in the world

Spend a great St. Patrick's day!! :)) xoxo

I'm remembering the st. Patricks day signing the boys did two years ago I'm

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!! Have a blastdon't drink  drive.

good morning have a great day I know I will #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day, Ithaca! Celebrating? Stop by for all your last minute needs, including Irish Whiskey and

When all the gingers sit together in chapel for St. Patricks day.

Happy sty. Patrick's day to all #Irish.

#Happy St. Patrick's Day -- Happy St. CATrick's Day!  via

Googles broken and I'm working on St Patricks Day

I swear Saint Patrick is a dragon

In case you didn't notice, we changed the color of our logo to celebrate St. Patrick's Day. #GreensOurFavColor

If you work in midtown the St Patricks day parade is fucking horrible

hello Ron aw r u happy st patrick's day

I think there are more Irish people in Chicago on St Patrick's Day than in the whole of Ireland.

you'd think i would of known that its st patricks day because my family is part irish but no

st. Patrick day ? Wohoo Niall is gonna be drunk today.

Costumed St. Patrick's Day runs to keep your Irish spirits high!

It's St Patricks Day, but like every other day I feel it's just a time to reflect on how much God has blessed me and to give back to people

#DYK green is the color of colorectal cancer awareness? Support those fighting the disease this St. Patrick's Day.

St Patrick's day , WVU  would be killing it right now.

Everyone have a Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!Join us for a special happy hour tonight from 5pm-7pm!We will have some special Irish

ST PATRICK'S DAY 35K MEGA SHAMROCK PACKS! ENJOY BOIS!

Happy St. Patricks Day! We are all Irish Today.

We here at Stellar wish everyone a Happy St. Patrick's Day and hope you stay safe out there, please do not drink and drive tonight.

I thought tomorrow is st. Patricks day

Happy St. Patrick's Day.from Chibs :)   #SonsofAnarchy

best of luck tonight . Hey is St.Patricks day lol good luck Mi Amor #DWTS18

An Irish Blessing St Patrick's Day Wishes For All  #Qoutes #patrickday

I'm part Irish and I'm sooooo proud!!!!!! Happy St. Patricks Day!!!!'n

World's Best: Band Director and Principal prepare for St. Patrick's Parade. #MenForOthers #AMDG

Happy St. Patrick's Day Ya'll!! Hope everyone has a great day!!!

In having a beer up at hunter mountain and comes on..on st. Patrick's day. Coincidence? I think not. #Irish #StPatricksDay

Hello ;)  A Happy St.Patrick's Day To You To :D !!! 3 xx

I'm so pleased I'm called after Saint Patrick :-D

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!  GREEN is SO our favorite color! ;)

Happy St Patricks Day to you Savannah. And Happy Norooz for Thursday. Half Irish, Half Persian, and 100% Awesome. Best Wishes

Happy St. Patrick's Day from the UWG Alumni Association! Did you know that today is National Corned Beef and

Happy St. Patrick's Day! We have a great variety of specialty beers, add a little green for some great tasting

Thanks for the follow and RT but most importantly, HAPPY ST PATRICK'S DAY!

Mormor called to wish me a happy st. Patricks day I'm so happy I love my grandma :)

Who Was Saint Patrick? - Eastman's Online Genealogy Newsletter

but I still hate St Patricks day

Whilst everyone else is out drinking for St Patrick's Day tonight, I'm going stay in bed, be ill and eat toad in the hole #wildtimes

Woman whose only claim to St. Patrick's Day is that she married an Irish man weeps into her green beer.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Green is a color associated with life, growth and nature yet Adams Co is covered in a blanket of white today!

We figure you'd need some drinking tunes today! So here's our Top 10 list of Celtic artists for St Pattys day -

Wishing you a field full of shamrocks, a day full of rainbows and a heart full of happiness. Happy St. Patrick's

i never used to care about St. Patrick's Day but now i'm weirded out by how many non-Irish people celebrate it

Wtf is saint Patricks day anyway? Lol

Happy saint Patrick's day from the Coombe :-)

Drunk at work for St. Patrick's Day! And by drunk at work I mean writing a midterm paper in a dimly lit cubicle at work.

HAPPY ST PATRICKS DAY TO YOU ALL..#StPatricksDay #stpattys #StPaddysDay we love the Irish

Our version of a tasty shamrock - aka cilantro. Happy St Patricks Day!

YOOOOO FELIZ LUNES MI GENTE! HAPPY ST PATRICK'S DAY TO ALL IRISH  LUCK OF THE IRISH TO ALL ! ENJOY FOOLIOOOS!!

I thought St. Patricks day was yesterday..No wonder when I tied a green tie around my head and walked in the store I got weird looks.

Biz owners  Patrick in Chino Hills California affirms Revive Aesthetics and Wellness Center at WomTown

its st patricks day im not wearing green so nobody better pinch me

Aria's first St. Patricks Day..celebrating her Irish half today:)

A bit late, but a Happy St. Patrick's Day to you all!

Happy saint Patrick s day come join us today to celebrate saint Patricks day w green beer, corned beef w cabbage

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Ozone House!

Beautiful view of Chicago River for St. Patricks Day!

Before Kids vs. After Kids: St. Patrick's Day

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Come down to Mass St. for the parade and stop by for $5.00 Irish Car Bombs and $5.00 Import Mugs (32 oz).

St. Patricks's Day makes it just a bit closer to #spring (photo by #localart #art #flxart

Just like the fact that Patrick wasn't Irish!

I'm Irish!! Come celebrate St Patrick's day with me!!!! :)

The rain is def keeping people away from the downtown Dunedin Saint Patrick's Day festivities.

Community News - Morning Jolt: Guinness pulls out of St. Patrick's Day parade

The Prayer of St. Patrick | Thoughts on Life, Faith, and Worldviews #stpatricksday

St. Patrick's Day in Cleveland.  Walked past 2 puddles of vomit this morning  it was only 8:50 am.

I don't understand why people get excited for St. Patricks Day.it's only fun if you drink some major beer and party in Ireland.

my favorite part is that most people know nothing of St. Patrick or the history behind St. Patricks Day #kissmeimirish

Happy St. Patricks Day from in Madeira!!! #ShopLocal #Cincinnati

Happy St Patricks day, from the folks at Whiskey Tango! #downtownhollywood #stpattys #DrinkResponsibly

Am I the only one who didn't even know it was St Patricks day?

Americans care more about St Patrick's day than the Irish themselves.

Happy St Patricks day everyone! *wears green nailpolish and is proud of it*

Happy St. Patrick's day! We have a bag piper in Southside!

Matthew will be at the St Patrick's Irish Festival, Church Hill, Richmond, Va. on March 2223 to raise funds for the project. Pls stop by!

Calling all 21 yr old friends!! Its St Patricks Day we need to turn up tonight!!

Happy St. Patrick's day ladies and gentlemen! Have a lucky day.

Really enjoying the War Hammer Imperial IPA from on this lovely St. Patrick's Day! #mynameispatrick

It's saint Patricks dayAnd I'm some what Irish Why am I not shitfaced rn?

May the blessings of Saint Patrick behold you. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Saint Patrick is the patron saint forgetting to wear green on certain days, ironically.

I have no interest of celebrating St.Patricks Day

HAPPY HOUR EN ST. PATRICKS DAY TODA LA NOCHE!!!!

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Anytime Marketing Group!

12 good luck charms er baby names in honor of St. Patrick's day

Thanks, Kyle! happy St. Patrick's day to you too!

nah off for st Patricks day

I'm good on this St.. Patrick cat. Whomever he maybe

My buddy Regis and I want to wish you a Happy St. Patricks Day

Healthy a green recipes to celebrate St. Patrick's Day!

Welcome to St. Patrick's day:Where we celebrate a saint by getting inexplicably wasted.

Is Notre Dame Irish or something? Happy St. Patrick's Day! #typicalND

The struggle is real having your irish girlfriend get you sick on St. Pattys day #hate #StPatricksDay

Safely home eating pizza. Happy st.patricks day

Irish Folk  St. Patrick's Classics - The Clancy Brothers: Irish Folk  St. Patrick's Classics The Clancy

I'm glad robert doesn't know its saint patricks day cause he'll be pinching me like crazy.

Guinnesses : first book of the St Patrick Bible. #jpjoke #paddysday

wait whoa when did you meet patrick??

Half price cheeseburgers today at Sonicfor st. Patrick's Day

Should have worn my green hoodie today what with it being St Patrick's Day #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Here's a shot I took in April 2005 while in Cork, Ireland from atop the Blarney Castle.

Come get lucky with us! ;) Happy St. Patricks Day from the Feel Good Crew!!

Corned beef and cabbage, Irish car bomb cake, and Irish pub rock radio. I'd say its been a great St. Patrick's day so far :)

OK, it's an early St. Patrick's Day afternoon and we've just been visited by Old Man WinterAGAIN! (fish and

Jolt of Pride right there!!! Bryan County Alee Shriners standing Tall in St Patrick's Day Parade!!! Support those that support children!

St Patrick's Day post parade. Dublin 2014#stpaddys #stpatrick #dublin #seaofgreen #Ireland #Irish

A happy and safe St. Patrick's Day to you all!

Get your Kelly Green #59FIFTY on St. Patrick's Day for just $17:  #TeamUSA

Green Chip for St. Patrick's Day. Does this make me lucky?!???!?

happy st patricks day from 2012 one direction aka their prime years

Thanks again for featuring #Dawnflight on your blog, and Happy St Patrick's Day! :)

I just won the st.patricks day tournament.  It says I have won it the trophy is there but I dont have the coins or pack.

This will always be the most important thing that has ever came from St. Patrick's Day

Make sure you vote for #FineFarrell in our St. Patrick's Day poll

I should go around pinching tf outta people since they don't wanna celebrate St. Patricks day.

Maybe I'm mistaken, but I think I remember St. Patrick's Day being a lot greener and spring break being a lot sunnier

Happy St. Patrick's Day from this cute Georgia Aquarium otter! Aquarium

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Celebrate by hanging out with #memtech's coolest Pythonistas, tonight at

We drink Guinness on St Patrick's Day because he was black but had a white head and he came in pint glasses! #fact

Come on #jax! Let's 'step' to it! Happy St. Patrick's Day!  #luckoftheirish

Thanks and Happy Saint Patrick's Day to you!

I'm not a big celebrate-er of St Patrick's day,  but that is hilarious!!! Thanks for the laugh :)

No GUINNESS at St. Patrick's Day Parade?!

Can't understand why people celebrate St. Patrick's day but not St. George's day

The Blarney Stone formed from mineral deposits in St. Patrick's kidney and was passed with great agony. Don't kiss that thing, man.

It's pretty easy to wear green on St. Patrick's day when you go to Northwest:)

So excited to start a twitter on St.Patrick's Day! Luck O' The Irish be with you all today and always! #crimsonhair

Happy Patrick's saint hope you spend a great time ;)

The Duchess of Cambridge's St. Patrick's Day outfit, Cate Blanchett's pricy Oscar jewels plus more in fashion news:

St. PATRICK'S Day: 17 Appropriately-Named Stars We Adore  (Hollywoodgistz)

it's hardly bein done in the name of st Patrick but aye it's a disgrace.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! We're celebrating with 40% off Paddy's Day card costs:

Happy St. Patrick's Day! TONIGHT #Green17Tour w/ Check out the rules/regs for the park! #preparedness

Happy St Patrick's Day! Do you have any St Patrick's Day inspired pictures?

All aboard the Oakford express. Whoever planned the combination of pub quiz with St. Patrick's is a genius. Roll on this eve!

There are two types of people in this world. Those who wear green on St. Patrick's day, and those who are dumb and I hate.

Rioting in Belfast City Centre. Happy St. Patrick's Day

Thanks  #TheSpectrum for St Patrick's Day radio 2014. Makes my day at the office much better.

#HappyStPatricksDay!! We hope you all have a happy and safe St. Patricks Day!!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Do I have enough green on? (Photo by SeaDaemon Photography)

Not sure if that earthquake was a dream this morning or not. Anyway, still here for another bit. St.Patrick, good to see yee.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Happy St. Paddy's Day! NOT Happy St. Patty's Day. Paddy=Patrick; Patty=Patricia #getitright

St Patrick's day turn up

Both TSN.ca and RDS.ca will stream Patrick Roy's news conference live. It should begin around 1:15 pm ET #HabsIO

DYK 34.1M U.S. residents claimed Irish ancestry in 2012? But today, everybody's Irish on St. Patrick's Day! #PaddysDay

It's not even noon and I'm already tired of St. Patrick's Day.

Happy St Patrick's Day from The Great Escape Intuitive Massage  Essential Oils, LLC.  If the festivities give

Nothin like St Patricks day in Compton.

Happy St Patrick's Day from all of us at HPRO.

Thought no one did St Patrick pinching outside grade school but I just had to fend off a random dude in Starbucks by showing my green nails

We have your Pot of Gold!! St. Patrick's Day rebates END TODAY!! Up to $2000 in extra rebate money on select

I swear everyone on st.patrick's day think's they're Irish because their mum's aunty's sister's mate's dog went to Ireland this one time

Happy St. Patrick's Day to my fellow Irish Americans!

How are you spending this St. Patrick Day?

Forgot about St. Patrick's until I got to a parade route. Fortunately, I happened to wear green this morning. :/

Andddddd It's St Patricks day

Today we enjoyed a traditional St. Patrick's Day Pub Lunch! How are you celebrating St. Patrick's Day?

I'm Irish. Also geek. I'm Geek Irish I guess. My wardrobe for the day. #stpatricksday

Saint Patrick converted the Irish from a pagan community to a Christian community

St Patrick - Patron Saint of drunkards. That sounds like casual racism. It isn't, I mean actual drunkards who want to wear silly hats.

has a St. Patrick's Day special  it's #TodaysFeature Check it out! #Comedy #IrishWeek

thank you! Happy St. Patricks day to you sir. ;)

Happy St. Patrick's Day from your friends at Randy  Bob's CARSTAR!

Happy St Patrick's Day to all who are celebrating and others Irish Blessings

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Create your own luck!

so much about that is wrong and weird. I think LAs forgotten it's st Patricks day, while east coast won't be able to remember.

Had the absolute best time yesterday. Needless to say, we touched lives. Happy St. Patricks day!

What about Patrick Star?? :P

one time on saint Patricks day I was house and her mom pinched us when we were asleep for not wearing green

It would be best if St. Patrick's Day was a recognized holiday. Then I wouldn't have to be Irish in class and could be Irish not in class.

i'm so irish my anscestor (niall of the nine hostages) kidnapped st.patrick don't fuck w/ me today

Let's just say I don't work today and its st.  Patrick's day I need a green beer who is with me

Happy St. Patrick's day. I'm wearing green and searching for a pot of gold!

It may be St. Patrick's Day, but don't push your luck with just any home automation company. Give us a call today!

St. Patrick's Day. A great way for gappers to show their Rider pride #GoRidersGo

Happy St. Patricks Day! I have my corn beef in the crock pot!

Tornado Watch in the Orlando area during St. Patricks Day? #TurnDownForWhat #IWouldPartyInACategory5Hurricane

don't forget to wear green today. Also happy St Patricks day.

What are you supposed to do on St Patricks Day drink beer

Happy St Patrick's Day! We're tippy-tapping to the Corrs and drinking Guinness. Xoxo

Happy St. Patricks Day!  Who else wore green to work today?

Even after 16 years, it's such a relief to not spend St. Patrick's Day dancing for a bunch of drunk people.

Happy St.Patrick's day, to the Irish man! Love, health and happiness! Enjoy the day, nothing but the best! :)

Top of the Mornin' and Happy St. Patrick's! Where do you go to raise a pint?

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!  In honor of this beloved saint, we are giving away these sweet clover earrings or our

Join us tonight for a great St. Patrick's Day.  Corned Beef and Cabbage and Irish Nachos will be served all day.

(#FlakoprettyX7) See How Prince William and Kate Celebrated St. Patrick's Day: How do you cel  (#FlakoprettyX7)

Doubt (movie tie-in edition) - John Patrick Shanley: Now a major motion picture! Starring Meryl Streep, Philip

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Is There a Better Time to Discuss Beer in the #Raleigh, #Cary, #Apex Area?

Let us help you celebrate St. Patrick's day! Half price pints!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! You have a chance to win a Blu-ray/DVD copy of #Shrek the Musical in today's #DWAGiveaway!

Celebrating St Patrick's Day on my Orlando vacation by going to the Titanic museummmhmm

The only reasons I like St Patricks day-I'm Irish. So it's required -I get cornbeef and cabbage

Iont Even Care For That St.Patrick Parade

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Try this #green velvet recipe from  #PaddysDay

Is everyone having a great St Patrick's day?

Happy St. Patrick's Day, everyone, from Ava Gardner and me!

happy st Patricks dayAnd by that I mean Patrick from fob

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! What's your favorite Irish blessing?

Happy St.Patrick's day people :D

Happy Saint Patrick's!!! Doors open

We're celebrating St. Patricks Day all day long with Green Beer, Irish Coffees, and Corned Beef  Cabbage! Stop by!

isn't St. Patrick only forirish people?

Happy St. Patricks Day! Please celebrate responsibly today. Remember most agencies have extra patrols out, and

St. Patrick's Day ONLY:  In honor of the wearing of the green, Backstage will help keep more green in your

ONE HOUR UNTIL THE ST PATRICKS DAY PROOF SHILLELAGH (SHI-LAY-LEE) STOUT GLASS GIVEAWAY!

I love your St. Patrick's Day blog post from last year. Very well-thought-out. :-)

5pm on St Patrick's Day - who's going for a drink to celebrate?

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Come celebrate with me!!!!  Sports Bar) [pic]:

The Prayer of St. Patrick I arise today Through the strength of heaven; Light of the sun, Splendor of fire,

I'm relying on all you drunkos to throw in an order today. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Bored here today. So, how are y'all doing this St Patrick's Day?

Pretty upset the other Tim Britton wasn't invited to do the national anthem here on St. Patrick's Day:

Celebrating the remainder of St. Patrick's Day in Dublin by hiding in my room with a bottle of Baileys and Netflix

This is easily one of my favorite days of the year.  Arthur Guinness and St. Patrick are two of the most unique

Go GREEN for St. Patrick's Day by eating GREEN. Eat plants to protect the planet

Happy St. Patrick's Day from the Barre Team!

Happy St. Patricks day from my favorite little munchkin!

Trend Alert: 'Happy St Patricks'. More trends at  #trndnl

Thank you for sharing, Anthony!  Happy St. Patrick's Day!  :)

St. Patricks Day is an excuse for my 1/8th Irish side to drink myself senseless

Judge John J Russo marching in the St Patrick's Day parade!

Happy St. Patrick's Day. Don't drink, or do drugs!

Happy St. Patrick's Day Floor Fact - Both  dance only on Harlequin Cascade. What a floor!

I Lowkey forgot it was st.Patrick's day

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all!! hahaha

#Enthusiastic crowd lines Dublin streets for St Patrick's Day - Irish Times

Happy St. Patrick's Day from American Cancer Society! Don't rely on Irish luck for good health, check out these

Happy St Patricks Day! Join us for #momtravelchat tomorrow at 9pm Est!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Hope it's filled with fun and maybe some lucky clovers! #GoGreen #StPatricksDay #LuckyClover

It's St Patrick's day and we have Green Spot - goinggoing.gone! Get it while you can - very limited whiskey!

Did you know? The original colour associated with St. Patrick was blue. #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day, savers!

Happy St Patrick's Day Everyone! Any Native-Irish out there?

A St. Patrick's Day gift for you! We're raffling off 20 free pint glasses for Stone's brand new Go To IPA! Put

St. Patrick's Day Bash in Jacksonville, FL tonight!

Is there anything happening tonight since it's St. Patricks day?

The first Irish organization in SC was the Irish Society of Charleston, which met first on St. Patrick's Day, 1749.

Nice cheeky pint after uni with our Terry to celebrate St Patrick's Day.

Today is St. Patrick's Day. Probably won't wear green so if you pinch me, be prepared to be punched in the nuts regardless your gender.

Happy #StPatricksDay Take a look at some of our fun data related to St. Patricks Day!

Today, wear green and save some green!  Come visit our tasting room today, March 17, in your St Patrick's Day

Oooooo Happy St. Patricks Day everybody!

I'm surprised that there isn't a doodle for St. Patrick's Day.

Only on saint Patrick's day does everyone claims there at least .8765 percent Irish

Happy St. Patrick's Day! nothing better to get this day started than some baileys and sox cards

HAPPY ST. PATRICKS DAY TOO ALL MY FELLOW IRISH FAMILY!!! :) Sporting green today, #KissMeImIrish hahahahah #Finn

Happy St. Patrick's Day! We're green with envy about high scorer Rob with 16/20 on this -  can you beat it?

How is my Galatians commentary related to St. Patrick? The Galatians were Celts  St. Patrick wasEnglish. Drat.

I like how I'm half irsh so when everybody says HAPPY ST PATRICKS DAY I'm like aawww! You guys! Xd

We would like to wish you all a very happy St. Patrick's Day. Will you be celebrating tonight?

Spoiler Alert: This is not about snakes or green beer. -- Learn about the Real Saint Patrick

I'm sitting in class and I'm the only one wearing green. It's St. Patrick's Day. What the heck? #LebanonProbz

What do you mean it's snowing on saint Patricks day??

Happy St. Patrick's Day To Me  All The Irish!! #StPatricksDay #Irish

Right. I meant I don't care about celebrating St patricks day

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Here are some Irish bars around the world in which to celebrate  #lp #travel #StPatricksDay

Happy St.Patrick Day :))) Let's green up :D

Listening to Celtic music for St. Patrick's day. so uplifting

Happy St Patrick's Day! May your home always be too small to hold your friends (and pets). - Irish toast

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!! What are some of your #Irish traditions? #REMAXMetro

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Here's an Irish  #Colcannon #soup to warm you up. I am using kale in mine.  #StPattysday

Happy St.Patrick's Day! Don't forget to Book Porter to Clean Up after your Party : )

back in Laramie for St. Patrick's Day??

Due to a lack of green clothing this is how Dad does St .Patrick's Day. #Green #HappyStPatricksDay

Def my fave St Patricks day ever X #ToBeSureToBeSure

There's more English people celebrating St Patricks day than there is that celebrate St George's day #Backwards

Lol didnt even know it was St. Patricks Day.

I am so excited to be here, Happy St Patricks day #KleenexStyle

Happy St. Patrick's! 1st day of la market. Let's rock this day! #lamarket #fashion

Happy St. Patricks day, people of the internets. Remember no matter how much you drink today, tomorrow is still a weekday.

Said Happy St Patricks day to but not to my own father who is half Irish.I should do that

St. Patrick's Day: the one day where day-drinking doesn't make you an alcoholic

Happy St Patricks day! We will see you all soon for that perfect pint of Guinness and may be even a cheeky whiskey!!!

Celebrating St. Patrick's Day with a beautiful Mass.

Happy St Patrick's Day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Contest winners announce tonight!

Thanks for retweeting, We really appreciate it :) Happy St. Patrick's Day!

I forgot about St. Patrick's Day. So I didnt wear green. So Dont fucking Pinch me. Pinch me and your getting slapped. On ME ! Idc.

Still confused though, did St. Patrick lead the snakes out of Ireland or the slaves? #bigquestions #StPatricksDay

happy st Patrick day xx Irish people are amazing xxxx

ST PATRICKS DAY. And we know how to Partyyyyyy, we have Boytits from 10pm followed by Victorian Barbers!!

Happy St. Patrick's day!!  Green beer for all!

Regardless of some problems in the world right now - here's to an absolutely lovely St. Patrick's Day

Its okay to celebrate St Pattys day and not be irish, St Patrick's parents where Italian and he was born in Scotland

today I saw a lady dressed in all green and I was like why is she dressed like a leprechaun and now I remember its bc of st Patrick's day :P

In honour of St. Patricks Day the most creative and amazing green art #ImaginativeMonday #StPatricksDay

Wishing you all the luck in the world. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Do be careful out tonight.

St Patricks Snow Day Breakfast (at w/ 3 others)

Wishing you a shamrock on your breakfast bread basket.  Happy St Patrick's Day from Glendeven Inn Mendocino.

my saint Patrick's day contains

Happy St. Patrick's Day from A Sensual Portrait!!!

If I celebrated St. Patricks Day, I think I would celebrate at a Mexican restaurant.better food and less crowds!

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! Green is the new black. ;) #PatricksDay

Still need an Irish bar for St. Patrick's Day in #Philly? We have a list for you. y  #PhillyRocks

Hiya Bestie! Happy St.Patrick's too! Xxx

Seventeen Magazine: #ManicureMonday: 6 ways to rock green nails on St. Patrick's  #fashion

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Wiki on its history for inquiring minds.  #StPatricksDay

Another topical subject in the St Patricks day parade in Cahir, the pylon controversy courtesy of Mattie McGrath TD

Tory MP: Nigel Evans allegation 'a misunderstanding': Former Tory chief whip Patrick McLoughlin tells a jury t

Happy St. Patrick's Day Sun Devils! #asu #pitchforkawards #godevils

One of the best things about St. Patrick's Day is the delicious food of this holiday - corned beef, red potatoes,

St. Patrick wasn't Irish and I don't drink alcohol so why should I care again?

SNAKES CANNOT THRIVE IN COLD WEATHER THEY NEED TO SUSTAIN THEMSELVES IN A TEMPERATE CLIMATE. SAINT PATRICK IS NOT SO IMPRESSIVE NOW, HUH?

too bad I'm not prevet anymore or I could go to Kenya with Patrick and his zoology crew

Still very cold, but spring must be coming, since it's #StPatricksDay !  Have a Happy St. Patrick's Day!  #Ireland

One handsome kitty. Happy St. Patrick's Day to all.

Happy St.Patricks Day! #gogreen and spend some time in #nature today.

Happy St Patrick's day !!! TONIGHT I'M AN IRISH BOY 3

First time I have ever seen Downtown London, ON open and functioning on St. Patrick's Day.

Slainte!  Happy St. Patrick's Day!  I'll be doing my annual Irish set at St. Patricks Day Party!  We play at 6!  #ATX

Wait hold upIf 5/5 are togetherAnd it's St. Patricks DayAnd Niall will be getting drunkTHAT MEANS 5/5 DRUNK

We feel Lucky to have the best Agents on earth. La Rosa Agents Rock! Happy St. Patricks Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Danlee Medical Products, Inc.  #cardiologysupplies #electrodes

Wear your green and grow it, too. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

St. Patrick's day - excuse to start drinking from 10am.

Happy St. Patrick Flood day everyone!

St. Patricks Day is my favorite holiday where people are obligated to wear a certain color!

Happy St.  Patrick's Day from the Paulson family !!

Happy St. Patrick's Day lads and lasses! Green Beer Brewery:

every single time I walk into the spar I look at kerrang and cry cos patrick's on the front and mikey's on the back

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY! Green Miller Lite today until it's gone. And kids eat free with the purchase of an adult meal!

I'm not Irish but I like celebrating St.Patricks day do u this that's weird or not xxx

In honor of St. Patrick's Day, we found this picture of a great green Mackchassis that's mounted  with a JJ

aigoo, the Irish celebrate st Patrick day, when you wear green and drink beer, you don't know?

The #StPatricksDay parade in #Dublin was amazing! Got some great #photos Happy St Patricks Day!

Fuckknows who st patrick is and what he got against me but his packs on fifa were fucking horrific

Guinness drops sponsorship of New York City's St. Patrick's Day

( #Team_Wolf1) Erin Go Brrrr! Snow for Some on St. Patrick's Day: Spring, mercifully, is schedu  ( #Team_Wolf1)

Happy St Patrick's day and may your wee pots overflow with gold :D

if you're only going to buy one bottle of Irish whiskey this St. Patrick's Day, this is the one

nprnews: The Dark History Of Green Food On St. Patrick's Day

New design team card for St Patrick's Day on #cardmakingandpapercraft Whoop!!

CollegeHumor: St. Patricks Day vs. The Morning After  Irish I were still drunk.

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! Celebrate with a Keefe's Irish Stout at the Henry House, Lion's Head, or growler from the brewery.

Exactly. Have a happy St. Patrick's day friends!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! How about eating something green today? In fact, why not just make it a #MeatlessMonday meal. :)

St. Patrick's Day always reminds me that you all look ridiculous wearing green.

Definition of depression: having to study on St. Patrick's day

Who knows if we celebrate the day St. Patrick was born or died?

I nvr heard of this punchin thing on St.Patricks day til on twitter today. I wish I mofo would of hit me

The pre-class dancing tonight will be traditional Irish tunes in celebration of St Patrick's Daymusic starts

It's St. Patrick's Day, I'm Irish. And tonight I have no plans to have a beer or even get kissed. So, I'll be with my boy woo!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!Love, Student Council

Happy St Patrick's Day! Heading over to Flaherty's for corn beef 'n cabbage

We are celebrating St Patricks day and will not be at Westlake  Harrison today.

I take St. Patrick's Day pretty seriously so if you're not wearing green today don't talk to me

Happy St. Patricks day everyone! Don't forget to wear green and don't forget to come get a saucy t-bird for lunch!

Support Veterans this St. Patricks Day, and give $1 to 'Emergency Fund for Veterans'   #onetoday #veterans

I just want to enjoy St. Patrick's day like this

I'm shipping up to Bostonheeeeeeyyyyyohhhhhh!!!  Proud to be Irish!!! Happy St. Patrick's Day! Wear your green!

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! I just read about St. Patrick. Its an interesting read! Enjoy a beer today! Be safe in your celebrations!

Happy St.Patrick's Day Rams Fans!

Happy St Patrick's Day everyonehave a great evening!!! #HappyStPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Check out our photos from Irish Bred Pub's celebration on Saturday!

Happy St Patricks Day to all the #Tighes out there

Happy St. Patrick's Day 3/17/14-San Francisco Ballet style!

Easy St. Paddy's Day recipe! Worth sharing  via

Happy St.Patrick's Day from this wee leprechaun !

St. Patrick's Day Special! Get any GREEN Italian soda for half the price! Mix and match any flavors, we don't

Irish coffees on hand!  Patrick's Day Parade w/ 147 others)

Why Some Big Brands are Snubbing the St. Patrick's Day Parade  via

It's St. Patricks day and I'm stuck in red and black.

Scotty wilbekin, Patrick young, Michael Frazier, Casey Prather, Chris Walker

To be honest,  I didn't even realize it's st. Patricks day.  That's like elementary school days, when we would pinch each other

In honor of St. Patrick's Day, here is an amazing emerald and diamond pendant!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Be safe and don't forget to designate a driver!

Happy St. Patrick's Day Cresties!

Happy St Patrick to everyone. Especially those who love green and hates snakes.

Some facts surrounding St. Patrick's day.  It's not just about parades and green beer!

In honor of Saint Patricks Day, I will be tweeting various Boondock Saints quotes throughout this Monday.

My dad proper abandons me every single st patricks day I hate my LIFE

St. Patricks Day BOOK #GIVEAWAY. Enter your name as much as 10 times. Irish author draw. Details

3-17Happy Saint Patrick's Day!! Secrets and Lies (Cassie Scot) By Christine Amsden Cassie Scot, still

St. Patrick. Celebrate this man who lived to #makeHimfamous.

St. Patrick wasn't Irish! He was born in England in 350 A.D. and likely lived in Wales. #StPatricksDay

Like seriously people go to a band parade one night and the next there celebrating st Patricks

I wanna get drunk! It's St. Patricks Day, perfect excuse to get drunk :p

Having lunch with broadway producers. Not a bad way to spend saint patricks day.

Happy St. Patricks. We can all be a little lucky today. 3, #prettylivingpr

Yes,it is St. Patricks day  no, I am not wearing green. Pinch me  I'm gonna slap you

St. Patrick's Day - what a great day to be a limerick writer -  - even for a Beachwood guy - luv ur show

In honor of St. Patrick's Day the Dow, SP and NASDAQ are all in the GREEN today. *slaps knee* *drinks bottle of turpentine*

Here's a St Patrick's day riddleAn Irish man walks into a bar on Friday he leaves on Thursday. How did this happen? He stayed there a month

Guinness drops sponsorship of anti-LGBT #NYC St. Paddy's Day Parade  #gay #LGBT #StPatricksDay

Treasury time! St Patrick's Day Parade on Etsy - all handmade, all Irish makers :

My last St Patrick's Day parade in Indianapolis. I will miss it greatly.

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Gary Germer  Associates!

St. Patrick's Day Party at The Wooden Match with Paulie Knakk and Harkland from 6:00 - 10:00! Be there!

Top 10 St. Patrick's Day celebrations around the world  via

Fun activities to do with your kids to celebrate St. Patty's!   #stpattys #stpatricksday

Defensive Fashion Design Tip. Wondering why you're getting pinched today? Get on some green! Happy St. Patrick's Day

St.Patricks day in Dublin is an interesting experience

Happy St. Patrick's DayJapanese style. (photo: Tokyo parade)

Back at ya our man from Moy Happy St. Patricks Day

And now I'll put on the twenty different McKay themed items that Facebook wants to sell me for St. Patrick's day.

Been dead embarrassed cause I'm slurping wine on train to this gig then realised it's st. patrick's day I CAN DRINK ALL I LIKE so legit

Come to Dairy Queen today and enjoy some green ice cream to celebrate St. Patrick's Day!!! Yum!!!!

The Left's St. Patrick's Day Beer-cott

Happy St. Patricks day Irish Pub

HAPPY ST-PATRICK'S DAY EVERYONE! Please Frock Responsibly!Helping you connect! #FROCKME #STPATTYS

Hanging out with my love  Relaxing watching movies and later for some drinks  Happy St. Patricks Day !!!!!

I'm not Irish but I'm rockin' the best St. Patrick's Day T-shirt today !! #Lucky #St.Patrick'sDay #BostonStrong

Thank you Lida and Goad-a-la-mode for the St. Patrick's Day cupcakes!  They are delicious!

Where are you spending your #stpatricksday?  Tweet me your St.Patty's Day pics from around the U.S.! #travelpics #kissmeimirish

I remember! Hello, I'm Katie and I'm tweeting for Braywick Nature Centre for Groundwork! Happy St Patrick's Day.

happy saint Patrick's day to my favorite Irish boy i love you

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Check out how is celebrating this year!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Here are some easy to make drinks to help you celebrate (or recover from this

Happy st. Patricks day..R.I.P grandpa. Luck of the Irish.

BLAHHHHHHHHH!! HAPPY ST.PATRICKS DAY!! CHEERS TO EVERYONE AROUND THE WORLD!! WE'RE ALL IN THIS TOGETHER!!

Happy St. Patrick's Day Morrison County! #econdev #economicdevelopment #business #rural #Morrison #MN #StPaddysDay

happy saint Patrick don't drink lot of beer.  I kiss you

Happy st. pattys day green buds not beer #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's day lucky charms. lol! #howluckyareyou?

Happy St. Patricks Day, white people!

love The wild Rover cover bud.Happy st Patricks day.

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all! Interested in a quote? Call 563-547-2382 today to save some green!! Our agents

Happy Saint Patrick's Day from all of us here at Limberg Eye Surgery and LASIK Institute!

R.I.P. St. Patrick! And may we misremember you through Alcohol!

Kobe Bryant about to wear some green for St. Patrick's Day. #GoLakers #HappyStPats

St. Patrick's day, all ya drunk mofuckas are a nuisance -_-

Thanks for listening, Robert! Have a great St. Patrick's Day!

Happy day #14 - Free cup of tea in honours of St.Patricks Day! #100happydays

Hi Gemma Happy St Patricks Day!!!! Please follow me it would mean lots thanks :)

Looks like St. Patrick's Day shenanigans are delaying the HUGE announcement   We apologize! It's going down at 11am, and we can't wait!!

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Zuhl Museum: Home of the Zuhl Collection!! Do you know what makes this petrified wood green?

I dont celebrate St. Patrick's because i have no idea what it stands for so dont  pinch me or you will get slapped. K thanks

It's PATTY MT Happy St. Patrick's Day! $20 off $75 with code PADDY20. Sale ends Friday midnight PT

Happy St Patrick's Day #Reno! Come see us from 4-6pm for our #HappyHour and have a pint of beer or two to celebrate!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Try a top like this that has enough green to get you through today w/o any pinches!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Enjoy the green beer responsibly and #HailaCab home! Have a great day in this beautiful

From yesterday. Pre-St. Patrick's Day Parade. Belfast. #irishtrip14

Happy St.Patrick's Day from my beautiful Bunnyful and I. Enjoy your day! #Bunnyful #StPattys

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Just for today, fantastic menu items like Corned Beef  Cabbage, Lamb Chops served with

hey Goldilocks! Happy St Patrick's Day! =)

My 3 red headed leprechauns  Happy St Patricks day!

Happy St. Patricks Day  yes I changed my look again lol!

America's drive-in, SONIC is offering half-price cheeseburgers all St. Patrick's Day. No clovers for lettuce, or

Here's to a great St. Patrick's Day in Chicago! #HappyMonday

Why are so many birthdays on St. Patrick's Day?

Instead of my usual hoopla, today I am celebrating Patrick Dempsey's saintly hair. #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Enjoy the celebration if taking part.Plan a safe way home to ensure you're available for next year's Party!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! I will take 2 4packs of (at

So if I'm going out for dinner tonight and their doing a st.Patricks day theme do I have to wear green?

happy st Patricks day.please may u follow me as it is st Patricks day.u came to my school last year and I love u all xx

At Patricks some creepy day for strangers to touch other strangers and get away with it

Happy St. Patrick's Day - check out our specials for tonight!

My little sister said the funniest thing about St. Patrick's day- sharing it on the blog today!

The color of Saint Patrick's day is green so why arent we all lighting up #wakenbake

Little but o' beef stew at Rosie O'Grady's for St. Patrick's Day lunch.

my fave St Pats Day -- How #Chicago Turns Its River Green For St. Patrick%27s Day by Eileen Shim  via

Walked out back of my work and there's a big stage here setting up for a St. Patrick's day festival Where are my boys Flatfoot 56?!?

My fingernails been painted green since last week, but today everyone noticed and thinks I did it for St Patrick's Day Uh. Negative.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Check out these awesome naturally green recipes on Culinary Hill perfect for celebrating

HAPPY ST PATRICK'S DAY ALL! Call into any of our locations for $4 Shamrock Dangles! #StPatricksDay #yeg #daydrinking

I have done nothing on this St Patrick's day, but I am wearing green socks, which sort of counts I suppose? Anyway have a great day guys!

Happy St-Patrick's Day to all those with a little Irish in their heart

Happy St Patricks Day! Celebrate with a green smoothie  an infant green peas one piece!  #organic #smoothie

St. Patrick's Day Parade Controversy:  via

Do you celebrate at all on St. Patrick's Day?

Yes, I'm wearing all black today. Because I'm Irish. Screw St. Patrick. Bring back the snakes. :)

Happy st Patricks day mother fuckers!!! Drink have fun be merry!!! Hahha #turndownforwhat

Happy St. Patrick's day from N.VA!

Americans seem more into St Patrick's day than us in England

Meatless Monday on St.Patrick's Day, what's a girl to cook?

SWAC Girl: Roaming the yard in the St. Patrick's Day snow

I would accidentally wear all black on St. Patrick's Day. #allblackeverything #alldayeveryday

Happy St.Patricks Day from Italy!

One of my favorite quotes. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

happy St patricks day niall hope you have a great night with all the beers xxx

Happy St. Patricks day aka the day I hit 1k on Instagram.

Happy St.Patrick's Day irish ppl

People think it's st. Patrick's day but it's really national bracket day

Today, everybody' s #Irish! Happy St. Patrick's Day! #Cheers

Why celebrate St. Patricks Day when you can celebrate my mom's birthday

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Whispering Manes! Visit our Facebook page to see Nutmeg's wishes to you.

Decided to sport the new Budweiser jacket and it's jut so happens to be St. Patrick's Day #awwyeah #ohtheirony #grabsomebuds

Celebrating St Patricks day with the traditional Irish buffalo. With and

Can't wait for St Patrick's day celebrations tonight with the fam!

Me and Em at the St. Patrick's Day Parade! Last year :) #6months #lastyear #motherdaughter #st.pattys

Happy St. Patricks Day from the love of my life and me (: zacht32

I guess since I get drunk all the time anyway it'd be a crime to not get drunk on St. Patrick's day.

The Firm will be open today for St. Patricks Day - Come check out our great drink specials!!!!

#mcm and #stpaddysday man crush Monday to the one and only Patrick Osborne from Revenge

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Beagles can have the Luck of the Irish too, right?

Happy #St. Patrick's Day #green specials at ORB Lounge- a Beer o' Shot, an Irish Lady or a Lucky Leprechaun!

Happy St. Patricks Day #ymm you just need to call me! #ymmrealtor

The Gulf_Beacon lights will shine bright GREEN tonight to celebrate with you. Happy St. Patrick's Day Pittsburgh!

Was just thinking of the St. Patrick's Day Paradethen remembered, Cumberland Creek is not a real placehehehe.

Kari: OMG that guy is Scottish! Me: uh.. it's St Patrick's day

Happy St.Patrick's Day! Explore the beautiful hills of #Ireland with the New Adventures Women's Travel Club

St Patrick's Day cupcakes, what better way to celebrate?

Happy St.Patrick's Day!  Work hard, play hard but be Safe! #luckoftheirish

You may ignore this tweet. But te deceo a happy St. Patrick's day.

Happy St. Patrick's Day ye little leprechauns!

I rarely drink on St, Patricks Day.

Check out these St. Patrick's Day menu specials from across the country!

The Chicago river is green for St. Patricks day lol

Give the luck o' the Irish this year with these fun St. Patrick's Day gifts.

Autocorrect just summed up St. Patrick's day perfectly. It decided St. Patty's day is actually St. Party's day, I think that's about right?

The Telstar Team Wishes everyone and Happy St Patricks Day.  Please be safe while you have fun

I wouldn't mind wearing this dress for a St. Patrick's wedding! It's so pretty, it's the Pin of the Day! #SJPinOfTheDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day To All! Be Safe Today!

Finn mc cools irish pub happy saint Patricks day

Check out - The Best Cities to Celebrate St. Patrick's Day

Your Lucky Day: Some Luck-filled Romances for your TBR: Happy St. Patrick's Day, dear readers! Are you celebra

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Come down to see us at El Bruno's, we'll help you celebrate your inner Irish!

God, you sent St Patrick to preach your glory to the people of Ireland. By the help of his prayers, may all Christians proclaim your love.

As a non-drinker, I just hope they don't run out of Soylent Green, that's my favorite green treat on St. Patrick's day.

#repost happy birthday momma. Yes Trixie is born on St. Patricks Day . #100% Irish. Best woman ever

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Don't rely on luck: Get prepared for disaster today:

Reclaiming St. Patrick's Day - But if we are to choose a social issue for March 17, what would it be?

The only more St. Patrick's baseball game than Cardinals-Red Sox today would be Notre Dame vs the NYPD.

Hey Everyone! Happy St. Patricks day, people! Go find a leprechaun! And if ya can't, drop kick a midget!

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Fine Art Bartending School! Tuition Sale on Now.

St. Patrick day is a social construct. This day doesn't even matter. Carry on. Get drunk. Make mistakes. In December, u'll have a Leprechaun

Erin Go Brrrr! Snow for Some on St. Patrick's Day - Spring, mercifully, is scheduled for Thursday.The nation's cap

St Patty's Day Parade NYC !! #nyc #parade #stpatsday #stpatricksday #ireland #irish

Have a great day from the west! See you at Tinorn Tinhorn Flats Hollywood tonight! Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone. Here are some interesting unknown facts presented in a really cool info-graph.

Happy St Patrick's Day!This reminds me of Anne O'Donovan, who does this dance so beautifully.  Happy Day!!

Happy day st Patrick's , today I put something green jejjejeje FOLLOW ME

Wish at Patricks day was an actual holiday so we would get it off of school

Happy St Patrick's Day to you all! Let's raise a glass to George Clooney, wherever he may be.  Cheers!

Tweet____: Happy ST Patrick's Day!!!! :D

- Thanks you guys! Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Back in Pana and I accidentally wore green! #winning #nopinchingme

Happy St. Patricks Day from Fitness Resources! Make sure to wear green to avoid getting pinched!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! We're celebrating by listening to the ST; join us!

geekkenya More Americans Are Celebrating St. Patrick's Day Than Ever Before

Cardinal asks for St. Patrick's Day $$$ for cathedral while seeking to close  -  -- 16:20

Happy Niall Day haha St. Patrick's day it's Nialls day get it ahh

If you don't have Andrew W.K. cranked at some point today, you aren't really celebrating St Patrick's Day properly #WeWantFun

I can tell it's St. Patrick's day, everything in the dessert section in the cafeteria has some form of green food coloring in it.

I just realized it was St. Patrick's Day even after that last tweet and I subconsciously wore greenwat?

People on my TL are tweeting about 3 things: the earthquake, how spring break is over and St.Patricks Day. Real original everyone smh..

Happy St Patrick's Day! Holiday celebrations can be wonderful opportunities for children to learn about

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Celebrate with this 14k white gold 0.46 ct emerald and 0.05ct diamond pendant (style#

Make me laugh all these st Patrick day tweets,when most are not even irish

Oh, it's St. Patrick's Day? I didn't know.

Brussels Sprouts for St. Patrick's Day! #castiron #food52

via More Americans Are Celebrating St. Patrick's Day Than Ever Before

May the Irish luck be yours, on St. Patrick's Day. Enjoy your day . xoxo

wait. You're telling me that St. Patrick wasn't a saint at a local baptist church?!

Happy St. Patricks day to all my fellow Irishmen out there. Party hard and safe lads and lassies. Remember you need to make it home safe

Wish they'd change the drinking to 18 on St Patricks day because that's the age in Ireland

Beer, yetis, and video games with my buddies happy st Patrick's day homies

Juanes dropped a new album, Pi Phi won Greek Week, and it's St. Patricks Day. Okay Monday, I see you.

some total states wandering around uni/town todaymust be st. patricks day or something? #boreoff

HAPPY saint Patrick's DAY. To ALL. GOD Bless all.

Happy St. Patrick's Day Everyone from the staff here at The Niagara Region Park Interpretive Programs Office

happy st Patricks day :) love you lots xx #VoteTheWantedUK

Well, we survived our first St Patrick's Parade day in Corktown and it was a PARTY! Even in frigid temps the beer

Happy St. Patrick's day from Nutgraphweekly!

I thought it was St. Patricks day not hate on Justine day

Happy St. Patrick's Day. Here's a nice patch of green to celebrate. It's almost hard to remember green after this

Can you name this classic? Hint: it features a famous spy! Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! These festive green treats are a great way to celebrate.

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!!!Photo: Santa Cruz Sand

happy st Patrick day little leprechaun:D love xxx

Happy St Patrick's Day and #MoeMonday!! #welcometomoes  Southwest Grill - w/ 2 others) [pic]:

#mcm My favorite huntsman,sheriff,  Mr. Grey. Plus he's Irish, so perfect for St. Patrick's Day.

Oh it sure is St. Patrick's Day.

St. Patrick's Day is a drinking holiday for college lightweights and Soccer Moms

I like this idea of St Patricks Day much more #HappyStPatricksDay #falloutboy

St.Patricks day socks on my feet, so get like me

Who needs to actually leave work to celebrate St Patrick's Day when Fado's next door tent party is so loud your whole cube is shaking..

See the trick to making these simple festive St. Patrick's Day cupcakes:

the man is super hungover. he was practicing st. patrick's day all weekend. #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Our luck-of-the-Irish gift to you is this AWESOME blog on how to design your room like a

KFVS-TV: Did you see Laura Wibbenmeyer and Crystal Britt sporting their St. Patrick's Day

Happy St. Patrick's Day and don't get pinched this year!

I can honestly say I haven't been pinched on St Patricks day since elementary school.

Happy St Patricks Day! Who'll be joining us for a pint of the cold stuff tonight to celebrate? #Guinness #StPatricksDay #Ireland

Find your Pot O Gold here at Margarita's Cafe today St. Patrick's Day! 2 for 1 dinners all day and $3.00 green beers  margaritas! Join us!

Maybe they made no school on St. PATRICK'S day because someone would pinch the wrong person and fights would be everywhereeee.

The day after St Patrick's should always be a holiday

A St. Patrick's Day story with strong lads, lovely lassies, Las Vegas  a bit of magic: Luck o' the Irish!  Print

Happy St Patrick's Day  right back at you too x

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Just remember to have fun, swallow your pride and don't drink and drive.

More St Patrick facts - 1) His mother's name was Conchessa. 2) He played full-back for Arsenal for many years.

Love the color green!!!! So happy to be able to rock green all day. Happy St Patricks day :)

St. Patrick obviously isn't the patron saint of the weather.

TRE's float in motion as captured by the Colorado Springs St. Patrick's Day Parade officials!!

Happy #StPatricksDay! The only acceptable day to drink beer instead of wine

Happy Saint Patrick's Day!! Remember to wear green and be safe! :)

Celebrating St. Patrick's Day in London. More at six

Celebrating St. Patrick's Day by Dancing in Unexpected Places! #stpatricksday #irishdance #irish #dance #flashmob

Don't forget to wear your mean joe green jersey today, Happy Saint Patricks Day!!!

Happy st Patrick's day! #bokeon2014 Bowl

Happy St Patricks Day! What's everyone's booze plus games combo?

Matcha on St.Patrick's Day! Green RULES!!! #steepedteainc #mcconnelldancers #thethingsmymommakesmedo

Viber can #FRO with its Paddys Day sticker #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patricks Day to all my Irish friends.  My Irish eyes are smiling.

Happy Saint Patricks Day Clay nothing much

lol whut it's saint Patricks day oh yay happy day but it's ruined bc it's Monday put wear green or I'll pinch you with a crab

Green beer for St Paddies with zi Germans #IrishDrinking #drinkingGerman #StPatricksDay

Your friends at SchmartBoard remind you NO SUI..soldering under the influence..Happy St. Patrick's Day

I Wish Today St. Patricks Day Was On A Friday So That I Could Go Party With The White Folks ! Lol

oh, and happy St. Patrick's day to the Irish! #imnotirish #imnotirishitsok

Happy St Patricks day to all our friends around the world. You've got an open invite to visit us in Ireland

Happy St. Patrick's Day from The Lucy Pet Foundation! (photo credit: stay in home pet care)

#PANTYHOSE/STOCKINGS #clips4sale She Puts Back on Her St. Patrick's Day Pantyhose After You Cum   via

follow me! #KCA #VoteTheWantedUK Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!! :)

Use St. Patrick's Day as a way to get some more #green in your diet! Try our Green Goddess for a dose of nutrition!

Happy St. Patrick's Day y'all. I'm not Irish but you all know this pol, doesn't mind drinking, the color green Or being kissed

And that's why I avoid public places on St Patrick's Day. Drunk, obnoxious people. Amateurs.

So shit how St Patricks fell on a Monday

saint patrick jane is red and red john is green

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!! andrewlamping

Happy St. Patricks Day hope you have a good time and party hard!! From FL with love

I'm so confused, I thought saint Patrick's day was tomorrow what the fuccccccck

Happy St. Frolic's Day! Enjoy a whipped cream leprechaun hat! #wafflefrolic #StPatricksDay

Everyone always makes fun of me on St. Patrick's Day

It's St Patrick's Day! But what about a day dedicated Norwich and the surrounding area? What would it be called

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Granite ADPhi!

I never realize how little green I own until St. Patrick's Day.

In celebration of St. Patricks Day let's talk Green Screen.

happy st patricks day!!!!! Xxxxxxxxxxx love follow me pleaseeeee x

The human equivalent of a 4-leaf-clover is a #designateddriver when you go out tonight. Have a safe St. Patrick's, everyone!

st.patricks day isn't complete without disney channel playing the luck of the irish

Edible rainbow necklaces, #Foodcrafting Happy St. Patrick's Day!!

Today in 1765 - Quebec City - 1st Canadian St. Patrick's Day celebrated by Irish troops in the British Army at Quebec

American St. Patrick's Day Is a Violent, Drunken Disaster | VICE United States  via Ouch.

Happy St. Patrick's day!Today is extra special for the humans at Birdsong as this is the day 8 years ago that

Here's to a happy and responsible St. Patrick's Day from

After tonight, I am sure there are a few people saying this  LOL  :D  :D  Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!3 Join me

Do people actually take the day off from work for Saint Patrick's Day? Am I really just that lame? Never have I done that. Can't afford to.

Happy St. Patrick's Day to everyone in the web hosting community!

Happy st Patricks day to my favourite Irish babe miss you girl! Wish we were partying tonight!!

We all have heard of #St.Patrick'sDay. How about blue butterfly day?

Happy St Patrick's day!  Mountain - w/ 9 others)

Love the pic! Happy St. Patrick's Day!

I'm giving away: St. Patricks day shirt. Check it out -  #listia

Just a heads up, gang.We will not be at Voodoo tonight for karaoke. They are doing with a DJ tonight for St. Patrick's Day.

Video: A sea of green spectators celebrate at St. Patrick's Day parade in Vancouver

Wearing green in spirit of st Patricks day I hate green. #BomberNation

I hope you get a chance to enjoy St. Patrick's Day!!

don't know who st patrick isnor will i look that shit upnor will i celebrate shit i dnt even know wht it is

Where you stay at blood .? It's St. Patricks day, it's yo lucky day. Ima beat yo ass.

happy st patricks day niall, i dont celebrate st patrcks day as im not Irish but still love you!!!!

Lol St.Patrick Is Actually From Wales; #Ironic

This St. Patrick's Day, let them eat cake: chocolate cake!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! First real day of Spring Break! Sun is shining! Now, if this virus will just go away, life will be perfect!

Happy st. Patrick's day I can't breathe right now

Happy St.Patricks Day! to all irish and not irish!

Uh feel obliged to wish everyone happy St. Patrick's day. And no, it's not an excuse to get pissed. Ya don't need an excuse for that shit!!!

Who is wearing something green today for St Patrick's Day?

17 Best Twitter Reactions To The St. Patrick's Day California Earthquake: This marketin

Yes, I know it's st. Patricks day and no, I'm not wearing green

Red Sox show their true colors today by wearing green jerseys on St. Patrick's Day in spring training.  #StPatricksDay #Irish

Aye it's Turnt Dwn Town With That St Patrick Day Shit

Happy St. Patrick's Day! We are wearing green today. To be even more festive, true to our name, we might have a pint of Guinness after work.

Thanks Michael for the add! We hope you have an awesome St. Patrick's Day! Have you ever been to the Black Hills?

Irish sayings and Irish quotes are in high demand today, being St. Patrick's Day and all

happy saint Patrick's day!! Go get mortal ;) xx

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Celebrate by #recycling electronics with #ABC40 #GoGreen

Happy Saint Patrick's Day to all my friends

Happy St. Patrick's Day. There is no wine in the house, but I have found some undiluted screenwash, so crisis averted.

Photographers capture St. Patrick's Day parades, green illuminations, and holiday merriment worldwide  #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patricks Day everyone, please stay safe and sane!

Happy St Patricks day from the entire Yum Yo's staff!

Look forward to having a green beer - Happy St. Patrick's Day! #StPatricksDay

St. Patrick's Day Special:  Irish Cream Latte (any size) Reuben Hand Pie  $10.50 #GetYourGreenOn

Do people know what St.Patrick even means? But hey lets drink and party without knowing what it is.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Are you wearing green? Need something green? We have green! You'll find us in Grant Park

From Irish fries to colcannon hash our St Patrick's Day roundp

Attention people complaining about snow on St. Patrick's Day: It's still WINTER and will continue to be so until Thursday. #ThatIsAll

Happy St. Patricks Day FamilyLego!!

wth it's Patricks birthday today !

This time last year i was celebrating St patricks day in america at the parade :( ffs.

what's so great about St. Patricks Day?

Have a GREAT St. Patrick's Day! Enjoy the celebrations and have fun!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! - The Muppets:

#StPAtricksDAyand you think in Patrick from #SpongeBobXD haha Ok no just saying

May your blessings outnumber the shamrocks that grow.Have a blessed St. Patrick's Day.

St. Patricks Day is when I renew my love for the Dropkick Murphys

Mani(c) Monday: Saint Patrick's Day nails

I liked a video  25 Little Known Facts About St. Patrick's Day

Happy St.Patrick's Day Zikomo Bags fans! The featured pattern starting today is 'Blast from the Past' for just 25$.

Am I supposed to drink today because it's St. Patricks Day?

Happy #StPatricksDay After drinking all day, I know how you'll feel tomorrow.Get in #better #shape and try this

Drinking Irish Stout with lunch for St. Patrick's Day. Makes work a better place.

I don't care about St. Patrick's Day, so instead I'll honor the part-Irish Elvis Costello.

Happy St Patrick's Day!!! Stay SATISFYD this holiday!

Ce soir venez feter avec nous la st patrick a Trafalgar Square the place to be ;)

Happy St. Patrick's Day, Miss Carli! Hope you get to feeling better soon!

Happy St Patricks Day WASA!  Enjoy responsibly if you haven't already

Pick your poison for St. Patrick's Day: Irish coffee, whisky, beer? How do you celebrate?  #StPatricksDay

Everyone eating corn beef hash and cabbage today for St. Patrick

What are you doing in celebration of St. Patrick's Day? Send your pics, or share your comments with us!

Happy St. Patricks Day!! Picture from the Henderson parade this weekend! Lots of fun!!

If ur celebrating St. Patrick's Day with a few drinks, DON'T DRINKNDRIVE! It saves lives as well as ur pot o' gold.

All these St. Patrick's day tweets are indirects to me. Thank you *bows*

where can i buy the new st paddys day jersey? #StPatricksDay #RedSoxNation

Fail Blog - The Dos And Don'ts of St. Patrick's Day Outfits

As Irish as I am, and as much as I like to drink, I have never once been able to celebrate St. Patrick's Day.

My battery is dying ooooo the gist asap my time is very precious to me (mrs patrick)

Let's join our fellow Irishman in celebrating St Patrick's Day!

Ohhhhhh man. Its St. Patricks Day.((((:

best St Patricks day tweet ever

Awesome representing the USA and LSU marching in the St. Patrick's day parade!

And Happy St Patricks Day ( aka appreciation day in a way ;) )

A nice Irish soda bread for St. Patrick's Day! #notevenirish #ijustlovebread

Happy Saint Patrick's day Mofo 3

Happy St. Patrick's Day! From your local Irish Radio Guy, let's do songs about drinking, Songs from Irish CLassic

It is a flute player Cady Coleman marketers hands. It was Patrick's day. I have enjoyed flute at break tm

Hoping you all have a great Green Day

I liked a video from  Why we Celebrate St. Patrick's Day

Read about St Patrick's Day here. . .

should have worn green for my main man st patrick but i don't own anything green because am relatively normal

My friends and I used to kick off St. Patrick's Day at 10am, starting with a case of Mickey's Big Mouths because it had a shamrock on label.

In case you wondered, there is no St Patrick's Day special. Just a normal video, unless I find time tonight. Sorry :(

Happy St. Patrick's Day.  Let your Irish spirit shine with our Lime Orthodontic Glitter!  To see all of the

Your St. Patrick's Day edition of The Bull On Demand starts now, Gotta a song about drinking green beer and

it looks like I'm really enthusiastic about st patricks day but in reality its raining  my rain jacket happens to be green

just returned from St Patrick's night bash. Some interesting sights on the dancefloor!, Essence of Ireland vg. thank you !

Fact: You haven't celebrated St. Patrick's Day until you've had a Guinness. #stpatricksday

Annual St Patrick's Day joke: What's the definition of Irish Alzheimer's disease?You forget everything but the grudges.

Today seem so dry. I need some coochi on this St. Patrick's Day

Pretty sure tea isn't going figure in many St Patrick's Day celebrations But if it did, this would be perfect!

Hello St. Patrick :) my oh my are you tall!!!! :P more parade photographs to come (all on my camera) :)

Guinness Caves to Gay Pressure, Drops St. Patrick's Day Parade Sponsorship: The battle between gay rights acti

Here's to a new day of a new week!Happy St. Patrick's Day to you all!#HappyStPatricksDay #NewBeginnings #BeTheChange #TheOriginalMammaMaita

Another great photo from yesterday's St. Patrick's Day Peace Parade! Huge thanks to all of the organizers and

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Just having fries, a drink, and watching CNN. Wolf Blitzer is hilarious. Graphics from inside a plane!

I understand it's st Patricks day but you guys need to turn down it's not even 2 pm jesus christ

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all my Irish homies! Whoop Whoop!

Happy #StPatricksDay! Join us for a day of insane fun!

Happy two years of sharing spit though we were definitely too embarrassed to admit it then Saint Patrick did us a solid

it's a rest day! Celebrating our patron saint #Happy St Patricks Day

Happy St. Patricks day from the baseball team where the grass is greener!

Saint Patricks Day is a pointless holiday

Happy St.Patricks Day, Niall :)You taught me this day and I love it :) 3x

On this snow day off from school, have your child celebrate St. Patrick's Day by reading with a pet.

it's not unacceptable to get drunk all day because it's St. Patricks day

My county's only 3.5 percent Irish, as it turns out :) Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day, everyone! Let's hope this is the start of some warmer weatherand with warmer weather

This is the day I mention that St. Patrick's day is really about English Catholics murdering Irish Pagans.

33.45.78 Now Playing Paddy Butler - St Patrick's Day - 1965 #Irishmusic #vinyl #records #radio

Nothing says St Patricks like Chicago Green Rivers. Check out the 33 Hi Shoot

Happy St. Patrick's day from your friendly neighbourhood #optometrist. #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  $5 Smithwicks  Tulllamore Dew plus delicious corned beef and bangers and mash specials.  See you here!

I don't really agree that the celebration of St. Patrick's Day is cultural appropriation.

Didn't remember it was Saint Patrick's day today.still wore green coincidently. #winning

Did you know St. Patrick's Day was a dry holiday in Ireland until 1970?It's true! Besides wearing green, the

I wanna go out for st Patricks day :-(

Sazar - Happy St. Patrick's Day from Professional Pet Sitting Etc.   via

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Have fun #lawstudents, but not too much fun :)

dyed a hole river in 30 seconds Chicago River Goes Green for St Patrick's Day  via

LOL!! Happy St. Patrick's Day Joan!!

Celebrate St. Patrick's Day with us and get 10% off your green bowl!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Here's to eating all the greens you don't eat every other day! Cheers #StPatricksDay #green

This talented Crafty artists made their own headbands! Happy St. Patrick's Day from us!

Song of the Day: (St. Patrick's Day Edition) 1 of my favorite Irishmen  What Makes the Irish Heart Beat

Happy St. Patrick's Day Gainesville! #stpatricksday2014

Scotland the only country on earth people complain about other people celebrating St Patricks day. #Bigots

You don't have to tweet it. Happy St Patrick's Day bruv.

The only thing I look forward to on St. Patricks Day is Disney Channel playing The Luck of the Irish.

Thank you for the love, Patrick! Have you ordered our new seasonal flavors yet? #freshPRESSEDseasonal

My advice on St. Patrick's Day: if it's not naturally green, don't consume it! #StPatricksDay #justsaynotogreenbeer

St Patrick's Day Tip. Avoid messy bar brawls. Instead attack total strangers in a round of Blackjack Attack.

My middle name is Patrick, and that enables me to make such accusations freely

Happy St PATTYS Day fuckers! #stpatricksday #greenteam #greensquad

I don't even know it was St Patricks day smh. That was only relevant in HS

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Be safe today, folks!

A day of celebration: Saint Patrick's Day and the 30th anniversary of one of Godfrey's finest  and greenest!

The Irish love to fight and drink so how bout on st Patricks day we have a big ass brawl then pick each other up and have a beer

Some people really take St. Patrick's day to the next level!  #weareBNG

Happy St. Patrick's Day! We're taking $5 off Chicago Irish Tees and Sweatshirts to celebrate. Slainte!

no one at community college wears green on saint patricks day haha

Don't look at me weird when I ask if you have green beer on saint Patricks day. You're the worst waitress ever.

Wishing you all a very happy and safe St. Patrick's Day!  Wilson

Happy St. Patricks! Best in Ireland in Iceland on #QuizUp!

I'm not Irish so St. Patrick's Day is just another day on the calendar to me #sorrynotsorry

Red Sox use green bases with white shamrocks on St. Patrick's Day (Big League Stew) -

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all. Hopefully you guys are enjoying today the right way = sans sobriety!

Wishing you a very happy and eventful St. Patrick's Day.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Why not celebrate by helping children? #StPatricksDay

Bagpipes playing on campus today. So wonderful..IF SAINT PATRICK WAS SCOTTISH!!!!#LegalistLisa

im not wearing green. sorry st. patrick

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!! We thought we would share 's perfect St. Patrick's Day green. #holidaycolor

A very happy St. Patrick's #MusicMonday to the Jim *O'Ferrell* Band!  Give 'em a listen at

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY TO ALL THE LADS  LASSES ON TWITTER.

Stuff your Saint Patrick Day. I'm not old enough to drink so there's no point.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Trying out this beer bread recipe, let's see how it turns out.

I know I've been saying it for the last few years, but next year I will try to give a fuck about st Patrick's day and go out drinking

Woah it's Saint Patricks Day since when

Happy Saint Patrick's Day from all of us at Burlington Hyundai!  ^MC #btv #stpaddys #hyundai

I'm mostly Irish but I don't do anything for saint Patricks day

This is one of the only days of the year that I can wear green and look normal Kinda #GingerProblems #StPatricksDay

As usual, looks absolutely stunning today. Happy St. Patrick's day to you as well!

Happy Saint Patrick's Day. Of course we have Green Beer  Giveaways :)

Day made. Cake Wrecks is the best.

I MEAN can't we all just stop trying to make a Monday St Patrick's Day happen, it's not going to happen

No Mayors at St. Patrick's Day parade

w/ wishing Patricia's Mom a happy st Patrick'sDay  happy birthday !

Happy St Patrick's Day!! Come on by for our limited edition Baileys Espresso macarons to celebrate! #stpattys2014

Happy St. Patrick's Day M.V.P.'s!

So far, my favourite St Patrick's Day post - 3 acclaimed muppets, singing together at last.   #oldiebutgoodie

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!! Hope ye all have a good day!! :)

Happy St. Patricks Day from Ariasalt! #Ariasalt #StPatricksDay

: encouraging underage drinking with fans since 2014 St. Patrick's Day

Happy St Patrick's day!  Meanwhile, in Banff

Better good manners than good looks. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

The only green clothing I own is the green on Doctor Doom's cape Happy St. Patrick's Day!!

Got dress in head to toe green today.i forgot it wad St Patrick's day. I wanna go change

It might be a Monday, but it's St. Patrick's Day! You officially have the right to party all day long! PADDY HARD:

Happy St. Patrick Day to our favorite Irishman; I love you3

Happy St. Patrick's Day from our favorite Tech Director Kevin Anderson, and Connections Director Lori Hartley!

Happy St Patrick's Day from Apex Signs Ireland

Are you wearing your green today? If you are, stop by and we'll give you 20% OFF an item. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St Patricks Day  POTATO!

The most unexpected coworkers are wearing St. Patrick's Day outfits. Example: our CFO.

Kill the Patrick VI - Team #GRTV - Episode 1:  via

Paul Ryan just claimed that he also helped St Patrick drive the snakes from Ireland. #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day twitter! Have a green day y'all ;D

I didn't wear my green today for ST.PATRICKS DAY..I SMOKED IT

Please do not wish me Happy St Patrick Day. I'm not Irish, you are not Irish. Might as well be St Trinians Day. #stgeorge #english

Mouthwatering. 34 Ways To Eat Guinness On St. Patrick's Day

I didn't even realize it was st.patricks day

Celebrate #StPatricksDay tonight near the #HotelGriffon in #SF at the St. Patrick's Day Pub Crawl starting at 5PM!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! We've got our green going and lots of fish and beer for you. Don't forget corn  potatoes!

Spending my st Patrick's day on the toilet. #earthquake #meatloaf #italian #cuisine #rubarb #partyinghardwithbirtha

Says it all. Happy St Patrick's Day

Ronan- do we have any reason to believe that St. Patrick was not gay?

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Thank's, ScarlettsPhotos.

Hi Melissa! Hope you and the girls have a great St. Patrick's Day!

GM Barb Happy Saint Patrick's Day

HAPPY ST PATRICKS DAY!! I wore a green shirt for you!!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! If you could pick an Irish first name for yourself, which one would you choose? I've always liked Aislin.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! We wish you a day filled with luck and if a green beer is in your future, please

A little something for St Patrick's Day. #whatmakestheirishheartbeat #vanmorrison

happy st patrick's day. Drink up and get a falafel for extra happiness

a tasty green snack for the greenest day of the year! #StPatricksDay

Check out for coverage of events at #LegendDerryFoodFestival and all at Patricks day celebrations in

sort of sad that its snow not St Patrick that brings to close

Unless you're Irish or have Irish family, stop celebrating St Patrick's Day

Just call me MEIGHEN O'MALLEY! HAPPY ST.PATRICK'S DAY!

You're the next Lady Gaga. What a sweet tale of dongs and St. Patrick's Day debauchery.

Happy Saint Patrick's Day from High 5!

On St. Patrick's day, it's acceptable to return to work from lunch a little tipsy right? #HappyStPatricksDay #DontJudgeMe

#Healthy way to celebrate MT Kick off your St. Patty's Day with one of these green smoothies!  #StPatricksDay

It's St. Patrick's Day, deffos your birthday like #leprechaun

Happy St Patrick's Day ever'body! And a throwback Monday to the 2008 Raleigh St Patrick's Day Parade!

Celebrate St. Patrick's Day with some festive #gelato flavors from #Paciugo Shops At Legacy - #stpatricksday

Happy St. Patrick's Day - raise a smile!

anyone wanna celebrate St. Patrick's day

niall should take st.patricks day selfie

FACT: St. Patrick's Day isn't from Ireland and they don't wear Green.

I'm not Irish, and if you kiss me I will probably punch you. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Glad to know you are home safely. Happy St. Patrick's Day to you also. Take care. #sadeyes

Interesting infographic about #St.Patrick'sDay  Are you wearing green today to avoid getting pinched?

Happy St. Patrick's Day! On a related topic, Acupuncture is effective at relieving hangovers :-)

Hi Niall Happy St. Patricks Day! 3

Happy St. Patricks Day! A pic of a beautiful stallion during play time.  Have a great week everyone!

St. Patrick chased all the snakes out of Ireland. Will we get a St. Gareth day when I chase the racists out of the world? #JesusReincarnated

3 Lucky Traits Every Entrepreneur Can Learn From The Irish: With St. Patrick's Day upon us, the 'luck of the Irish' is in full swing.

fuck you it's St Patrick's dayy

This is Great!  Happy St. Patrick's Day.

I will be celebrating st.patrick's day ..I dnt care if I'm black..lol

St. Patrick's Day Revelers PSA: If you are skunk-drunk, don't dance on your roof. Just. Don't.

My question is this: why don't we get drunk/celebrate St. David's like St. Patrick's day?

An Irish blessing from Carnivale Travel to you and yours!  Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!

DJIA is combining about 4 different fractals all in one.. its a cracker.. #IrishAccent (St Patrick's Day)

Happy St. Patrick's Day! I wish I could party with the Irish!

I just learned that Green means Catholic for Saint Patrick's Day!!! I'm serious! I heard it in the school office

St. Patrick was an escaped slave who spent the rest of his life trying to save the souls of his former captors:

PHS representing RI at the NYC St. Patrick's Day parade. Music takes you everywhere.

10 delicious Irish recipes for Saint Patrick's DayIt's Saint Patrick's Day, so why not whip up an Irish stew or

Happy St Patrick's day. Pop in for a pint of the black stuff

Gov. Blarney on tax freeze is fun to watch . Happy St. Patrick's Day.

SoOoOo, Today is Saint Patrick's Day  I'm Irish.. :)

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!! All work and no play for this girl:(

SAVE The GREEN!***17% OFF Saving$ ..HAPPY St. Patrick's Day!***

Fuck Saint Patricks day, im waiting for St George's and I'm gonna get rat arsed on bombardier bitter if anyone wants to join me.

Happy St Patricks Day everyone - have a great evening. will be busy tonight. Pour us a pint we are on our way down!

SINCE IT IS ST PATRICK'S DAY.UMMMMM..IS THAT A LEGIT EXCUSE TO GET LITBOL

WH press spox admits borrowing a green tie for briefing on St Patricks Day.  Seems to be a 3 line whip in US public life

Saint Patricks celebration at our place tonight .. Getting Irish wasted

St.Patricks Day: another excuse for college students to drink

St. Patrick's Day as we know it is really an American invention. Here are a few facts about the history of St.

Linacre rep just made my day, thanks for the pot of Gold  Happy St. Patrick's day :)

The first St. Patrick's day that I'm able to actually go out and have fun, and I'm electing go stay in and relax. #ohwell #imirisheveryday

Wishing an incredible opening night tonight. Love that it's a St Patrick's Day first night! #breaklegs

Beer In Film #76: The History of Saint Patrick (

Happy St. Patrick's day from the Syracuse Sons!

Folk the celebrate st Patricks day and don't know when St. Andrew's day is need to get a grip

I couldn't go green this Saint Patrick's Day.

I once worked at a pub on st. Patricks day. Never again. Sorry for all of you. #serverproblems

Happy St. Patrick's Day! (hat is niece's but had to be done)

It's St Patrick's day, so of course I'll wear green as I sit around and play Madden.

Yay! MT In celebration of St. Patrick's Day, our team started working on an Irish course!

We're wearing green! Happy St. Patrick's Day! #kissuswereirish #stpattysday

Fun St. Patrick's Day show tonight on Jimmy Fallon: James Spader, Kermit the Frog  music from Black Forty Seven.

Happy St. Patrick's day - get your free gift now!  #free #health #stpatricksday

Happy Saint Patrick's Day!  Come have a green themed shake of some sort!  Pistachio, avocado or Oreo Crunch

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Come in and get your Irish on in our bar!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Come celebrate with a drink with us at the bar!

St. Patrick's Cathedral, New York City, NY#stpatrickday #TravelAroundUSA

Happy St. Patrick's Day!! Save $15 off our Green Kigurumi by using coupon code Green  #Kigurumi

Happy St. Patrick's Day! A #Sheboygan couple discovers their Irish roots with a little help.

For St. Patrick's Day, let's find a creative way to share the gospel with our culture.

I'm at Rice Park - for The 48th Annual St. Patrick's Day Parade w/

Celebrate St. Patricks Day at The City Park Grill!

For one day only! Save some green on select customer favorites:  #StPatricksDay #save

So is St Patrick's day basically Straight Pride?

Toast to St. Patrick tonight with this refreshing beer cocktail:  #stpatricksday

Tequila on st. Patricks day? Whatever

It's freakin cold! Colder than predicted. Some St Patricks Day!

We hope you all are having a great Saint Patrick's Day today! Already a lot going on at the Square. Johnnie

Andy McDermott is auditioning at Wendy O'Brien Casting on St. Patrick's Day? Surely this qualifies for some luck o' the Irish?

Happy Saint Patrick's Day to everyone who doesn't have kids. Because---let's just be real. #sorrynotsorry

Happy St. Patrick's Day post some pictures of your favorite green Pearl drums!

St.Patrick's day.will leave my appartment (in the image) for a guinness soon(after I told you who won the X-T1) :-)

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY! The only holiday I religiously follow every yr even though I'm not Irish. Have fun celebrating ya'll!

Happpy St Patricks day ! Now let's booze

Happy St Patrick's day everyone!! Let's go kiss some leprechauns!!

Nation Celebrates St. Patrick's Day: America spends the weekend celebrating St. Patrick's Day despite cold wea

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!! Last chance to get your green beer and car bombs for $5 all day long!! So come chill

Though we are #green every day of the year, we wish everyone a Happy #Stpatricksday.

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! Hope you have a happy and safe one.

Did #StPatricksDay take you by surprise? You can still make the day festive w/ these easy DIY streamers:

I just realised it is St Patrick's Day well Happy St Patrick's Day to everyone that celebrates it

I swear. St. Patricks day is like 4/20 for alcoholics

Mallards  celebrate St. Patrick's Night in each other's company this evening at 8:05 CT in Rapid City

A Little Irish Whiskey On St Patrick's Day!

Happy St Patrick's day everyone! (Is it March?  Already!)

Made green slime in chemistry today as part of a organic chemistry demonstration. Happy St. Patricks Day ;D #myhandsaregreen

Luck of the Irish is a must watch on St. Patrick's Day

Hope you're having a Fantastic St Patrick's Day!

AYEEEEEEEEE. turn up. its St.Patricks day ;)

The Wicked Witch of the West can cackle all day long on St. Patrick's Day! #LeprechaunLuck

RTE's first ever report on a Spanish St Patricks Day parade coming up on 6one

Happy St. Paddy's Day! Have a ton of fun and make sure you have a good one! #stpatricksday

That just made my whole St. Patrick's Day right there.

Happy St.Patricks Day.. See ye all later from 11pm with

Happy St Patricks Day! Stay safe and we are always available 614 257-9349.

Hope everyone has had a great St Patrick's Day!

Holden going all out for St. Patrick's Day #DidntExpectLess

don't worry, I have recovered +am now sporting my St.Patrick's - themed party hat! I know how important it is #ridiculous

Soooo St. Patricks day is like actually a celebrated holiday?? I thought it was like Presidents' Day. Or Groundhog Day.

Happy Saint Patrick's Day from our new Historic Lorain District farm partner!

Wah it's such an inconvenience to have St. Patricks Day on a Monday..

I'm gonna compare Saint Patrick and Cole Billington's brother Kyle, Kyle gets kidnapped and taken to Earth, Patrick was kidnapped to Eire.

Pulled it together for St. Patrick. At last, these beautiful Emerald green earrings are available on line not

So now every black person is out here celebrating at Patrick day smfh when half u didn't celebrated black history month/any of our holidays

Day for green beer!! ;-) Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Just want to wish Happy St Patricks Day to all of my friend at the The Luck Of The Irish!!

Happy St Patrick's Day o/   *Throws potatoes at everybody*

If I hear anything about St Patrick's Day from Brandon I might just flip

My co-worker unexpectedly put this over my head. :|Happy St. Patrick's Day.

Happy St Patricks Day! I found my #PotofGold for this weekend. #wagyu #brisket #bbq

Oh you look gorgeous! Happy St Patrick's Day!

Happy Saint Patrick's Day everyone! This coupon is only available until the end of the day, so order quickly

st patricks day is today?? our parade was saturday, i though that was the day. (gays allowed, obv, because san francisco)

Happy St. Patrick's Day! All day #happyhour specials! $1 off all your favorite #craftbeers and #wines. Cheers!

Happy St. Patrick's Day guysss! :D X

Boba Fett can't miss on St. Patrick's Day!! #LeprechaunLuck

St Patricks day!  Multiple giveaways: hats, beads, etc.  $4 Guinness and Irish Whiskey!   $5 car bombs!  #lastgasp

May the luck of nature be with you this St. Patrick's Day and every day!

Guinness pulls out of St. Patrick's Day parade in support of LGBT rights  via #Bravo

Hi everyone!Happy St. Patricks Day!Open classes6:00 pm Ballet with Leah 7:00 pm Strength and Stretch,Leaps

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Become the next green leader of NYC  join the Fellowship and Conservation Corps.

New diet means no booze? Quit drinking on St Patrick's Day? I've done enough stupid things on the 17th, time to reverse the trend.

saint patrick's day calls for a reminder that dropkick murphys is a terrible fucking band and always has been

Look what quizzes Quizup puts on for St. Patrick's Day. Talk about stereotypes. It's enough to drive you to drink.

Happy St Pattys day.  Have a green beer or three for me!! #StPatricksDay

Happy St Patrick's Day! Get your PC and laptop up and running with local and trustworthy - free estimates!

Find your pot of gold in Tampa Bay with all of these local St. Patrick's Day hits

Everyone's Irish on St Patrick's Day. But I'm actually Irish! :)

Happy Saint Patricks day!!!Everybody have a good one.!!!

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!!!! Irish I was drunk!

MIDDAY MELTDOWN:ST. PATRICK'S DAY by John Mayer

Enjoying the St. Patricks day festivities

Happy St. Patricks Day from #campgilead GREEN team!  Have you ever been on the #green team?

Off from work, but got school! Hey who cares Happy St. Patrick's Day

To celebrate St Patrick's Day I'll be running naked through the streets later. Don't worry. I'll be covered in green body paint(i.e., puke)

I know it's St. Patrick's day, but I have the Leap Day William song stuck in my head.

crazy animated gif: guys look terrified: St. Patrick's Day earthquake on live KTLA broadcast

How many calories are in your St. Patrick's Day feast? |  | Celebrate with an informed indulgence

In honor of St. Patrick's Day, here is a very Irish themed painting. The artist spent a few years in Cincinnati,

#Lent #Lent2014 Some thoughts for #StPatricksDay Patrick: The Patron Saint of Irish Forgiveness

Top o' the day to you! Wishing you a Happy St. Patrick's day, and ps. - NO we will not be turning our wine green!

I didn't even know it was Saint Patrick's Day but my shirt has green on it anyway

It's St. Patrick's Day, so let's all complain about how people are celebrating it wrong.  #sarcastictweets

I'm getting the understanding that I'm bringing too much stache into St. Patricks Day.#Impossible #MustacheMarch

that's Patrick Fabian I guess ?

If you found a pot of gold today bring it in to Tena's for Cash! Happy Saint Patrick's Day!

St.patricks day= 115 camo shamrock emblem and whole lot of jahvi

Kiss me I'm irishI feel like only works today on St Patricks day. #ImIrish ;)

Yearly St. Patricks day tweet: HE WAS ITALIAN

Patrick mohr pick up then ima hit northpark

who is Patty? Patrick would be turning in his grave. That's if he ever existed in the first place

Iiiiim dreamiiiiing of a whiiiiiiite St. Patrick's day

Happy St. Patricks Day!!! Here is the schedule for your favorite Irish Drinking Band, Darby O'Gill and the Little

So how's St. Patrick's going so far?

Experience the luck of the Irish this St. Patrick's Day with unprecedented savings on System76 laptops!

Since it is St Patrick's Day if I make a wish would it come true because of luck?

Have a great St. Patrick's Day everyone. Be safe!

Who going out for saint Patricks day tonight? #chambana

Tinkerbell is strutting her stuff in her little green dress! Happy St. Patrick's Day Tink! #LeprechaunLuck

My St. Patricks Day plans did not involve me writing a paper, so if someone wants to do that for me I'll pay you

This GIFset of Dylan Moran listening to the Dropkick Murphys is all I wanted for St. Patrick's Day this year

your telling me we get polaski day off but not St Patrick's day? Last time I checked there's more Irish people then polish people in IL

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Here's a look at the Casa campers working on their pot of gold craft.

Happy St. Patricks Day to all of DASHA's clients!

COME IN AND GET THE PERFECT OUTFIT FOR YOUR ST. PADDY'S DAY FESTIVITIES!!! HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY FROM ALL OF

All amped for St. Patricks day drinking , started already but power nap then round 2

Happy St. Patrick's Day - For a super exposition on St. Patrick and the rest of the Celtic saints - see Anthony

#100HappyDays day 19: I may be sick, but happy St Patrick's Day!!!

Are you trying to figure out what to cook tonight as you celebrate St. Patrick's? Here at the Artisan we still

Our entire offices wishes you a Happy St. Patrick's Day!

hubby wanted a St. Patrick's day baby but she was born a day later :P

Happy St Patricks Day from Miss Jean's Things . I didn't find any 4 leaf clovers! #stPatricksDay

Happy St. Patricks Day everyone! Or as I see it, Happy Everyone's a Wannabe Irish Day!!!

I feel like St. Patricks Day shouldn't even be a holiday

Had no idea st patricks day was a religion based thing.

why are english people celebrating st patricks day? i don't understand

I find our obsession with St Patricks Day to be kind of silly. But, am I going out for a green beer with after work? OF COURSE!

St. Patricks day was only a big deal in grade school

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  In honor of the color green, here are some ideas to make your patio even more amazing

Happy st. Patrick's Day Hop Pole - Shepherd Neame

Its st. Patrick's day! I'm not a beer person but I shall have some beers after work

LIAAAAMMMMM how was the rehearsals today?????Happy St.Patrick day btw

An earthquake was a rude way to start St. Patrick's Day, it must have been those naughty leprechauns! Happy St. Paddy's Day, everyone!

Happy St. Patrick's Lists Day! Please click on the card..:)

Live with passion!!! #bandlife oh and happy saint Patricks day!!!

Happy St. Patricks Day! Refresh your servers and bartenders on safe alcohol serving for the holiday

Thanks for following me  happy St. Patrick's Day!

it is important to wear green to signify that you know it is St. Patricks Day

why is St Patricks day even a thing I don't get it

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Come celebrate right with some corned beef and cabbage! Add a cold beer!

Claddagh Jewelry: Symbols of Friendship, Love and Loyalty  Happy St. Patrick's Day!

The St Patrick's Day festivities marching up Fifth Avenue past Central Park in #NYC Pic via

happy sant patricks day please.follow me kisses

Happy St. Patrick's Day!! It's the day when white people claim they have some type of irish in them

On St. Patrick's you're supposed to kiss an Irish person. I'm not Irish, I'm Italian, so you can kiss me the other 364 days of the year

A liberal just asked me if I support banning Religous groups from marching in the SAINT Patricks day parade.  Talk about dense.

Happy St. Patrick's Day -- May you all have the Luck of the Irish todayBest, Charles

I love you so much happy Patrick

It's St. Patricks Day! Who is wearing their green?

Nothing say's Happy St Patrick's day like playing at an Italian restaurant.  's gig tonight.

Tutorial: St. Patrick's Day fabric scrap wreath

Happy St. Patrick's Day! I had to repost this video of Mobile Alabama's #LeprechaunCrackHead

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY! 20% off code LUCKYDUCK till Wed 7am est Visit ASOS on HeartThis

who even cares about St. Patrick's day?

Happy St Patricks Day from Seattle. It's not raining :)

why are we not as into st. George's day as the Irish are with st. Patricks day?..

Flying the flag on Spirit in St. Carles de la Rapita today ! Patricks's Day Greetings to all from Oliver  Luca.

St. Patrick's day tradition of Boondock Saints with later!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Back from SB08 in NYC with kathryncoop #stpattysday #luckoftheirish

WOOOOOOO happy saint Patrick's day

I wish we celebrated st George's day as much as the irish celebrsted st Patrick's day

Happy St. Patricks day! What are you going to do to celebrate!?

In honor of St. Patrick's day, every traffic light should be green today

New York's St. Patrick's parade marches on amid gay rights controversy: NEW YORK (Reuters) - About one million

I've never celebrated St. Patrick's, i lost my grandma on this day.

St Patricks day, the day everyone brings out the fact that they're 1/53rd Irish

St Colman's Church in Cleveland this AM before the downtown parade.  Today, we're Irish! #StPatricksDay

I swear every month there's a St Patricks days

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Thank You for helping me close up shop. Enter FINAL60 for 60% off  grab your free

Happy Saint Patrick's day bitches! Come join me at #Obannons ! And for christ's sake please drive careful.

Sosa's picture from last year. Happy St Patricks Day!!

I totally forgot it was St. Patricks Day Hahah today sucks.

Happy St.Patrick's day, happy St. Patrick's night!!! #StPatricksDay

loss of Patrick Corbin for the season is a big loss. It'll be interesting to see if they attempt to pick up another pitcher.

Wishing everyone out there a happy St. Patrick's Day! Don't get caught without your green on! Be safe!

oh its st.patricks day,im irish so bow down to me and kiss my feet

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Who is rocking their #Riders gear today? #Greenisalwaysthecolor

Great read! Love you embracing Irish traditions! Have a great St. Patricks Day! How do you add flavor to your baked potatos?

The brothers of Sigma Phi Epsilon wish you a happy Saint Patrick's Day!

Black people don't really give a shit about St. Patricks Day. And now that its raining, they really don't give a shit.

Raging now that it's St Patrick's day as I can't even contact my bank!

oohhh excellent!! definitely the movie to watch on st patrick's day :-)

Good advice on St. Patrick's Day : Always buy the first round. - My dad  via

Bored this Saint Patricks Day? Tune in to WVCU to hear DJ Nathan Wilcox! Campus channel 16 or online at

So its Saint Patrick's day right Why is Leprechaun back to the hood not on!?!

Celebrating St Patricks day in style. Chuckie ar laa old bean what what tally ho.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Head over to for a feast of whiskey tonight:

A very happy Holi and a very happy Saint Patrick's Day to everyone celebrating today!

im half irish and hate st patricks days.just another excuse for people to drink..

Happy Don't Forget To Assign a DD Day! #StPatricksDay #greenbeer #srsly #dontdrinkanddrive

Happy St Patricks Day! Guinness time

Does Dennis hear Patrick hitting Maxine? Wat you waiting for go in and help her! #PoorMaxine X

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Who's wearing their #green today?

St. Patricks Day represents a good time to learn about your Irish heritage #StPatricksDay #pattysday

St. Patrick's Day is great for RtI/MTSS! Everyone can be in the green! #RTI #MTSS

Happy St Patrick's Day to all our Irish followers and students. We know you'll be having a great evening.

Don't leave it to luck this St Patrick's Day. Make sure you  your family are up to date with screenings and immunizations.

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!  Show up to the park today and show us your GREEN and we will save you a little

Happy St Patricks Day! No, I'm not wearing green. Attempt to pinch me and I will go Game of Thrones on your ass.

Monday night with ice cream and my two (TV) boyfriends. Patrick Jane and Jim Halpert. Nice night.

Happy ST PATRICK'S DAY!!!! TIME TO PARTY!!!!

We will be wearing odd socks on Friday to celebrate Down's Syndrome awareness week. Happy St Patrick's Day!

'Common Ground': evocative reflections on a St Patrick's Day weekend by '

Bren  Mike Show - Happy St. Patrick's Day  via

Eating a Reuben and watchin Maury. Just like Saint Patrick would have wanted

My family love takin St Patricks day way to far

INTRAMURALS are NOT running this evening - Happy St.Patrick's Day!

St. Patrick banished snakes from Ireland. #StPatricksDay

Celebrate the Legacy of St. Patrick with  10 Day Faith-Based Travel #StPatricksDay #Faith #Ireland

There is something about St. Patrick's Day that seems to lead me to having better perspective and sense of self. Also, inflated self-esteem.

This is the day to Don the green gi   Happy St. Patricks day to all. #stpatricksday #bjj

Fantastic Vegan Food Ideas to Get Your Green on for St. Patrick's Day!

All the guys in the Dolphins pic are named Patrick

HAPPY ST PATRICK'S DAY. your the best leprechaun ever.

:: HAPPY ST. PATRICKS DAY ::Come see the gorgeous women of 1899

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!  #Luck is believing you're lucky-Tennessee Williams

i need to hit up chicago for a st. patrick's day weekend one of these years.

true, he/it has been super, i really do love Patrick and Maxine!! but Nick has been in it so long but he's still so fresh!:) xx

Watching a great old Disney movie #LuckoftheIrish it is St. Patricks day

Happy St. Patrick's Day from our Distinctive family to yours! Don't drink and drive! Be Safe! Have fun!

How is everyone celebrating St. Patrick's Day? Does no one have jobs? Lol

Wearing green to the gym next level st Patricks day commitment

Just saw your fire dept marching in the #Savannah St. Patrick's parade. Be careful cooking!

Happy St Patrick's day: Irish feast for the boarders

For St. Patrick's Day we're giving you a $1 off a Green Tea Smoothietry it with some Granola.yummmm

Okay, social media blackout is being implemented until I can watch The Walking Dead. Enjoy your St. Patrick's Day!!!

May u always have food  drink, And a pillow for ur head. May u be 40 yrs in heaven, Before d devil knows u're dead. Happy St Patrick's day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!! #stpatricksday #luckoftheIrish Kings Landing Bar And Grill

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Hope you're wearing green. This strip is from 04/30/1956. #StPatricksDay

Happy Saint Patrick's Day from ShowTell Team by G.S.S Beauty Crochet Baby Boutique  via

Wishing everyone a Happy St. Patrick's Day! Have a great one and a beer for me.

Happy St. Patrick's day! Almost forgot to wear green!

I remember when st.Patricks day was a big deal.

Happy St Patrick's day everybody! Where everyone is a little bit Irish.

Happy St Patricks Day! Hope you had a good one. Hiya to all the people I saw over the day!Had fun with the lads,

Pot Of Gold! The 55 Best St. Patrick's Day Sneakers  Today is St. Patrick's day and wheth

BREAKING NEWS!!!!!!! Pot Of Gold! The 55 Best St. Patrick's Day Sneakers   #news #omg #bet

Got hit by my first biker. Happy St. Patricks day!

It's a very strange St. Patrick's Day

How many RT's for this wee bit of Irish wisdom?! Happy St. Patrick's Day #luckoftheirish

Happy St. Patrick's Day from the Homewood Suites Arlington team! #StPatricksDay

Getting some St Patricks Day packs guys! Will be picking a random retweeter who will win the best players I get! So RT RT RT!

An accurate depiction of my feelings towards Chinese speaking class on St. Patrick's Day.

Everyone's talking about alcohol and getting wasted. Must be st Patrick's day #sad

is today St. Patrick's day or yesterday pa?

GOOD MORNING!!! and Happy St. Patrick's day!! Did you have a Green drink today? You can use Kale, Kiwi, Spinach, Green Apple,  or celery.

Monday, March 17, 2014Mondays with MarthaHappy St Patrick's Day Everyone! If you're out celebrating today or

We suggest coffee w/ Baileys! Turn that day around!

Happy St. Patrick's Day, Sedona! Drive safe tonight!

May the luck of the Irish lead you to health, wealth, and happiness. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

The struggles for Hughie on St. Patricks Day. Haha. #stpatricksday #colorblind hugh_g_rectionnn

#TSA Polices St. Patrick's Day Parade  via

Food/Recipe News - St Patrick's Day recipes: Celebrate Irish food this March 17 - Express.co.u

Happy St. Patrick's day I wuz baptized on this day.

i have a green tat so i never need to worry about st patricks day again

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  In the spirit of St. Patty's, we're offering free shipping on this green BOH necklace

Happy St Patricks Day my favourite leprechauns!

What time is it? ADVENTURE TIME!!!! _paigeebug_ happy st Patrick's day #adventuretime #twinsies

If blue was the color associated with St. Patrick then where did the green come from?

happy St. Patricks day everyone is wearing green and is smokin it. #IrsayEra

Happy St Patrick Day! :P

Who wants to do something for St, Patrick's Day?

So deeply disturbing  Happy St. Patrick's Day #ColtsNation!

Happy St. Patrick's day! If you drink enough, you won't even notice the earthquakesyou'll just think you're really drunk! ;)

Wait, it's st Patricks day why aren't we turning up?

it is our celebration of the patron saint of Ireland, St. Patrick. the way the Irish celebrate is by dancing, eating and drinking

Arby's has the potential to be a great mid-St. Patrick's Day stabilizer or a horrible life choice.

Guinness beer drops sponsorship of New York City St. Patrick's Day Parade over anti-LGBT policy: GLAAD, the na

I no mate it's a fucking joke, fuck st Patrick's day!!

puts paws over mouth mumbles its Paddy's day or St Patrick's day not patty never patty keeps paw over mouth

Check out St. Patrick's Day themed kitten room on the live kitten cam!   (the bw kitten is too cute!)

Lettuce be green on St. Patrick's Day! Don't just wear green, eat your greens too! :)

Who gone hoop in the St.Patrick's day Jerseys?

Aki Japanese Cuisine  Asian Fusion tonight to celebrate St. Patrick's Day!

join us at 5,6 and 10 as Joe Biega tracks down the true meaning behind St. Patrick's Day.

You're actually supposed to wear blue on St. Patricks, not green.

Happy St. Patricks day! Please, all tourists + kids = don't puke outside my door tonight.

Having a full on Irish day for St Patricks day, got irish beer n everything :D

I forgot to wear green! Oh well, at lest my eyes are green. Happy st Patrick's day!:)

People today completely de-value St. Patricks day. It's disgraceful that society abuses a national holiday just for the excuse to drink

Monday afternoon. I hope anyway has a good week and Happy St. Patrick's Day!! #HappyMonday #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's day Quad!:)

Great ideas for St. Patrick's Day crafts

It's St. Patrick day right ?

Happy St. Patrick's Day. Don't smoke to much green.

Once againHappy St. Patrick's Day! (Not my car BTW)

Irish-Americans put a lot more effort in to St. Patrick's Day than actual Irish people

happy St Patrick's Day Lindsay :) have an awesome day

Here is my green!! I'm not Irish bt..I can wish ya all a Happy St. Patrick's Day!!

#StPatricksDay is the only day I don't sport something green - I think it's pretty clear why

Gordon: Patrick Roy returns to Montreal as a purveyor of positive thinking: Colorado Avalanche coach approachi

The shmell o joss shticks is comin from the brother's room above in the digs. Happy St Patrick's Day to all says he.

Being bad chips and Guinness for St Patrick  Fish and Chips)

Happy St. Patrick's Day from all us at the Hudson Valley Agency!

St. Patrick's Day Milky Way Shamrock Pretzel Treats from #EatMoreBites  #SoFab #shop

why does the script fandom think bc its st patricks day its a fucking day where we should celebrate the script ??? just bc they're irish ???

I swear English people make a bigger deal out of St Patricks day than St George's day. ITS WRONG OKAY.

Dedicating my 8484th tweet to for having over 10,000 Twitch followers! Much 3! And happy St. Patrick's Day!  :D

Dope green vintage Cadillac picture. Happy St. PATRICK'S DAY!!!.

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Good Neighbor Center!

Patrick is so cute, I just want to pinch his cheeks like a 70 year old woman.

Yup, a regular St Patrick's Day expert is our Ian, lol

It's weird cos St. Patricks day is a massive thing in Ireland but in England nobody gives a fuck when it's St. George's day

St. Patrick's Day Fish Cakes: potato, cod  halibut, fresh herbs, rolled oats, bernaise sauce  #HalfpriceOysters

I should be more clear: it would have flown on every St. Patrick's Day because it flew every day.

Boy everytime Robin leaves Patrick goes crazy,smdh.   #GH

Road trippin' Missouri while listening to classic country on St. Patrick's Day, I've experienced a few of life's niches today.

The world went green today!How was your St. Patrick's day?

Happy Saint Patrick's Day from Marlene Weber! Remember our off peak services available Monday through Wednesday.

Celebrate St. Patrick's Day at #spagco with $3 Green Beer  $3 Guinness!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Remaining classes for today:5pm-Teen Contemporary6pm-Zumba7pm - Adult Tap 1#dance

' Happy St. Patrick's Day  Happy St Patrick's day fams

Hi julie :) i have a cold. how are you? Happy St Patrick's Day

Thank you for the newest #sooke following. Hope you are having a great #St.Patrick's Day today in the beautiful sun! ~R

Happy St. Patrick's Day From Ripple Yoga #constantcontact

its st. Patrick not patty or paddy PATRICK!

- This girl just tried to pinch me cause I'm not wearing green. .biiiiitch swerve. Im black. Idgaf about St. Patrick's Day.

Who's ready for a St. Patrick's Day party this afternoon? A beer garden  a bagpiper? Let's celebrate. #elsegundo #StPatricksDay

10hr shift on paddys day, something seriously wrong about this. Would be a mortal sin not to have a few pints of stout. #StPatricksDay

Guarantee 70% of these people don't even know what they're celebrating and who Saint Patrick was

Right now I want Patrick to sleep with anyone but Robin! Forget Robin! #GH

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  See you tonight at the Red Lion Pub.

best accents EVER! happy St. Patrick's day!!!

Happy St. Paddy's Day! Be safe out there ;) #StPatricksDay

Is it only me that doesn't really care about St.Patrick's Day?

green is overrated. You wear pink on st patricks day

Happy St Patrick's Day to all of you celebrating!  Just an excuse to drink guinness all day isn't it ;)

Was 100% disappointed there was no special St Patricks day lunch at skl today #notgoodenough

Gays have been banned from marching in the St. Patrick's Day Parade, say organizers Michael Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzmichael.

Last two classes canceled! On St. Patrick's Day!

you no it counts! I'll light up with ya broski! #Happy St Patricks Day #my #niggy

Celebrate St.Patrick's Day in your classroom w/ #storymaps. Explore a geo-genealogy of Irish surnames  #EsriCanadaEd

#StPatricksDay Factoid: Before the there was the Toronto St. Patricks.

AUDIO ALERT: There were strippers at the St. Patrick's Day Parade Saturday?

On this St Patricks day you've got to ask yourself one question:Well, do ya, punk?

I'm celebrating my Irish heritage, not St. Patrick. Sorry not sorry.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Wishing our students luck today as they begin finals! May the Luck of the Buck be with you.

Happy St. Patrick's Day from the Franklin County Quilt Block Tour! Check out this block, owned by the O'Dea

wow. cant believe i actually said that. and i cant even use the st. patrick's day excuse, since it was yesterday

happy st. patrick's day! or as I like to call it: another reminder that my 21st birthday is still a painstaking month and a half away

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Ocean Beach!

It's St Patrick's day and my Irish has left me for Liverpool.. heartbroken haha

Between Marlon Brando and Patrick Stewart, this week has been very informative for you, pop culturally speaking.

Hope your St. Patrick's Day is as fun as walking across this bridge in Ireland!  You might need the luck of the

Happy St. Patrick's Day from the Waldorf Ford Team!  We're open from 9 am till 9 pm!!!

Saint Patrick's Day, March 17, isn't widely celebrated in Italy but several Italian cities hold Irish parties and festivals.

Our annual St. Patrick's Day Bikini Contest begins tonight at 9PM. Don't miss us. Trust us

If I'm not drunk by 5 I'll have failed the basic principles of what St patty's is all about. #lets #fucking #drinkyourgreens #StPatricksDay

St. Patrick was the patron saint of Ireland, who died on March 17th. That's why Irish celebrate it, and when

Yoda says Happy St. Patrick's Day #StarWars

What else for St. Patrick's Day?  Green Pearls---

Happy St. Patrick's Day to you all from IRISH EXPRESS!  We hope you're wearing your green today!

Club Penguin - Happy St. Patrick's Day!:  via

PHOTOS: Sea Isle City's 24th Annual St. Patrick's Day Parade

Everyday st Patricks day cuz I keep that green on me

Happy st Patricks day. Lookin sexy for Ireland

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Potatoes are Irish right?? #twicebakespotatosalad

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! Put the tools down a little early today and enjoy a nice cold one!

Happy St. Patricks Day!!Lets start the week with good wishes and hard work!!

Did a surprisingly decent job on my St Patrick's Day haircut

I hate st Patricks day but was in Dublin for it 2 years ago.. Superb

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all my #Montserrations!

For all those celebrating St. Patricks Day - here is an educational snippet of what alcohol does to your brain!

I would love it if Nik and Ric and Patrick all fight for Elizabeth's love #GH #QueenElizabeththeFabulous

Who was St Parrick ? Some, ahem, historical perspective via

Oh wait. St. Patrick's day that would be crazy anyway.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Today, we let the Irish in all of us out to play. Be safe! And have a great day!

according to it: occupy footprint movement in action. Is it a premature April fool or Happy Sanct Patrick Day?! LOL

Normally im excited to get shitty on St Patricks Day, this year I work and then I just wanna hit the gym afterwards.  #FuckMeRight #GymLife

That's so beautiful picture of u guy's. Have a great St. Patrick's Day to u Christen.

Happy St. Patrick's Day. Be sure to brush your teeth. Take it from Shane MacGowan.

happy st Patricks day my little Irish king.

#bentozy Thousands attend St Patrick's events: Thousands of people attend St Patrick's Day parades acros  #news

St Patricks Day at Lindas Lullaby

My AWESOME Friends I will be Doing a LIVE St. Patrick's Day Broadcast on #younow  I will post the TIME  ROOM a little later! See you there

people on St. Patricks Day be like my underwear is green I swear

What are you getting into on this beautifully rainy St. Patrick's day?

We look forward to our green scenery - Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! COLLEGE NIGHT! FREE Cover with College ID! Get down and here and Party with us!

St. Patricks day is like Valentines day for us people who loves Jameson and bad decisions #cheers

Happy St Patrick's Day!  Do people still get pinched for not wearing green or is that just an automatic trip to HR

#Listowel #Kerry St Patrick's Day Parade and the theme is 'Ireland through the ages.  These are my babies, my family.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Hug someone you love today : )

Happy St.Patrick's Day!Photo:Designs by Brandon~Remembering great 3/17birthday celebrations for mom, with gratitude~

Kate Middleton's St. Patrick's Day Trench Has Us Green With Envy!

HAPPY 30 Days Before the End of Early Bird Registration!!!! Oh, and St. Patrick's too ;)

The Pogues and Guinness! Happy Saint Patrick's Day to everyone!!

Our teacher just said St. Patrick isn't Irishis that true?

Oh it's fine.  Not your fault ~ stupid hackers! Not to worry :) Happy St. Patrick's Day!

I dont care if its St Patricks Day or not..If this bar plays another bag pipe song Im gonna cut my fucking ears off #WhatsWrongWithThisPlace

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! Try to limit alcohol intake - your liver (and entire body) will thank you!

The St. Patricks party has been handed to our flat. The decorations looks great, the guys have made the place look amazing.

Happy St. Patrick's Day!I'm a wee bit Irish, who wants to get lucky?

I'm celebrating purim not ST. Patrick's day

Happy St Patrick's Day!  All is good just been busy with different routes different start times.

We all do realize that it is Saint Patrick's Day, right?

If you're in Athens celebrating St. Patrick's Day, stop by Go Bar at 9 for some comedy.

Happy St Patrick's Day, Twenties!

The general public interviewed on the news thought St. Patrick was a leprechaun.

Happy St. Patricks Day! Dairyland Cowboys and Cowgirls start things off with a little Irish jig from 5pm-8pm,

happy st patricks day from Cork, the shamrock is well and truly dowsed at this stage.

happy st Patricks day to u too my wife tracey love ur hubby andy

Celebrating St. Patrick's Day with Brown Soda Bread and Irish Stew -  #ToYourHealth #LiveVibrant #stpaddysday #irish

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Enjoy our Specialty Rueban Pie  wash it down with a $4.50 Pint of Rogue Irish Lager!

Danny's is OPEN and whippin' up some of your favorite St. Patrick's Day food so come on by and enjoy a

what do you call an Earthquake on St. Patricks Day?

Monday Night Magic!! Playing all my Green decks in the spirit St.patty's. #mtg #StPatricksDay  #green

It's St Patrick's Day. Please could all companies with my email address let me know about a special offer. Oh, you already did.

60 Fun Things  to do with your kids on St. Patricks Day! #Stpattys #kidscraft

Happy St. Patrick's Day Empire 8 fans, coaches, administrators and student-athletes!!

It's St Patrick's Day and the river is green! If you missed it, here's a time lapse video from Saturday.

OPERA   - Celebrate Saint Patrick's Day at the  Sheridan Opera House tonight with Bill (via

The only way to celebrate St. Patrick's Day:

The weather ruined St. Patricks day for me

Happy St. Patrick's Day-May joy and peace surround you, contentment latch your door,  and happiness be with you now and bless you evermore!

Happy St. Patrick's Day from NYSSA! There are 10,000 three-leaf clovers for every four-leaf clover. #FunFact #StPatricksDay

Thousands flock to 52nd annual Jersey City St. Patrick's Day Parade ..#HudsonCounty #NewarkNews

Check out our NEW website layout!  and have a wonderful St. Patrick's Day!

I'm going to celebrate St. Patrick's Day by claiming to have driven all the snakes out of my neighborhood.

Hope you've all enjoyed this sunny St Patricks Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!!! Best day ever!! Why? Cuz its al

Happy St. Patrick's Day! It's always a good time for a Guinness!

Happy St. Patrick's Day from The Fans Podcast. Don't drink too much green beer. #WWE #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day!! And yes, we have #greenbeer!! Join us to celebrate the holiday! Lots of beer specials!! #louisville

Last year I was celebrating St. Patricks Day in New OrleansThis year I am sitting in a desk #cool

Can't wait for #Furman CSBT's event w/ on Wednesday at 6pm in Patrick Lecture Hall  #creationism #creationdebate

FREE CHURROS for you in St Patricks Day!!!Download the new Churromania App for iPhone, iPod and IPad in the

Gutted I'm not going out for St Patricks. First time I've missed this particular occasion in a very long time

lol but for real Liz and Patrick are very pretty together

Wouldn't know it was St. Patrick's Day in the hood, but go downtown nothing but green stuff everywhere

So u wanna see a gnome because today is Saint Patrick's day.

IT was on St Patrickacute;s Day in 1979 that Patrick Joseph Bonner made his debut for Celtic, playing in goal

The Dark History Of Green Food On St. Patrick's Day: Green food may mean party time in America, where S  #plano

#GH is boring 2day. Best parts are Alexis, Liz  Patrick,  Sean (surprisingly, lol)  TJ's mom!

Keeping it green.Happy St. Patrick's Day! #tuttifrutti(Thanks

Add Green to Your Routine for St. Patrick's Day and Beyond

Greetings from our HQ in Dublin, Georgia and a very happy and fun St. Patrick's Day to all of you! Photo:

Daniel put up a great St. Patrick's themed workout at 9R Pelham Rd today!

Happy St. Patrick's Day, everyone! We hope you're rockin' your all green mani today!

Happy St. Patrick's Day. Now let's go drink some green and blessing to all that drink green beer.

Happy st patricks day to you and eleanor, have an amazing day!!

Happy St Patricks Day everybody from Bioque Customer

Happy St. Patrick's Day! What races are you running in to celebrate?

Forgot it was St.Patricks day. Owns a green iPhone #winning

We want to see what you laced up for this Monday St. Patricks Day #sneakerholics

Looking for a St. Patrick's Day party tonight? made this handy St. Paddy party round-up:

Am I closing on St. Patrick's Day? Yes. Bring on the drunks

Wait no that's for all those enjoying St. Patricks day. Oh well

My wee grandson Logan born today St Patricks Day 7lb 3ozs in RVH Belfast

Kiss this today! Happy St. Patrick's Day!!

Currently celebrating St. Patrick's Day by watching relevant History Channel videos  listening to traditional Irish Folk music.

Dan Patrick once called for regular gas tax increases | PolitiFact Texas  via

If this were a true Irish holiday I would not have to work. Happy St Patrick's Day everyone

My pet ant died on St Patricks Day so today's gonna be a tough one #RIPBigMike #HeWasJustTrynnaLiveHisDreams #yolo

Happy Drunk day opps! i mean St. Patrick's Day!

All these dudes walking around with fake St. Patricks's mustaches on. I wish I could wear one. Too bad I'm a grown man and mine's real. #men

Wishing everyone a Happy St. Patrick's Day from everyone at #STAjets! Be sure to wear green to avoid the pinch!

Happy St. Patrick's day! Face fuck a leprechaun today

St. Patrick's Day, or as I prefer to call it, amateur night.

Happy St. Patricks Day to all.  Enjoy it!  Mahalo from #Hawaii

I think I'm the only college student who couldn't care less about st Patrick's day

Dads getting in the spirt of St Patricks(y)

In honor of St. Patrick's Day, we thought we spotlight some of the green character-related items in our current

oh and brendon urie and patrick stump and whoever the lead singer of you me at six is lmao they have v nice vocals

Being part irish i feel i should care more about St Patricks day but I really don't.

St. Patrick's DayThe day everyone magically turns Irish lol

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Carmel!  Carmel is a sweet two year old medium sized mixed breed who needs some Irish

Celebrate St. Patrick's Day 2014 w/ Weight Loss  Detox Green Smoothie Recipe  #green #recipe #StPatricksDay

8 activities  meal ideas to make your kids smile on St. Patrick's Day:

you too my friend!!!! Enjoy your Saint Patrick's night.#stadefrancais#saintsorlin#10piges

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Free and cheap stuff to do this Monday, read on:  via

On behalf of all the Divine Canines, Liam (Colleen Harvey) reminds everyone to think green for Saint Patrick's

awesome St. Patricks day with Spongeworthy!

St. Patrick's Day Fun Fact:The very first St. Patrick's Day parade was not in Ireland. It was in Boston in 1737.

Don't miss out on #Traeger's St. Patrick's Day #sale! #Save 20% on all Traeger accessories. Click here to buy.

Mmm enjoy a bowl of Lamb  Guinness Stew. And the soup is a Potato Leek Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Don't forget my FREE Chat Event 4:30PM PST on

Its national Kiss a Rugby Player Day. #StPatricksDay  #rugbysbetter #dontworryistartedearly

Spent my st.patrick's with the mr at the food market picking up the sweetest treats.

happy s.patrick's day insta juss finish makin a youtube video gittin ready 2 upload it

National Pancake day- perfectly fine to enjoy. St. Patricks day- unacceptable holiday for fun. Loosen up peeps.

St Patricks Day - you think I should paint my scooter green ? nah, not for just one day let's stick with green

Happy St. Patrick's Day! :: by Anita --

Happy St. Patrick's Day from all of us at Empire Realty!

Happy St. Patrick's day to our followers! Enjoy quality, green research from Emerald #EmeraldIreland

#PLAYBOYTV St. Patricks Day Style!theandrealowell's photo #getlucky #kissmeimirish #katmovements

Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, goes green for St. Patricks Day  *NOT #Anonymous News.

screw Patrick and his life insurance! Can you play me some Weezer?

Super LIVE BAND - THE SMOKY ROOMS, Then Dj CON PHILIPS on the Decks to Finish Off an Unbelievable St Patricks Weekend Festival !! #decent

i wore green today not even knowing it was st.patricks day wow go me!

I got green socks on but I don't give no fucks bout Saint Patrick day

Anyone got a photo of a green car for St. Patrick's Day? Anyone who posts it here will receive the secret recipe

HAPPY ST PATRICKS DAY TO ALL MY IRISH HERRITAGE PEOPLE

Happy St Patricks day, have a hot red head

Cleveland celebrates St. Patrick's Day; boy shot in Garfield Heights dies; Stow woman's body found: Northeast

How fitting that Disney Channel is playing Luck of the Irish on St. Patrick's Day.

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!  Going green?

Don't let the rain get you down Happy St Patrick's Day Today at #PaddywagonTampa Andrea will be happy to serve

Happy St. Patrick's Day! March is also #SocialWorkersMonth. Celebrate these front line heroes with a #donation

Christmas songs sung by are still good on St. Patricks Day confirmed

Dear Saint Patrick, your disciples are a bit loud  sort of obnoxious. Just sayin' #StPatricksDay

All the best parade photos from St Patrick's Day, Dublin, Ireland.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Corned Beef and Cabbage for lunch! $9.95. So delish!

Happy St. Pattys Day check out adaptive clothing solutions and    1-800-422-2348 #Irish #StPatricksDay #stpattys

Great Service and a sweet ride Thanks MW Wholesalers..Patrick

Let's all thank for reminding us about this great moment on St Patrick's Day

Thousands expected to hit #DTLA for St. Patrick's Day parade at Pershing Square

Iowa Beverage representing well at the Downtown St. Patrick's Day Parade!

Let's celebrate St Patrick's day with some traditional Jewish Surf music! Wheeeee!

Listen Kesha whit this bitches happy San Patrick day

Patrick sharp #namethatpatrick3 I GOT EVERY ANSWER RIGHT CAN I JUST WIN

Happy St. Patrick's day Enjoy your day and good luck ^^

I'd say it's not traditional Irish breakfast but it's my kids traditional St. Patrick's Day breakfast.

Happy St. Patrick's from my Irish side, and happy 18th to Raf

Happy St.Patricks day :) #StPatricksDay knows why

HOW IS UOUR ST.PATRICKS DAY BABE

Happy St. Patrick's Day all. XD

Wishing I could have a green beer just so I can celebrate Saint Patrick's Day the right way! #StPatricksDay #greenbeer

Happy St. Patrick's Day from the entire AAIM Team!

Happy St. Patrick's Day from me and my Loki-inspired shoes.

how was your first day mate #StPatricksDay

St.patrick day allianz arena go green

You wearing green for St.Patricks day.I'm inhaling mine

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Come to Koa's Seaside Grill for a breakfast of Green Eggs and Corn Beef Hash.

Happy St. Patrick's from everyone at CSI: The Experience. #StPatricksDay #CSI #vegas

the pinches of St.Patricks used to be so serious

Whatever St. Patricks Day shenanigans you plan on getting into today, remember to be safe and look out for one another! 3 #plattsburgh

can u give me a pot of gold for S.Patricks??? ooooh right you're not a leprechaun,but you could reply me at least? i love u

We will try!!  Thanks so much for listening!  Happy St. Patrick's Day!! (DO)

today i'm celebrating my 2nd st.patrick's day that doesn't include going into midtown for work or school. #win

wtf its just march 17th bc its not st patricks day

St Patricks day is the anniversary of his death anyway so my all black everything is far more appropriate than you classless idiots in green

Did you remember your green? Happy St. Patricks Day!

Beff's with the mama on St. Patrick's day

Beautiful Lori  the Handsome Clinton Kelly!!! Awesome show today!!! Happy St. Patrick 's day to all.

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Ms. Nicole Connor's Kindergarten class at Roosevelt Elementary!

We smoke green on St. Patrick's Day Not wear it

Heck, for all my Irish heritage I forgot to say Happy St. Patrick's Day to #TeamRichman  Adam! Must have a pint or two in penance ;)

Lovely steak and Guinness pie for tea tonight :) happy St. Patrick's Day everyone :)

Celebrating St. Patrick's Day with a potluck lunch! May the luck of the Irish be with you today!

Happy St Patrick's Day  thanks 4 the follow Ashley and Cory  I look forward to your tweets, cheers to you both!!!

mashable: Don Draper has a few tips on staying classy on St. Patrick's Day

St Patricks day AND gchat is down? Someone hit me with a brick and wake me up when life is better

There is a special place in Hell for profs that schedule an exam the day after St. Patrick's Day. I'm turnt up for studying today.

Hi Lana ;) Hope you're having a good day! Happy St Patrick's Day!  #stpatricksday #Rusevlegacy #WWE #RAWSanAntonio

lol. No Spencer. Talking about the Guinness I'm now drinking !!! #Happy St Patricks Day

Happy Saint Patrick's to friends, clients and colleagues at home and overseas!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Try something GREEN today, how about a LAU LAU  KALUA PIG combo!

White people take St. Patricks day a little too seriously

So what if I day drank while at work. Its what St. Patrick would have wanted.

I love that Saint Patrick's Day's thing on tumblr

Happy st Patricks day everyone! If you aren't wearing green I may pinch your butt.. Just sayin

Saint Patrick's day every day.

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!!! What's your favorite GREEN food?! Comment below for a chance to win an invitation to

Since it is St Patricks Day lets talk about Ireland and the scenic green .  #stpatricksday #ireland

First year in 3 years that im not going to butte for st.patricks day drunken adventures will be missed

Why is St. Patrick so impressive?

St Patricks day is just everybody pre-gaming for my birthday! #iwish #inmydreams

Is Harry Potter fighting the basilisk an allegory for St Patrick banishing the snakes from Ireland?Probably not. But this is damn good weed.

HAPPY St. Patricks DAY from #riolounge team Each and #thursday Enjoy

Who the fuck makes a micro exam on St. Patrick's day, oh wait my professor does

Everyone is IRISH on St. Patrick's Day!!  Come celebrate our favorite holiday with us tonight.  Music starts at 5

Happy St. Patrick's Day!It's really hard to take a good picture of your horse when he's trying to steal your drink.

Happy St. Patricks day! Come celebrate with a beer with #BigBottleMonday !

pulls at me heart strings: St Patrick's Day 2014 #IrelandInspires:  via

Looks like you had fun. Glad you are back safely. Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Will you wear green? :)

LMAO thanks ''Should change St Patricks Day to Danika Patricks Day BECAUSE this holiday DRIVES me crazy!''

To all my Irish friends, and those that will they were Irish.  Happy and Blessed St. Patricks Day.  Tiocfaidh Ar La.

Happy St. Patrick's day now let's get hammered!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! We apologize for not having our intended Irish special today. We are short on prep peeps

I don't understand why English people would wish other English people happy St Patricks day but totally ignore

Happy St. Patrick's Day from eBay Government Relations!

Happy St.Patricks day.  Shaun the Sheep - River Dance (OFFICIAL VIDEO):

St. Patricks day, the day I return to school and people wear the green!

I have developed this affinity with Patrick Stump. He's beautiful. The guy's a genius. I love him.

St. Patricks's Day  The Urbanist Case for Rowdy-Ass Bars  via

I feel like st. Patricks day is only a holiday for those of the legal drinking age or those who are actually irish

I didn't know today was St. Patricks day until my dad pointed out that I was wearing an olive green skirt

St. Patrick's day was created by Americans.. so there's that.

Alex and his lil bro Gustaf back then Obviously they're celebrating St Patrick's Day in Sweden too,

Out of 26 people, only one person brought something to the St. Patrick's Day potluck at work.

Found out today that #MA4 is the 5th most Irish district in US. Wishing all - Irish or just Irish for the day - a happy #StPatricksDay!

I'm at Snow Patrick's Day 2014 (Springfield, VA) w/ 4 others

Happy St. Patrick's Day to our Irish friends! I hope you've had the luckiest of days, and have practised some real yoga as well as our

Asking Alexandria on St. Patrick's Day? I think yes! #triostrikesagain

I get the point of green St. Patrick's Day jerseys, but red and green is a different holiday

Big Bang, Inflation, Gravitational Waves: What It Means : DNewsA very good St. Patrick's day if your into

Happy St. Patricks Day!  How about some Green beauty tips for all our beauties out there!  Check out our

Congratulations Ann McGovern! She was honored at the St. Patrick's Day Parade Committee Annual Dinner Dance on

What better way to celebrate St. Patrick's Day than with celtic-inspired

St. Patricks Day, where everyone is a little bit Irish except of course for the Gungan's and Mon Calamari. #TK42o1

For me, every day is Patty day. For those of you who aren't #blessed to have the namesake of St.Patrick I hope you enjoy YOUR Patty Party :)

In honor of St. Patrick's Day, we decided to have a #Giveaway! Follow and #RTtoWin.

I don't see why the Irish celebrate St. Patrick. All that snake meat would have come in handy during the Potato Famine.

We hope you are enjoying St Patrick's Day! How about this with a nice cup of tea! Go on now!  A!

Happy St. Patricks Shamrock shake day!

It's st Patricks day! Let's get drunk or nah??! #lol

Happy St. Patrick's Day Hot Springs! Stop by and see us at The Porterhouse Steak  Seafood during the parade

A little green for St. Patrick's Day. #masonjars #stpatricksday #green #heritageballjars

It's green beer o' clock somewhere. Here's a playlist of our top  20 drankin' songs for your St. Patrick's Day.

definition of St Patricks Day;a day where everyone on the planet pretends to be Irish and uses this as an excuse to get very drunk.

Happy St. Patrick's Day from the Hand in Paw team!

Happy Saint Patrick's Day everyone! Have a great day and stay safe out there.

It's St. Patricks day so you're drinking Jameson? How cute. I'm drinking fucking Draino and gasoline. #irish

Doing my civic duty. What a way to spend St Patrick's day.

starbucks during saint patricks day - my houses internet id down so right now im at starbucks i tried

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! Come check out this beautiful platinum and emerald ring along with many emeralds this

Happy st. Patrick's day! This ring makes me think of magical Ireland #magic #mushroomring # green #StPatricksDay

St Patrick's Day # Montserrat Nice.

pretty lame holiday.compared to St. Patricks day if you ask me lmfaooooo

Happy St Patrick's Day from the Chris Evans just popped in to see us

Did You Know: #lent restrictions on eating and drinking are lifted on St. Patrick's Day! #celebratesaintpatrick

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Or another reason to drink day (not me though). If you're drinking today (or any day), don't drive.

Happy St. Patrick's Day, try to stay safe and dry if you are celebrating today!

Because why would you not watch The Luck of the Irish on St. Patrick's Day?!

St Patrick's day!  Mahone's w/ 3 others) [pic]:

Shanny says, as I think about my beautiful mother, Patricia Mary Walsh Shanahan on St Patricks day, I will leave you with some of her words

Oh, Kate. We love you! Looking fab in green for the St. Patrick's day parade in Aldershot, England.

Happy St. Patricks day!! Love this holiday, I mean it's not like I went to St. Patricks for 8 years

Nothing says Happy St Patricks day motherfuckers like my Richard,Sherman hoodie ;)

I'm pretty sure most of you are just using st Patricks day as an excuse to post selfies and day drink shamelessly

St. Patrick's Day means you can set out a whole pot of Sour Apple Dum Dums to share (or not).

#StPatricksDay Time to Dance a Little Jig and Enjoy St. Patrick's Day!'Happy St. Patrick's Day' to all from

I'll spend St. Patrick's Day whooping it up in downtown #Barrie at City Hall, where a meeting of council gets underway at 7pm.

On this St. Patrick's Day we've chosen five Irish inspired classical recordings that we think are just great.

Tis the day of the green!  Happy St Patrick's Day!

Thanks to all the young professionals and K-9s who joined us for the St. Patrick's Day parade, we had a blast!!!

To celebrate St. Patrick's Day or not I hate making responsible decisions.. #help

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Cyrus! #MirrorLake

Up for the craic? Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day.  Here's a change to win some cool stuff!

Happy st Patrick day to all from your boy Mr. Marshae from #Detroit to #Rockford #313 #815

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Feel Well Acupuncture!  Wear green, but more importantly eat your greens!

St.  Patrick's Day is today. Out having drinks and have your vehicle with you. Have us get you and your vehicle

I liked a video from  IRISH ST PATRICKS DAY PACKS! 35K SPECIAL PACKS - FIFA 14 90 RATED PULL

Because Happy St. Patrick's Day! Nasa-funded study: industrial civilisation headed for 'irreversible collapse'?

Previously: Fantastic Patrick Star from Squarepants!  #Cosplay #Rule63 #Animation #Kawaii #Costume

A pleasure, have had some amazing St Patrick's days over the years some which have lasted more than a day ;-)

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Did you know that the first St.Patrick's Day parade was held in New York City on March 17, 1762.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Read the real story for yourself.

I'm posting a St. Patricks day selfie today on Instagram be ready Sasha Sean and Chrissy

Monday Edition - Happy St. Patrick's Day, be safe and best of luck with your brackets!

A glass of wine for St Patricks Day sitting beside the fire-this time last year I was in sunny Vegas walking the streets drinking beer! :-(

Was with him last year!:)Happy St Patrick's day! #mcm

I saw on Facebook that today is when St. Patrick drove all the snakes out of Ireland and onto plane.

Hi Harold! How are you? Can you follow me Please?? Ps. Happy st. Patricks day 3

Please intro yourself and share what you plan to do to celebrate St. Patrick's Day.  I will be boring and go for a walk. :) #contentchat

Happy St. Patricks Day.  Today everybody is Irish ;)

Just like to take a moment  wish everyone a Happy St. Patrick's Day. Have fun, but be responsible. And if you

Looking for a way to celebrate St. Patrick's Day today in Astoria and LIC? We've got you covered.

What better place to spend St. Patrick's Day then at the GREEN Room for Tonight's the night so come on down starting at 8pm!

Your typical st. Patricks day! Let's see who wants my pot of gold

It's St. Patrick's Day! What do you know about today? Comment here!

It's funny people use today as cause to get drunk when it was a religious holiday commemorating St. Patrick bringing Christianity to Ireland

Today is Saint Patrick's Day! Guess what is the color of the Day at the French Academy ?

It's St.Patricks day! Going green? Here's our Happy Herbivore Abroad book review!

St Patricks Day in UNDOF Syria  via

It has come to our attention that a lot of you guys keep getting drunk while playing the St. Patricks day category. Please play responsibly.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Loving the green accessories today!

Happy REAL St. Patrick's Day!!! We doin it tonight with !!!!!!! LIVE!!!

Celebrate St. Patricks Day in style with our mini m8 bracelet in yellow gold and tsavorite #madstone

$10bratsHH beer, all day Happy Hour, AND it's St. Patrick's Day?? What a Monday. Swags  green things starts at 3!

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY! Save 15% site wide with code: LUCKY15

Celebrating St Patricks day by bombing Thatcher

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Kristy and Reese wish you a great day.

It's St. Patrick's Day and I don't care that it's a school night

Wishing all worldwide a Happy St Patrick's Day from Northern Ireland

I would like to get unbelievably drunk tonight, not cos it's St. Patricks day but cos I like getting trolleyed.

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Dr. Feintuch!

I will never understand St. Patrick's Day.

guess who will NOT be drinking on St. Patricks Day..

In honor Saint Patrick's Day here is our favorite green bikini, perfect for upcoming summer months :-) If you are

Guess where the world's first St. Patrick's Day Parade was held? NYC in 1762.

Black and White, because it's not safe to be a ginger on St. Patricks day!

ST. PATRICK'S SLAY: unattended teen drowns in green beer vat, comes back to kill all revelers every March 17th.

happy St.Patricks day liz have a great one :)

Happy St. Patrick's day to all my Irish followers (if I have any). If you're not Irish, stop pretending to be.

NBA GAME TIMEST. PATRICK'S DAY

since its st. Patrick's day maybe I will be lucky enough to have you tweet me or follow me!!

St Patrick's Day party! Music 4-9!  Brewer's Tavern)

My drink of choice on St. Patrick's Day! #StPatricksDay #ShamrockShake

#HappyStPatricksDay! Here's a watercolor by James Duncan depicting the St. Patrick's day parade in Montreal in 1825

Looked Very good on bbc . Happy st patricks day pal :)

Thanks to and for the RTs. Happy St. Patrick's Day! May the luck of the Irish be with you.

Does that mean St Patrick is fictional?

Photo: Happy St.Patrick Day. A Few of One Seven Six members out here.  #Bronx

It's St. Patrick's Day EVERYWHERE!

Currently Trending: St Patrick's Day, Earthquake Today, L'wren Scott,   on Google Search.

I wear my green every day! Love and miss you your always in my heart and on my mind! #StPatricksDay

Hoping I won a free pair signed by Patrick ewing #HappyStPatricksDay

Happy St Patricks Day lovers. Hope your day is going well. I woke up having a tummy ache lol I dunno what I ate but meh tummy don't like it

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Dr. Krevitz!

You know its St. Patrick's Day when everyone wears green, and the #Bones episode is about a leprechaun. #HappyStPatricksDay

Ik vind een leuk:  St. Patrick's Day w/ Rhett and Link

Me. Eish don't tell me about st. Patrick's day etc. I have No clue what tha is and I don't wanna know at this moment*walks away*

New look: Saint Patrick's Day.

Can't decide whether to wear blue or green at the mavs celtics game tonight. Kind of a confusing dilemma considering its St. Patricks day

Happy st.Patrick's day Nialler!! :** :)) Have a fun! :* :)

That awkward moment when you forget to wear green for Saint Patrick's Day.

Nice lil kick to it. Hoppy St Patricks day - Drinking a Chillwave Double IPA Jim's Wine Department -  #photo

Having a #lachouffe at #eetcafelangeboom in #tilburg Happy St. Patrick's Day (La Chouffe)  #photo

Have a wonderful, safe and amazing  Saint Patrick's Day!

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! Here's some interesting Irish facts

Head on over for a Great St. Patrick's Day lunch!

Asking everyone wearing green if they are even Irish cuz my name's Patrick and I'm a dick #DoYouEvenIrishBro

Everyone can pretend to be Irish on St. Patricks day, we all pretend to be good at Christmas. #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day to you too babe, HAVE FUN GETTING DRUNK #TURNUP

Take advantage of today! Time to drink green beer and sing my voice away. To one and all, happy St.Patricks day!

You can still WIN with AFSTHETiX!  Happy St. Patrick's Day!

St. Paddy's Day selfie.  Have a happy St. Patrick's Day!  #nopinchesforme

The Moen Group would like to wish you a happy and safe St. Patrick's Day!

hey you im still angry last st patricks day you did not wear green i saw you yuo shit head fucker disrespectful moron i pinch you this day

KTLA Anchors dive under the news desk during St Patrick's Day earthquake

Good morning and happy St. Patrick's Day, everyone! At this point, this campaign has raised $443,

this explains why Patrick Star is so dumb

Happy St.Patrick's Day! How bout some green veggies?

This is the first year I am still sober before 4:00 on St. Patricks Day. So ready to clock out!

Pot o' gold? We'd rather have a pot o' kung pao shrimp. Happy St. Patrick's Day, everyone! #SF

Ready to celebrate St. Patrick's Day with friends in a green dresslots of Guinness! Cheers to Celebrate your Irish roots.

Have you enjoyed some of the St. Patrick's Day Celebration Indianapolis today? CityMom families loved Friday's

Happy St.Patrick's day everyone :) ppl of LA i hope everyone ok #LAearthquake #StPatricksDay

In the ilk of New Years Eve and Valentine's Day, Garry Marshall should write a movie about #StPatricksDay.

St. Patrick's Food and Beverage specials starting at 4pm, swing by!

Happy St. Patricks Day! It would have been the perfect time to introduce a leprechaun in the series!

The FA have blocked Hull City owner from trading the clubs heritage for Tiger cuddly toys,..Easter, Happy St Patricks Day, Guinness.

A good percentage of the people I see returning to penn station from the st patrick day parade are angry drunk,

That earthquake this St. Patrick's day shook both me and Harry and Lloyd. Good gracious.

In my bed, looking over chemistry notes and waiting for an itv1 drama to come on. This is not the wild St Patrick's night I had anticipated.

Casual reminder the The Sam Jam will not be broadcasting due to special St. Patrick's Day programing.

Ready to watch tonight. No Cover, 9pm Drag Race Music Videos after Happy Saint Patrick's Day!

We reckon this is the best St Patrick's Day photo this year!

Happy Saint Patrick day. How are you?

First day of work, get handed beers in honor of St Patrick. Good day at the office.

Happy St Patrick's Day from the Association !  One month until the next meeting.

Drafted fantasy baseball. These guys I have but never seen play: Jedd Gyorko, Brandon Moss, Kyle Seager, Nate Jones, Patrick Corbin.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Do our Bronze Cross shirts make you green with envy? Get one at

It's ST Patricks day! WHY AM I NOT DAY DRINKING??

If I have to work on St Patrick's Day, we should be able to listen to the Dropkick Murphy's Pandora station all day long.

Town is full of Goddam savages! :) Happy Paddy's day! I think I posted something similar last year #templebar #StPatricksDay #carefulnow

A short vlog I did wishing everyone a happy St. Patrick's Day! Enjoy!Happy St. Patrick's Day 2014!:  via

Oh great! I never hear that in Ireland happy. St Patricks Day. Thanks!

St Patrick's Day parade, downtown Indy!

Lol R (847): We're keeping you on a leash this Saint Patrick's Day

St Patrick not Irish, our day will come!

I just realized today is St.Patricks day.

RT if you're spending St. Patrick's Day evening watching your favorite alcohol-loving people on #HIMYM!

reading LO on St. Patrick's day seems fitting..oh Patrick.

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Mercer Carpet One Floor  Home - Carroll  Howard Counties!

Happy St. Patrick's day everyone. And a happy anniversary to my parents. Hope it's a good one.

St. Patrick's Day: when everyone tries to pretend that Irish cuisine actually has flavor.

this is the next one. Then two all ages shows at Patricks Cabaret in Minneapolis April 18  19

Happy St. Patrick's Day to everyone! Hope you have a happy and safe holiday. Remember: Never drink and drive.

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all! Thank you for your business. Thank you for your Trust!!

Celebrating St. Patrick's Day the best way I know how Creating Windows VMs to test IE 6 - IE 11. This calls for heavy drinking later.

Hope everyone is having a wonderful St Patricks Day! :)

Check out some of the great shots taken by York Daily Record/Sunday News for Saturday's York Saint Patrick's Day

How aren't Irish people offended by St. Patrick's Day? Imagine if we perpetuated stereotypes like this on other days

Looking for sth fun for the St Patrick's Day? Chocolate Club is having the Luck of Irish and chocolate at Brown Lab 101 at 7pm! It's FREE!

Happy st patricks day anipals! #puglove

Happy St.Patrick's Day! This is about the greenest thing I own. :-)

Drinking at the office middle of the day. Happy #StPatricksDay

OK. I'll play along. Happy St. Patrick's Day.

#stpats My cat is called Ulysses Patrick Flynn O'Flathertie Wilde, Paddy-Uly for short.

Happy #StPatricksDay To All! And may luck find you and follow you all of the day.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Don't let the wind blow you away!

Garden Tip of the Day: #StPatricksDay is traditional day to plant peas - soak peas 2-3 days to start germination

' Cause Its St. Patricks Day  I  Aint Have On  Green

St. Patrick's Day - If I have any worth, it is to live my life for God so as to teach these peoples, even though some still look down on me.

don't drink from your shoe today. . Happy St. Patrick's day! Good luck in the playoffs.

Happy St. Patrick's Day to my Irish Family :) miss you!! 3

billy and patrick almost showed mrs lopez my twitter omfg

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Be sure to both wear and save some green today! #KnowYourMoney

Happy St Patricks Day!! Here are a few fun facts that you may not know about this fun holiday!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Pouring green beer  serving festive plates all day

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! Would you dare wear a green #wedding dress?

Top of the day to all our the Lads and Lassys on this fine St. Patricks Day from the Harmonizers!Stop by and get

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Chicago!! Kisses

Not gonna lie the Red Sox and Cardinals uniforms for St. Patrick's Day are pretty awesome

Hope my next school don't have St.Patrick's Day in final week. #QuarterSchoolProbs

Looking beautiful in green#The Talk#Happy St Patrick's Day

Great shirt to celebrate St. Patrick's Day, Danielle! See ya real soon for the #APEvent!

How are you spending you St. Patricks day?

St Patrick's Day Featured Food SpecialsServing from 11 until CLOSE at 7pm while supplies last.  Come by or call

St Patrick's Day: Famous Irish Literary Characters - Im With Geek

X HAPPY PATRICK DAY  X

Hey pals! Love the aestethic of Ku. You should have set a discount today for St.Patrick's Day! :) Good luck on Steam.

I'm the st Patricks days lorax

Happy St. Patricks day from everyone at 2GINGERS!!

It's St. Patrick's day, which reminds me of Ireland, so here's a picture of a boat I saw while in Dublin.

What do you mean? St Patrick's Day is today and I don't want to fight. *drinks more Irish beer*

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Feast your eyes on these adorable Dominion Derby Spawn photos from the Ocean View Annual

In honor of Saint Patrick's Day I'm drinking green tea.

A huge Happy St Patrick's day to everyone. This global event that brings people and communities together over a

KTLA St Patricks Day Earthquake! Scary, yet this news guys handling of the situation kinda made me laugh

Its a Dropkick Murphys kinda day #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Celebrate with green beer and a party in the street!

And a very Happy St. Patrick's Day from the Muppets:

My luck on St. Patrick's Day..

Damn I wasn't hipp it was St. Patrick day lls

St. Patrick's Day Specials - Brennan's Reuben Burger, O'Malley's Homemade Stew, Sean O'Callaghan's Corned Beef

Can't celebrate St. Patrick's without music.

I don't mind that it's St. Patrick's Day. Especially when that small fellow dances.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Beyond wearing green, what is the biggest task you are committed to complete this week?

Loving this beautiful St. Patrick's Day weather now if only my allergies would go away!!! #green #working #windowsopen #spring #allergies

From the District of Columbia: yesterday was DC's St Patrick's Day parade, and afterward I saw this gentleman in

I can't believe people are still celebrating #StPatricksDay! Its been like 4 days now!

Happy St. Patrick's day to you too :) How are you guys today? :)

Fun with the girls on St Patricks day!! #groupie #stpaddysday #greenfun #hallmark

Can St. Patricks Day be over now. I'm already over the half price hamburgers  I'm not even at work yet

Feeling fucking lucky like the fucking Irish, Happy St Patrick's Day everyone, turn up, but be safe don't drink and drive :)

thing i miss most about not seeing the st patricks day in buffalo is definitely the irish dancing i think its so cool to see

They say wear green on st Patrick day!

The only St. Patrick's Day piece you need:

Happy St. Patrick's Day 5SOSFAM 3

So happy all went well at the show.  Happy St.Patrick's Day - Hello Lady!

Celebrando St. Patrick's Day con #jointhecrowd

Happy St. Patricks Day Niall!! Have fun :) I love you.xx

Happy St. Patrick's, folks - may the road rise up to meet you.  #StPatricksDay

AzPPA distributor members can celebrate this St. Patrick's Day by Saving BIG with over $6000 in valuable coupons

Only Irish song I know and worth singing in public Happy St Patricks Day

with bars that sloppy it's st patricks day

Hope everyone had a great St Patricks day!!xx

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Stellar Dental!

I am so Irish but couldn't care any less about St. Patricks day. It only makes me miss Irish dance.

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Anderson Chiropractic Clinic!

$URBN - For St. Patricks Day, Urban Outfitters Is Selling A Drunken Jesus T-Sh -  #stock #stocks #stockaction

St. Patrick's Day: The day we all become acutely aware of how few green clothing items our wardrobe actually contains

Hi Happy St Patrick's Day x

Remember that disgusting egg sandwich in school they made on St.Patricks day and they dyed the eggs green

St. Patrick spread the Gospel in Ireland back in the 5th century.  Today you can listen to worship songs with an

I remember in elementary school when there was more recess teachers on st. Patrick's day so kids wouldn't pinch each other

MWT Wishes everyone a Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Morning, Happy St. Patrick's Day and a good week ahead ~Deb

Hey remember that one St. Patricks Day when you couldn't get beer because you didn't have ID. #hesIrish

HAPPY SAINT PATRICKS DAY TO YOU TO ELLEN!!

Also, Daniel Patrick Moynihan made the same arguments. Is that Irishman the moral equivalent of Trevelyan, too?

Did you dress up your little ones for St Patrick's Day? Post a picture here on our wall!

Pint of Guinness on saint Patricks day !! Got to be done

We almost forgot.HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY! Have a green beer on us!

In honor of St. Patrick's day, here's me kissing the Blarney Stone.

I added a video to a playlist  St Patricks Temp LOL1123 Return parade 2014

Happy St. Patrick's Day to you. have a great time you both deserve it

Celebrating Saint Patrick's Day tonight! :D bam!

Here's a shot from the homeland. The famine monument in front of  Croagh Patrick in County Mayo. #ireland

Fish  Chips at Kitty O'Sheas in celebration of St. Patrick's Day! Slainte.

Because nothing says Happy St. Patrick's day more than a gun with a shamrock badge on it..

Happy St. Patrick's Day with Irish Doctor Patrick Taylor Irish Country Series

So its St Patrick's Dayhmm..

St Patrick's Day lunch - some things look best in black  white!

Happy st patrick's day! Sun is shining!

St. Patricks so I chug brews and smack chicks

Get in the spirit of St Patricks day with a green room..

Thank you for kicking off the week with a fun green class! Happy St. Patrick's Day! :-)

Imagine if St Patricks day was on saturday, non stop drinking watching the rugby.

[17.03.2014] Facebook: Happy St. Patrick's Day! Print by: Dawn - Tokio Hotel Hysteria Portuga

My school would get Saint Patricks day off ! Haha #Insider

Happy St Patricks Day from your no1 Irish fan ;-) Hope you and all the Arrow team have a great day Xxx

Wishing you a wonderful St. Patrick's Day! Who was at the parade this morning?

Patrick (5) in trouble at school today for fighting. Be lenient on him say I, St P's Day, no Guinness allowed but he can have a scrap eh?

I forgot today was St. Patricks day Ha! Didn't go to school so I didnt get pinched

Silverstars Cheerleaders flying high at the Sligo St. Patrick's Day Parade

Both St. John's' and Halifax's airport have gone #Green for #StPatricksDay. #IrishLikeToHaveFun #ItAintEasyBeingGreen

Happy St Patricks Day to all the Irish. To all those pretending to be Irish, go home #plasticpaddies

Happy St. Patrick's Dayhope ur day is filled with green beer, lucky charms N shamrock shakes!

Happy st Patricks day!! In my country we did'nt have that celebration :/

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY EVERYONE!!! causewellf*ck snakes, esp those creepy swimming ones

10 months ago and today are different times patrick

St Patrick's day is not fun if you work on a bar

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Be sure to release your inner leprechaun with a fancy green hat!

First day ever in work/school on St Patricks Day! Needless to say it was much less eventful and exciting boring England!

Niggas will find any reason to get drunk. Fuck St. Patricks Day

Wearing green for St. Patrick's Day creates difficulty for news anchors!

St Patrick's days reminds me of soph year of HS when I pinched my Spanish teaching for not wearin green and she gave me a demerit #soworthit

way to get into the St. Patrick's Day spirit!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Celebrate at the Land  Sea Restaurant on this St. Patrick's Day. Open 24 Hours.

my mom got me a St. Patrick's Day cupcake from Alpen Rose omg bless her soul

Happy St Patrick's Day!!! Come and check out tire prices!! Lowest tire price in town!!

Happy St Patrick's day!!! Ain't nobody put it on their timeline!! Gawd

Daily distraction video: Pros  cons of St Patrick's Day  #emailmarketing #email marketing

would like to say thank you to for another great day at our Navan store.  Happy St. Patrick's day!

HAPPY SAINT PATRICK'S DAY!!! Eat, drink (water), and be merry.

Give your hair a Holiday!! Happy St. Patrick's Day from everyone at Bastian Hair Salon in #Artesia!  #Sebastian #evo

It's just wrong to have a mid term the day after St. Patricks day

Oh! I got my green pant on.. happy saint patrick's day !!

Happy #StPatricksDay! There's a little leprechaun in all of us on this day! #IrishPride

People at MSU take St Patrick's Day WAY too seriously

#StPatricksDay . Hope you're having a lovely Green day!  If you're out~stop in  see us Tree Antiques!

Happy Saint Patrick's Day!! Lets celebrate all month long with $.99 ice cream cones!  Just show us this tweet for the deal!  Ends April 1st

Did you know it is offensive to most Irish to say St. Patty? Patrick is from Padraig which can be shortened to

In honor of St. Patricks day: For those of you who don't know who this guy is, and you've been seeing a lot of

Bartending Jobs hit me up ASAP also Bartend and Serving positions!  Happy St. Patrick's Day

Happy St. Patricks Day, fellow tiny girls! Let the leprechaun jokes begin.

My St. Patrick's Day celebrations started Friday nightI'm almost done.

AAAAAAANNNNNDDDDDD Happy St. Patrick's Day.

My name is Patrick Ryan I better get free drinks on St. Patricks day

shout out for love the music brothers! 3 happy saint patrick's day and keep up the good work! :3 #SGTC LUV YOU GUYS TO!!

HAPPY St Patrick Day Niall Oh Guess What? Today in school i learned about Ireland and it reminded me of you LOVE YA VERY MUCH

Wait I thought last Thursday was st. patrick's day

We hope you have a great St. Patrick's Day! Head down to Max's to celebrate!St. Patrick's Day Specials!$3.50

Cute. The only day for one of my heritages. Happy Saint Patrick's Day to my fellow Irish.

Happy St. Patricks day people from Ireland!

ANOTHER Brewery Drops Out Of St. Patrick's Day Parade Over Gay Stance - The city

We will be at the Soldotna Chamber of Commerce St. Patrick's Day parade at 4:30pm today. Tickets on sale TODAY

Today all Tweets are green! The side of a railroad car in Baraboo, #Wisconsin. #photography Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Who here is wearing something green today for St Patrick's Day? Come on now - tell us what it is (and remember it has to show :))

Happy St. Patricks Day from the Pride Family!

Now I will forever hate St. Patrick's Day.

Happy St Patrick's Day! They might not be Irish, but the jobs of the future are looking pretty green

Why not come take class before you start your St Patricks Day celebrations tonight. We've got classes at 5:30PM  7:30PM! #Halifax #Bikram

Got an email in work on Friday stating that our Irish offices were closed todaytook a while for me to remember that St Patrick's day..

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Kiss me, I'm Irish! I swear. Just a smudge. Look closely. #priscillaisabelle

Did you know St. Patrick was not born Irish but English!

Oh god it's Saint Patricks day, Southeast is gonna be shut down haha

Happy St. Patricks Day from Hammer Made!This spring, adding a pop of color to your wardrobe is very much the

This #StPatricksDay, we'd like to send a shout out to our 2 fave Patricks, Earl  Midgley, on the road w/ #ASConTour.

Happy St. Patrick's Day from nickii_bbyy  I

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! #IrishPride Stay safe tonight people! and I mean to the true Irish people and college students!

happy St Patrick's day Tony #irishscots

#HappyStPraticksDay on the actual St. Patrick's Day! Let's be Irish and share Guinness, cockatils  #goodtimes

St Patricks day is on a Monday but that doesn't stop mountaineers from drinking

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! Add some green to your potatoes with a #recipe for Potatoes Colcannon  via

Working events on the weekends can be tiring but love getting Mondays off afterwards.  Especially on St. Patricks Day!

Nothing like Celtic music + all the greenery covered in 7 inches of snow to celebrate the luck of the Irish! Happy St. Patrick's Day!

happy St. Patrick Day Marvin x #

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Share the love with your favorites  buy them Taylor Swift's RED! :)

Why is no one wearing green? The St. Patricks day spirit sucks here

#StPatricksDay feels like the right day to honor our countryman Patrik; #captain of #OasisoftheSeas! #rccl #cruise

St. Patrick's Day. The day when those blue urinal cakes make a whole lot more sense!

St Patricks Day grubbin lol #food #fun #us #love brandonbambam

Celebrate St. Patrick's Day with some of favorite red headed musicians!

Happy St. Patrick's Day, from Dexter and Rex!

To celebrate St. Patrick's Day, all these books are proudly wearing green! How are you enjoying it?

Customary viewing of P.S. I Love You since it's St. Patty's Day #Ireland #StPatricksDay #ItFeelsRight

Keep Calm and happy Saint Patricks Day

538 on goaltending, Patrick Roy, and why Gretzky had it easy. This is sports coverage I could like.

Just learned it's St. Paddy, not St. Patty. Patty is short for Patricia, Paddy is short for Patrick. Been saying it wrong all my life.

St. Patrick's day always reminds me of this. Bring the gold.

I feel awkward wearing a green jacket not knowing today was st Patricks day bc people might think I'm really eager or something??

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Bridgetown Dentistry!

The official authority on St. Patrick's day travel:

Patrick Kane with Artwork!!! Thanks. The Brent Seabrook Charity was great.

too bad nothing about st. Patricks day is actually real

Portlaoise Saint Patrick's Day Parade - 2014Photographs by Martleys of Portlaoise

Happy St Patricks day! #chicago #greenriver #suchtourists jbz13

Happy st Patrick's day London! Let's burn this mother down! #toosoon #tastelessjoke #londonon #canadaslondon

lol I know you do but it's St Patricks day!!

Wishing one and all a Very Happy St. Patrick's Day. Enjoy!!!!

I don't see the big deal with saint patrick's day when saint joseph's day and zeppole are in 2 days

St. Patrick's Day 2014 is going strong! See you here soon?

wasn't directed at him but he's a jones if he's genuinely celebrating St Patricks

St. Patrick's Day Special! Enjoy Our Spacious Insulated Shopping #Tote #FREE with any order placed between now

Hope you are celebrating St. Patrick's Day by rocking some Irish Rovers like we use to in your basement Willow Lane style.

Oh, pagans and their hatred of St. Patrick's Day. Can't we all just drink green beer and get along?

Happy St. Patrick's Day! We are celebrating by giving away a FREE $20 Blenz gift card! RT for your chance to win!

My family is going overboard with Saint Patricks today

It's sad that there's no Saint Patrick's Day party in club penguin this year.

How the heck is Patty shory for Patrick.

Not even Leprechaun's are safe!. Happy Saint Patrick's Day!

Happy Saint Patrick's Day!Our offices celebrated this past Thursday with some great food and green beer! With

my mom is most likely going to be waisted by 5 because she's throwing a st. patrick day party fml

Go green this St. Patrick's Day By using active transportation instead of driving  help protect the environment.

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Out of Alba and 99.3 The Drive! They stopped by Doug and Wendy this morning!-Ron P

NEW POST - Happy St. Patricks Day!:): Happy St. Patricks Day!:) everyone.  #PenguinIncorporated

Happy St. patricks Day  Everybody!!!!  Hope Everybody Has A Happy Healthy Safe Patrick's Day

so jealous of people who got to touch pete and patrick:-(

Happy St Patrick's Day from a city that knows how to celebrate! #MenOfStyle #fwmu Goodman

Great #StPatricksDay parade in #Dublin. Pity about the drunken low lives wrecking the day in #TempleBar.

Happy St Patrick's Day.Why not celebrate by helping, adopting, donating time or $ and save a homeless dog. Stop the killing and puppy mills!

St Patricks Day Earthquake on KTLA

What would St. Patrick's Day be without a song from our girl  ?  #HappyStPaddysDay

That's pretty cool. Guess like anyone else, never seen one of these! And it's Green for St. Patrick's Day!!!

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Pet Travel Center!

You too! I think they should make St. Patrick's day a holiday for all schools. :P

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Nedo Shopping Center!

The one day a year when green doesn't mean being environmentally friendly, but it means killing your liver #StPatricksDay

in Russia it is almost finished But thanks:) and happy st Patrick's Day you too!

Glenn Underground-Robots  Bumblebees(A Tribute To Patrick Adams)

Happy St Patricks Day. Stay safe everybody! #StPatricksDay

Happy St Patricks Day! Here is a brief history if you want to know more about St Patrick

I think I need to go make a vegan shepherd's pie for St Patrick's Day since I didn't buy any cabbage.

Didn't know it was st Patricks day.    No green in my closet but if you punch me Ima slap the dog shit out

senior cut day on st patrick's day was the tits.

Enjoy John, and Happy St Patrick's Day! #Ireland #LFC

OH WAIT, I ALMOST FORGOT! HAPPY ST.PATRICKS DAY! 3

St Patricks Day isn't a thing in TX

diggin the profile pic brudda ! Happy st Patrick's day my dood!

St. Patrick's day is weird without fam

Happy St. Patricks day! Loving the that the sun is out.

Photo of the Day: Happy St. Patrick's Day! Loyola students collection donations for muscular dystrophy, 1975

My bro and I turnt!  # St .Patrick's day!

Evening all and happy St Patrick's Day! I've still no pics of new stuff to show so I'd like to reshow this little

Accessible News would like to wish all our Irish followers a Happy St Patricks day.  Hope you are having a great one.

St. Patrick's Day SALE on our Etsy store! Use Coupon Code WHISKEYINTHEJAR to take 20% off everything today only!

Happy St. Patrick's Day :) Hope ur wearing green ahah ;) Enjoy ur day!! Love U!! Biggest Hugs XOXOXO 3

Wishing everybody a Happy Saint Patrick's Day. Serving pots of gold until 6pm!

The first ever printed version (editio princeps) of St Patrick's Confessio and Epi

St. Patricks day needs to be renamed National Red Head Day

Yeah, I heard about that. At least they remember Liz and Patrick are friends.

Veterans, Active Service ride free on St Patrick's Day St 6 train

It's St Patricks Day, best of luck

Happy st patricks. Get drunk safely

Time for some good old saint Patricks day day drinking crossiron ! join us!

Aaaaaand it's St Patricks day which I'm gonna celebrate cos I'm ginger. And celebrating St George's is racist.

Happy  St.  Patrick's day!!  From Joe! Lol

It doesn't even feel like St. Patrick's Day wtf

when i went to ireland we saw where the shortest st. patrick's day parade is and it goes from one pub to the next right across eachother

its saint patricks day. I should be drunk right

I liked a video  The O'Hagan Shillelagh Steppers - St. Patrick's Day 2014

This guy totally made my day! #LentenLights #StPatricksDay

Wishing you all a happy and safe St. Patrick's Day! Remember to NEVER operate under the influence!

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! We hope you remembered to wear green today. #StPatricksDay

I'll be celebrating St Patricks day by wearing a ski mask and blowing up a few British people

St Patricks 2moro. Seared venison w/ red cabbage. See you there! FCoT

Found this, completely not at all fake, Irish moonshine to drink for St. Patricks Day! #StPatricksDay

While the world is getting pissed for Saint Patrick's day, I'll do some yogashanti!

Working retail with an accent on St. Patricks day has made me a novelty #notsoawesome

St Patrick's competition..//t.co/ZndKo9zok9

This St. Patrick's Day I'm exactly 0% Irish.

St Patricks day is just a holiday for Catholics to get blasted. And everybody else.

Happy St. Patrick's Day from your friends in Wildwood!

HAPPY SAINT PATRICK'S DAY! Celebrate with the newest flavor of Jelly Belly!

Happy St Patricks Day people!! Hope your day was nice and green!!

Having breakfast for lunch! Happy st Patricks day!

Well, it is St Patrick's day and it would be rude not to!

St Patricks day aint no fukkin holiday to be celebrating

but it's actually St. Patrick's Day.

Here is a green juice to enjoy on St. Patrick's Day!!

I suppose I'll give an Irish shoutout to my good friend Happy St Patrick's Day man.  Good to have a NORTHERN Irish friend :)

Maria Shriver praises hunky son Patrick Schwarzenegger's 'good looks'  via

Yes Happy St Patricks day to all the wonderful people ! : )

Is it still St Patricks Day? Why is nobody drunk?

I think other countries take st patricks dsy more serious than we do

A few photos from Ireland, Happy St Patrick's day to ya!

Today I learned that you're supposed to pinch people on St. Patrick's Day???????

In honor of St. Patrick's Day and Irish Americans I'm asking to support the #NYDreamAct.

Happy st patricks day everyone u dont have to be irish to be irish

happy St Patricks day ! dont overdo it tonight too much ;)

Happy St Patrick's Day to the best parts of my life, my beautiful Irish girls,

Nine truly tacky things to wear on St Patrick's Day

Happy St. Patrick's Day!Be LUCKY, with HEALTHY TEETH :)

Rupert Murdoch Calls For Irish To Boycott Guinness Amid LGBT Row Over St Patrick's Day Parade  via

Happy St.Patricks Day to all the Irish out there and especially to my favorite one

Happy St Patricks Day to the Irish among us, and to those using it as an excuse to drink on a Monday night.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! We are featuring our own  Kiss me I'm Irish cocktail #HappyStPatricksDay #cheers

And with you, Warrior. Happy St. Patrick's day.

Happy St Patrick's Day to my fellow Irishman. I won't be drinking green beer but perhaps I will have beer in a green bottle. Close enough!

class with patrick , randy , corey  montravius  .

These are old, but now in UHQ one of my fave pics, the green beanie, for St. Patrick's Day

St. Patricks day 2010 was a rough time for us all

Congress  the rest of the Federal Government are completely snookered  shut down this St. Patrick's Day. Incidentally, it also snowed.

MT Blame the Guinness! Happy St. Patrick's Day Music Monday!  #MondayBlogs

It doesn't have to be st. Patricks day to get decked out in all green and take a picture in pat catans right?

Happy St. Patrick's day everyone! May the #luck of the #Irish be with you all!

St. Patrick's Day. Get your Irish on.

Happy St. Patrick's Day - crafts you can do with your kids to celebrate  via #green #activites

This nigga Paul talking about its saint Patricks day  gone pinch the shit outa me . I'm mad

Sausage Biscuit Skillet with Guinness is a flavor packed St. Patrick's Day dinner by |

Happy St.Patrick's day everybody HAVE FUN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :-) :-)

It's St. Patrick's Day.  Read something Irish!

So people don't actually know what St. Patrick's day is about. This makes me pretty sad.

Celebrate St. Patrick's day with today Shows at 3:30 pm, 6 pm, and 10 pm! #StPatricksDay

Damn, I'll try. Does drinking during class for St. Patrick's day count?

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Here is a version of the O'Connor Coat of Arms. This would make a great cover for my new

Happy St. Patricks day from me and kkay054

Happy St.Patrick's Day! Third one;)#outdoors#StPatrickDay

Allianz Arena lights up for St Patrick's day.

I need this jersey fast! Happy St. Patrick's Day! Lol #GreenRunsDeep #Rondo #9

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Don't forget to fill your belly with #macNcheese!!!

I'm not Irish and I don't like Guinness, so St. Patrick's day means absolutely diddly squat to me.

St. Patrick's Day is the worst when you have to work and you see snaps of people drinking green beer and giving none fucks#CorporateLife

Happy St. Patrick's Day #GriffinsNation! Check out the deal we've got for you today.You could even win a signed puck:

NOT ST PATRICK'S MY BDAY!! YUHUUUUU

Listening to from my St Paul office! He sounds good! The St Patricks Day party is heating up! #greenbeer

If you are binge drinking two days before #StPatricksDay, cabs aren't necessary but are a good idea. #TOpoli #FordMoreDrinks

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone. Or, as I call it, Douchebag Christmas.

Happy St Patricks day all. Thanks for a great weekend. Please retweet our favourite St Patricks day customer so far !

x.   Hey  Ellen.  Happy st Patricks day hope you have a great day think your amazing !! Xxxxxxxxxx x

St. Patrick is way cooler than St.Valentine.

Why do people that aren't Irish celebrate st. Patrick's day?

Happy St. Patrick's Day, Ladies  losers! :)

My St. Patrick's Day Spotify playlist is on key right now. So glad I made it. #dropkickmurphys #floggingmolly #Irish #StPatricksDay #Spotify

Who needs #green beer when you can play with green #makeup? Happy Saint Patrick's Day!

Poor Patrick's tears will probably fall into AJ's open wound on the operating table causing the surgery to be botched. #GH

apparently in university the St Patrick Day festivities and drinking begin at 8am. #noonesinclass

Beannachtai Na Feile Padraig Oraibh! (Blessings of St. Patrick upon you) My Irish eyes are smiling, and I hope y

I'm not saying Happy St Patrick's Day because no one wished me Happy St David's Day or St George's Day last year. It's a 2-way street World!

Wondering if should I celebrate St Patricks Day by watching In Bruges or Kurt Russell's birthday by watching Big Trouble In Little China?

Is St. Patrick's Day a plot by Big Liver lobbyists?

Beautiful St. Patrick's Day Flowers #2014 #march #stpatricksday #green #flowers

My birthday on st Patricks day . Never have liked Guiness !!!

Happy Saint Patrick's Day from Killer!!

Cheeky little pint of Guinness for St Patrick's Day shame working tomorrow

let the parade go on, their sexuality has nothing to do with St. Patrick's day

Happy Saint Patricks day! Make sure to celebrate with us by having a beer and some cider! #beer #cider #nyc #bars #StPaddysDay

Drinking green tonight. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Anyway it's my birthday,st.patricks day I'm with the woman I love eating good food drinking plenty of beer. Decent Monday

T0 all my beavtiful people out there in gay face book. Have a great day n st patricks day. We r gay n damn beautiful in the gods v

St. Patrick's Day: where everyone wants to be Irish. I love Irish people and even though I am not Irish, I certainly drink like one 3

Such weather on Saint Patrick's Day in Moscow #Moscow #SaintPatrick'sDay #17.03,2014

Happy St. Patrick's Day!! Remember the leprechauns won't pinch you if you are standing on green carpets!!

No, It's St. Patrick's Day! lolol

St Patrick's day is about celebrating our NATIONAL saint, unlike what some people think its not glorifying the

So I'm 12.5% Irish. HAPPY ST PATRICKS DAY TO ME. bah humbug

In loving  laughter filled memory of my Italian grandmother born in Italy on this St. Patrick's Day. Mary Patrzia

No one is remembering that today is St. Patrick's Day

People celebrating #StPatricksDay, when its St.George's day, no one goes on about it no where near as much

I better not see that bitch on st Patrick's day we might get rowdy beat up the whole family

Happy St. Patrick's day. Good day by Julia Jeff

Happy St. Patrick's Day! I hope everyone has a chance to celebrate responsibly.

Happy Saint Patrick's Day O'Brady's

Happy St. Patrick's Day from all of us here at Hondros College of Business! #HappyStPatricksDay

Evening all, hope your having a good at Patricks evening - why not continue it with the rock show live from 8

St. Patrick fled from slavery Happy St. Patrick's Day  thanks to all who are brave in exposing modern oppression. #stophumantrafficking

Green beer selfie + a cape = St. Patricks in Summit County with and #SB14

I wouldn't even have known it was St. Patricks day, nor cared, if I didn't see it on twitter.

and not even because it's st patricks day I'm just exhausted

Ain't celebrating St. Patrick's day a day before it happens just because it doesn't go with your schedule.

Happy st patrick's day have a good 1 :)

Happy St. Patrick's Day, everyone! Do you celebrate?

The end of our St. Patricks day  rainbow scavenger hunt #streamers #potofgold

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Very excited to have European gold medalist  Celebrity Master chef winner on #lunchlive tomorrow

Happy St. Patricks Day!!! Stop by and check out this Green+Gold St. Patricks Day Styles Shoot. {Link in the

It is March 17 - St. Patricks Day - or - as we at The Conway Muse like to say - official warm up for Battlefield

BRRRRa chilly St. Patrick's Day across the area, but warmer temps are on the way very soon !  #tristatewx

Happy (Safe) St. Paddy's Day from  #stpatricksday Mickey-Style in #HellonWheels #westerns

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Come in for a green cocktail tonight! Plus our $40 Dinner for 2! Dinner for Two:2

Happy St Patrick,s day JJ,100% Scottish here but i will always favourite you no matter what.,3

A St. Patrick's Day Hangover-Prevention Smoothie That Tastes Like Ice Cream

dtfl it is st Patricks day so my shits are green ( FEED MEEE MOREEE) fuck the Irish just be icy

It's Patrick you fat fuck

yet the flag of St.Patrick is very different from a tricolour

Today is St. Patrick's Day. Tomorrow is Green Shits Day.

ironically put on a green shirt not realizing it's St.Patrick's Day. does anyone actually celebrate? plz

#confession St. Patricks day was my favorite holiday from ages 8 to 12. #HappyStPatricksDay

There don't exist enough fucks in the world for me to not give about St. Patrick's Day.

Happy St Patrick's Day from #green footed #leprechaun David and his #Seggiano team! #StPatricksDay

Happy St Patricks Day to sis

Imma #Geeker in a fresh pair of sneakers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Happy St. Patricks Day!!!

Wondering where to celebrate St. Patrick's Day in #Indy? Check out our newest Twitter List:  #StPaddysDay

Happy Saint Patrick's day to ya! Stop by today at 5pm and get a pint Why sit in traffic just stop by get a

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!  Come try our Annual Green River Ice Cream Float Cocktail Tonight.

Happy St. Patrick's Day from all of us at Fogg's Automotive!

Happy St.Patricks day! Just back from the pub!!!!!! Love Ireland!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1

Happy Saint Patrick's Day!                Have fun my friends!!!)):

The scottish wear orange on st patricks day. So if any you micks pinch me I'm gonna throw you like a log. #scottishpride

A little Irish Blessing for you this St. Patrick's Day!May you have length with your days,and strength with

Happy st.patricks niall love you 3

Happy St. Patrick's Day Wishes From DrBuzzie's #Cute Fur Babies Peanut, Popcorn  Zuzu! 3

I didn't even remember it was St. Patrick's Day and still wore green because I am a natural leprechaun.

Happy birthday Grandad :) and Happy St. Patrick's day Agnes :)

5 Reasons Buying Beer on St. Patrick's Day Is Dumb: St. Patrick's Day is a great day for parades and celebrati

Perfect lunch for St. Patricks Day full of green goodness. Thanks to juice buddy for the sweet

Because Nothing says St. Patrick's Day than a Queen marathon on Centric #AlexHaleysQueen #tvtag

Because you asked for it: a summary of our St. Patrick's day celebration with my Irish dance included

2 years ago today :DHappy St Patrick's day everyone!! #Vote1DUK #KCA

Happy St. Patrick's Day! R is bringing his cousins Spencer (a keeshond) and Dexter(a shih tzu) to meet the boo boos for beer

I wonder how much the past poor treatment of Irish immigrants has to do with St Patrick's Day being a thing

Of all the English people out there celebrating St Patrick's day how many know when St George's day is?? #FakeIrish

Very sad St. Patricks day - My hurt hearts today for my family

If you wanna celebrate St. Patrick's day right, come see me at Fitz!! $1 Jell-O shots, $3 wells, $5 car bombs, and $6 coors lite pitchers

Happy St Patrick's DayWe better go, they will be here for hours..#MilitaryMonday

St. Patrick's Day Trustee meeting. (at

Tomorrow we keep St. Patrick's Day going with some more greens.  #GettingDoug Live at click for tix

#StPatricksDay has been an awesome day so far! It started awesome! #green #kissmeimirish #kissmeimcolombian #IrishColombian #WhyNot

Today I am not celebrating St. Patricks's day, I am celebrating birthday. Party in my youth, get healthy and look fab at 50.

St Patrick's Day treats. Cheers

Bluebird skies and fast hero snow here is the best way to pregame for St Patrick's day that I know of.

4:00 o'clock an I haven't started drinking yet!?!? Thought my saint patricks day would have been a little different!

Thanks for voting! Raspberry is a good choice, but will it be the winning choice? Happy St. Patrick's Day #TStoneSweet16

In honor of St. Patrick's Day, a roundup of some of my favorite Celtic baby names for Disney Baby today! Pinging

I see people out here takin these St. Patrick's day Ls early

Happy St. Patrick's day, Sam.

Two years ago today we celebrated Saint Patrick's Day by adopting this sweet face.

The un-existing Irish in me wants to drink all day long in celebration St Patrick's

Everyone is Irish todayHappy St Patrick's Day to everyone!

17 Chic Cocktails for St. Patrick's DayIreland's Call from The Bar at Four Seasons Hotel Dublin

Fuck people but happy saint Patrick's day!!!!!

My chemistry teacher spoke in an Irish accent for part of the class in honor of st. Patricks day

In the spirit of St. Patrick's day, what was your favorite or the best green ball of all time?

Just back from st patricks parade at 5th avenue! Bloody class :D #StPatricksDay #NewYorkCity

Thanks for stopping by Emily! Happy St. Patrick's Day

it's st. patrick's day, where the fuck is my alcohol?!

St Patrick's Day kicks off in style

happy st Patrick's day jessy Hope you had a fun time x

Thank you St Patrick's Day, Mardi Gras, and Spring Break for proving the only way to get through March is to be drunk the entire time

Happy St. Patrick's Day, may special luck and joy be with you today!

The Truth About Patrick. Holy Moments

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Nawara Brothers!

Head over to the Facebook page to get in the St. Patrick's Day Spirit with President George W. Bush.

nothing says st patricks day like green donuts

Happy St. Patricks day everyone be green out there.

yeah and take a ton of dumb, drunk pictures of us wearing stupid st patrick day stuff

it's st. patrick's day lets makeout while wearing green shirts

HAPPY ST PATRICKS DAY MAY THE LUCK OF THE IRISH BE WITH YOU BSHG BSHG BSHD BSHG

Haha then Patrick was like slob on my knob

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Have you got your green on?

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all our Facebook pals! As a special treat, we have new music releases from some of

so, since my fantasy baseball draft, both jarrod parker and patrick corbin need tommy john surgery both i drafted #watchoutkershaw

Happy St Patrick's day!!! From Warty O'Gingerly #LeperchaunName ~ Blake

I slept through most of Patrick's Day. I'm considering that a win :)

HAPPY ST PATRICK'S DAY! Instead of seeing green, I saw lots of white, as in snow!

It's got to be the Luck of the Irish that St. Patrick's Day fell on a Monday. It's our Apps  Taps day. All day

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Dick's Hideaway! Time to come on in  celebrate with us! ;)

Happy Saint Patrick's Day! The St. Paddy's PubCrawls continue today with $2 Select Beers, $3 Mixers and $4 Shots,

Looking for Irish Restaurants for St. Patrick's Day?

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Loving all the green we're seeing, but where is the pink!  #38days till the #Bloom

So how many people do you think are gonna go to  a Mexican restaurant on St. Patrick's day? Idk but I'm about to find out

I wonder if St. Patrick knew his #legacy would give people a reason to celebrate for thousands of years.

Happy St. Patrick's Day and happy 4th year anniversary to my broken nose #neverforget

St. Patricks Day Soda Bread:  #momdishesitout #stpatricks #stpatricksday #sodabread

St. Paul gears up for St. Patrick's Day Celebration:  Coleman is in support of changing the St. Patrick's D

I hate wearing the color green but I hate getting pinched more I just don't like st. Patricks day

Murphy is the #1 surname in Ireland. There are thought to be about a million Murphys in the world.  Happy St. Patrick's Day!

the Titanic building on St Patricks Day with the Nomadic in the foreground

You know you have a good friend when she brings alcohol  chocolate  to got the weed ! St. Patricks day party starts great !

Happy St. Patrick's Day here from #Post9 Tks Diageo

Satan Patrick would've wanted me to get a DUI tonight.

More LIVE music this ThursdayCelebrate a belated St Patrick's Day at IWB

Why, yes I am. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Best St Patrick's Day post I've seen. .xx

Happy St Patricks Day Niall! I love you, how are you today? Xxx

Happy St Patrick's Day, piano fans. We just got a perfect score on this NPR Irish music puzzler! How did you do?

Here's how I feel about St. Patrick's Day #puke

Celebration St. Patrick's Day with this yummy treat!!!#StPatricksDay

Am I the only one that didn't know it was st.patricks day?

If you're not getting a shamrock shake today, you're doing St. Patricks's Day all wrong.

I love this so much. Happy St. Patrick's day! Square

Probably not doing anything for Saint Patrick's day

It's funny how some people name is Patrick and the holiday name is St. Patrick's Day. #Awkward

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Get drunk and weargreen because some guy banished snakes!Makes total sense.

STREAM ON  #LCRFM NJOY, Happy St Patrick's Day, ANDROS

Irish dancer at this afternoon's St. Patrick's Day event

Happy St. Patrick's Day from me and Ashley

Oh. My. MT In honor of St. Patrick's Day handed me the controlsI'll be bringing the full #Irish 4p on

Being ill over St Patricks weekend is proper depressing!

Not like you needed an excuse to drink on St. Patrick's Day but Gillian, Jeff,  Carolina get 25 cent drinks for #DrinkToYourName

Malmo  Boone  Bentley hereHappy St. Patrick's Day!  We're celebrating with lots of treatsgood musicand

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  O'Brien's Irish Bar  Grill) on #Yelp

It's St. Patricks day Have another guess!

Remember when Patrick thought someone fainted and he like stopped the entire thing

Happy St.Patrick's day everyone! May the luck be with you! :D

Happy St. Patricks Day to all you Rockers!!!

HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!!!Here Are 22 Little Ways to Go GREEN

Mix of sun and clouds this afternoon will make the rest of St. Patrick's Day feel nice. Warmer temperatures and more sunshine tomorrow!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!!  Dr. Sheng's Leprechaun name is Dizzy McWoozy!  What is yours!!If you answer below and

4 Fun St. Patrick's Day Games For The Littlest Leprechauns:

We are now open for dinner on this snowy St. Patrick's Day! Stop on in for some green cornbread and try the

I say we rename it Sir Patrick's day.  #Creep

LIVE: ST PATRICKS DAY EVENING SHOW on #60s #irish

Joloff Rice: Happy St. Patrick's Day..ok so most of you are probably thinking of Colcannon, Shephard's Pie  S

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Dr. Nils R. Bryant!

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Pinnacle Orthodontics!

Kindergarteners Bike for Saint Patrick's Day  #centralcoast

On St.Patrick's Day, there's no such thing as drinking too early or too much.

A Beer Backlash To LGBT Exclusion In St. Patrick's Parades

Not so lucky this st Patricks day

Thanks to everyone who came to celebrate St. Patrick's weekend and our 8th Birthday with us!

currently wearing all black on st.patricks day, New York City has really changed me

#blessed that Patrick pinched me a milli times even though im wearing green

Happy St Patrick's day! - Drinking a Suffolk Porter by -  #photo

Happy St. Patricks Day! Continue the luck by keeping your bucks. Go green with our low cost of ownership Ecosys printers. Enjoy St.

Why do you have to make me green with envy on St. Patrick's Day? WHYYY?

Happy St. Patrick's Day from all of us at True Emporium!

Saint Patrick's Day tie came in so no judge when I wear it tomorrow #classynevertrashy #HappyStPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!  is celebrating with new bracelets of #green!#hemp #hempjewelry

How are u on this St. Patricks day!! Lol

I'm a bit Irish so let's celebrate St. Patrick's day.

happy Patricks days? Happy holidays Easter spring winter June July March May April

Wow. Pi Day, the Ides of March and now St Patrick's Day! Busy holiday season. #amiright

First Guinness of the night and hopefully not the lasthappy st Patricks day people

Happy St. Patrick's Day! There's a new post on the blog:

We are feeling #lucky in all our green Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! How Science Can Help You Find a 4-Leaf Clover via

Well, can we agree on some drinks for St.Patricks Day? ;) ~ A//t.co/3dsltYmYHL

Surrounding myself with green things today! Happy St. Patrick's Day! #Green #StPatricksDay

To all the Irish Twitter User I would like 2 wish all of U a very Happy St Patrick's Day

Happy St. Patricks Day! Now, look at this adorable piglet.

Not wearing Green on st Patricks day. YOLO!

And a Happy St. Patricks's Day to all!Yes, we are serving Corned Beef  Cabbage.

Sanit patrick's day is like 4/20 for alcoholics

$3.50 Captain drinks and $3 miller St Patricks day bottles all night, keep it rolling! Happy St Patricks day!

Happy St. Patricks Day!!! Hashtag #gshocksohonyc on any pictures of your lucky green g-shocks today!!!!

Yo st Patrick, no disrespect, imma let you finish, but st valentine made one of the greatest holidays of all time. Of all time!!!!

Happy St Patrick's Day from SoftubUKIreland! #StPatricksDay #stpattys #StPaddysDay #Ireland #IrelandInspires

I've only just noticed that the spinnaker's green for st Patricks day

I work on my portfolio and go to the gym on st Patricks day #zeroirish

Marcia, enjoying the St Patrick's Day? and 7 days until your birthday!!

happy st patricks day from me and an over-enthusiastic leprechaun

What Is the Best Irish Beer to Drink on St Patrick's Day?: I would not however; it is an acquired taste (like

Absolutely beautiful, sunny day of skiing. Happy St. Patrick's Day, all! Mountain Ski Resort

heya Niall is been a long time ago since my last tweet to ya. Just wanna say that I still love youuu xxHappy St Patrick day

Happy St Patrick's Day from 360 Sports  SynGrass

Green Brew for St. Patrick's Day.

In Honor of St. Patricks Day I've dyed my blood green!

Happy St. Patricks day to all! Everyone be safe tonight.

No one even mentioned St.Patricks day today Bruh lmao

I own only one shirt with any shade of green on it, and it's in the wash.Happy St. Patrick's Day.

Don't let history ruin your St Pat's17 St. Patrick's Day Someecards That Will Help You Get Lucky  via

Celebrate Saint Patrick's Day with some Irish Boxty! These traditional potato pancakes are easy, sav

Happy St. Patrick's Day! We hope you don't get pinched today! #StPatricks

Who's at the for St Patricks Day!! Big tent event!!

Round two! Are you up for some more St. Patricks Day Shenanigans? If you are worthy meet us at Willoughby Brewing Company right now!

Happy St. Patrick's Day Darling, here's a little Irish music that i know you'll love :)

shamrock shake on st patricks day wow gr8 idea

and here I thought Patrick Reed was a top five player already.. I must be mistaken..:)))

St patricks day #40dayrawr style chlorophyll water and green apples

Nothing like trying to navigate 5th Avenue on St. Patrick's Day. #notIrish #goingtoameeting

Saint Patrick's day.  The day the government cracks down on illegal immigrants. The ones with Green Cards dont get pinched.

Unfortunately for me, St Patricks day was overlooked by burying a good friend of mine due to cancer. Rest in Peace Mick..You shall be missed

The Canopy team wishes everyone a Happy St Patrick's Day!

A pot of gold perfect for any jobsite. Happy St. Patrick's Day! #NBHD via #milwaukee

St. Patrick's Day and All Things Irish?: St. Patrick's Day brings to mind all things Irish: kissing the blarne

We hope that everyone has a fun and safe St. Patrick's Day! Speaking of green things, MUPPETS MOST WANTED premieres THU night

Lenten exercise inspired by St. Patrick's Day

Thinking I'd begin a 10K training program on a rainy St. Patrick's Day is a blunder akin to getting involved in a land war in Asia

In honour of my late, great, #IrishasFuck father HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY, EVERYONE!

What a fantastic turn out for St.Patrick's day! Hope to see you all tomorrow, open from 12pm!

Legally celebrating St Patrick's day with Hitting downtown St Paul, should be fun! :)

Who the hell is saint Patrick though

Erin Go Bra-LESS!  Happy St. Patrick's day, folks!

Luck of the Irish to you all today! Happy St Patricks!

hmmm I feel like I must do something fun on this St. Patrick's day.. wheeeree is

st patricks day dinner (made with Spreaker):  via

Meanwhile on St. Patrick's Day, Putin goes wild with Crimea.  Yikes.

It's awkward how Saint Patrick's Day is a bigger deal in the US than it is in Ireland

Another $3.50 beer for st Patricks free Pool

Being sick on St. Patrick's Day #epicfail

Thank u :) Happy St Patricks day to you!!

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Realty Pros of Austin!

Remember, the strongest person can talk their way out of any fight. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Patrick: Missionary to Ireland by George Grant

I thought st.Patrick's day was just about leprechauns and gold tbh

fubu shorts and a Patrick Ewing jersey

Happy St. Patrick's Day from all of us at Vegas One Realty,

How did green come to represent St. Patrick's Day? [Video]  via #StPatricksDay #Branding

Happy St. Patrick's! If you don't pick a four-leaf clover, make sure you at least pick the right warehouse items! Check out our new blog

I wonder if I kiss somebody Irish on St.patrick's day, will I get the luck of the Irish?!!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! What's it really about? -

Thank goodness for Saint Patrick's Day. Since moving to California I've all but forgotten that I'm Irish. Since nobody here gives a shit.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Did you do anything fun on the course today? Photo via

When I first heard Calm Before The Storm I didn't think it was Patrick I was like did I download a cover by accident oh

Wish I was doing something for St. Patricks day, class excuse for a decent night

Everyday is St. Patrick's Day if you're drinking and generally don't give a shit about religion.

was that a st patricks day reference to you wosh you had food?

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone. May you be filled with green beer and good food. I miss the parades.  Send pics of it all if you can.

Happy St. Patrick's Day    PRE-ORDER SORRY I'M LATE AND BUY SIRENS FROM CHER LLOYD ccd

Wishing all of our followers a Happy St. Patrick's Day! Need dinner?  Try these ideas today:

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Viking Chemicals, Inc.

As it is St. Patrick's day, if you go out and drink tonight be safe and have someone who is sober drive

Happy St. Patrick's day hope everyone is having a 'potato' of a time :)

And just like that, I think I have a favorite St. Patrick's Day video - St. Patrick's Day Bad Analogies:

Okay i like St Patrick Day very much then haha..we have carnaval but i can make many excuses to drink LOL

celebrating st patricks  by doing nothing like wow

On St Patricks day I'm all like

Covering St.Patrick's Day tonight. Quick drive down Richmond, it's currently pretty tame. Lots of interesting outfits :)

I look up St. Patrick's Day on tumblr, and I see too many pictures of naked gingers, not an excuse to get your junk out dear lord

Meeting ended early; retreating home . thus successfully avoiding all St. Patrick's Day tomfoolery in NYC.

To everyone saying I wasn't in the St. Patrick Day spirt today, my panties are green for your information

Its St. Patrick's day.. I need a drink rn

St. Patricks day isn't for you mid-twenty year olds. Put down the oversized leprechaun hats and pick up those job applications.

Hope everyone have a great St. Patrick's Day. You won't see me wearing green, especially on this day. #LakerPride

Happy St. Patricks Day!!! 3 *F

Happy, Happy St. Patricks Day! Muah!! Xoxo

Just think: in one yea from today, I could be in Dublin, marching in the St. Patrick's day parade. #BandNerdsWetDream

St. Patrick's Day pranksters turned the Myriad Gardens water green. Take a look. (Photo by Paul Southerland) #OKC

Thank you for the RT. Which St.Patrick's dish did you opt for tonight?

Happy St Patricks day -  RT2win the signed Jose Jersey will be picked in 6 hours.

Every st Patricks day I've been pinched cuz I do not care for the color green lol

I wish St. Patricks Day wasn't on a freaking MONDAY

Happy St. Patricks day to all our residents! Don't forget to stop by the cafe for your free sherbert ice cream float!

St. Patrick's Day inspired office potluck :D #MoraleAndBellyBuilder :P

Happy St. Patrick's Day. - TAPS Family Tactical American Patriots

Green beer on St. Patrick's Day I can dig it! #withmyirishladies

The old Folks are turning way up here at City Fire down in The Villages for St. Patrick's Day!

Only on St. Patricks day can you see old mad in a skirt and knee high socks

hi there Jan, I am fine! Happy St. Patrick's Day do you celebrate that in your neck of the woods?

Happy #StPatricksDay Happy Niall Day, Greg Day and little Theo day!!! Follow?? Ilysm xxx

Bruh, it's St. Patrick's Day.

From all of us at McKie Ford Lincoln, Happy St. Patrick's Day!

In honor of St. Patrick's Day we are featuringwine. :) No green beer for us here at Sip and we are lacking in

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Remember this when you're hungover out of your mind tomorrow:

Gorgeous St. Patrick's Day Wedding Inspiration #weddings

Happy #StPatricksDay.  Hope you have a fun day.

The Guinness Boom St. Patrick's Day Pub Crawl Crewwell, what's left of us

type into youtubeSomething Inside - August RushIts beautiful. My St. Patricks day present to you all, the singer is irish 3

lol i thought my st patricks day wristband had magically gone blank but i was wearing it inside out

Make this fun rainbow craft for St. Patrick's Day!  #stpatricksday

Saint Patrick's Day Chocolate Dipped Oreo Cookies. #happyStPatties #green #StPattiesOreoPinterest

Is it me or do americans celebrate St Patrick's Day more than Irish people.

GO GREEN this St Patricks gals! We've every shade to suit! Shop

Guess who gets a new phone for their birthday! This girl! I always seem to get a phone on St. Patrick's day. Not that I mind!

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! It comes but once a year, we need that much time to recover from copious

Just now noticed itz St. Patricks day..

Do I go workout or go home and drink? What would St. Patrick do?

I forgot  remembered today's saint Patricks day like 5 times. I'm still wearing green.#SCORE #stoners

Happy St. Patricks Day The will be opening veru soon! And we always wear green!! #free2byou

In the spirit of continuing festivity, Saint Patrick's Day is up in case anyone cares.

Come in to Tasty Fenway tonight for St. Patrick's Day Trivia Night. Grab your team and be here

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Munchkin :-)

I didn't know pinching was part of the St. Patrick's Day shenanigans.

How we Irish drink on #StPatricksDay Happy Paddy,s Day everyone

In celebration of St. Patrick's Day I am making spaghetti and meatballs for supper tonight. What? I'm Italian not Irish! ;)

Greener Pastures - St. Patrick's Day  -  #bbloggers #lbloggers

dude. There is no such thing as St. Patty. It's St. Patrick or St. Paddy. #CmonMan

LUCKY U! Celebrate St. Patrick's Day! YK SWEETHEALUCKY30

Two of my favorite people Ever. I love St. Patrick's Day!

a few facts about St. #Patrick  thx

I know how to do S. Patrick's Day right Plaid shirt mason jar and green beer #partyOn

Out on the town with my babe enjoying St. Patricks day

Patrick Roy returns to Montreal for first time as an NHL coach with the #Avs.

So why was nobody gone tell me it's st Patricks day ?

Happy St. Patrick's Day Baby, love u

The Luna Blue staff getting ready to start St Patrick's Day 2014!

Sorry, guys. St. Patrick's Day is still stupid.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Rainbow bag hand painted with rainbow flower  via #NameThatPatrick5 #stpatricksday #mcm

Happy St Patrick's day! Join us tonight for live Irish music and corndbeef  cabbage! Oh, and cold beer!!! Wooohoooo!

Happy St.Patrick's Day!  Check out this great video from ASL Nook

Happy St Patrick's Day. I'm drunk, just saying.

One simple rule of St. Patrick's Day. Pinch me, you die.

Photo: Awwww HAPPY St. PATTYS DAY FROM MACYS CULVER CITY MANAGEMENT #stpatricksday #onlywayillweargreen

Waiting on bro tu get out inna hour or 2 , den Finna fool on this st. Patricks day wif my nigga James nd coupe mo, turn up , 1800 shit fooly

I want a Shamrock shake. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

One of my favorite poems on this fine Irish holiday! :) Pints all around, Slainte!On Raglan Road by Patrick Kavanagh

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Time to sit back with a Guinness and celebrate the polar bear's Irish ancestry.

Happy St Patrick's day for everyone that's Irish I'm celebrating cause my mum is Irish and so am I but I don't live there though!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! A tip of the hat to ya from Ipreo!

If you're celebrating St. Patrick's Day, please remember to use a designated driver if you're drinking. #DriveSober

Evening #northeasthour  a belated Happy St.Patricks Day from Mrs Bookshop #ireland

Oh St. Patrick..how we have missed you.

Paula Frye is wearing green today..share your St. Patrick day pictures :-)

Yes indeed  Happy St Patricks Day!

Happy St Patricks Day!  Tonight, straight from the hallowed hills of Andover comes great Aunt Enid's Shepherds

Happy St Patrick's Day! *toast with 12yo Tullamore Dew*

A little leprechaun love for my little man. All of his favorite greens. Happy St Patricks Day!!

Saint Patricks Day: The day where every basic bitch magically becomes Irish

your twitter handle autocorrects . See earlier tweet about your official closing of St Patrick's season!

It's not st Patricks day unless you end it with an Italian dinner #twoyearsrunning #4thofjuly

So. Moll loves St. Patrick's Day apparently. #UnattendedPhone

HAPPY TOWNSHIP COMMITTEE ST. PATRICK'S DAY - SEE THE VIDEO

Tell me how at Hudson we goin to Summer camps and we went to UF and we met Scottie, Patrick, Will, and Erick Murphy

Because my Mom died on St Patricks Day, you drunk assholes on the subway. THATS why I'm not wearing green. Feel festive now?

QUEER BEER: Beer Co#8217;s Boycott St. Patrick#8217;s Parades in Support of #8216;LGBT Rights#8217; -

Another day on the job! Last one in fancy dress! Happy #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's day! Proud to be #irish

In celebration of st Patricks day, little joy and her family would like to share this exciting giveaway !! 4

Happy St. Patrick's day, guyz!!! ;) Ukraine loves you 3

From St Patrick:  I cannot keep silent, nor would it be proper, so many favours and graces has the Lord deigned to bestow on me.

St Patrick's Day in the Life of Investment Insights  #Infograph

WHAT HAPPY SAINT PATRICKS DAY

Women of the IRA. Happy St. Patrick's day muthafuckas!! #weareallirishtoday

In honor of St. Patrick's Day, a little Gene Kelly in TAKE ME OUT TO THE BALL GAME (1949):

Happy St. Patrick's Day! (and a happy potato)

Happy St. Patricks Day!Amanda and Melody are feeling LUCKY today! What makes you feel LUCKY?

Happy St. Patrick's Day to my Irish husbanddaughter! This Polish-Hungarian loves you both so much!

IM ON A BOAT AND THE WIFI IS HELLA EXPENSIVE BUT HEY GUYS HAPPY SAINT PATRICKS DAY

The perfect lime green bag for St. Patrick's Day!  #green #StPatricksDay

Hitting Rainbow on St. Patrick's day with the boys. Resort

Happy St Patricks from Coventry xxx

OMG! I just realized I forgot to tweet this yet! HAPPY SAINT PATRICK'S DAY!!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! If you're celebrating today, make sure you're celebrating with union made drinks and snacks!

Wishing everyone a Happy St. Patrick's Day! Have some Fun with #Glitter  #Green! Model | MadyMUA | Lilmonsta

Did you know that St. Patrick was actually English? He was born in Britain around 350 A.D. and probably lived in Wales. #StPatricksDay

Everyone knows that today is St. Patrick's Day . . . but have you heard about St. Baldrick's?  The St.

Missed any of the St Patrick's Festival action from around the country earlier? Catch the highlights now on #RTEOne #pureirish

ICSC: We want to wish everyone a Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Evie has made some cheeky St Patricks Day brownies!

Washington Capitals recall D Patrick Wey from Hershey Bears - The Patriot-News  #washington

FOR St PATRICKS DAY:The Boy DannyThere was this young dude called DannyAnd, this here is his song,His Pop

Photo: Happy St Patrick Day from Disneyland #stpatrickday #disney #fireworks #jbiiix

May the road rise up to meet you: Friends and faculty came to celebrate St. Patrick's Day with the SJP Celtic

St. Patrick's day!!!!!!! Thinking about buying a few Guinness beers. ~.~

Ever notice that more black people celebrate St. Patrick's day than Kwanzaa?  Interesting isn't it?

how has your st patricks day been!!

Stay green this St. Patrick's day #stonernation

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Audi San Diego

New: Louisiana State University Tiger Marching Band - St. Patrick's Day Parade In Dublin [Ireland]

how do you spend the st Patricks day? Hope you have much fun x

I'm off tomorrow and it's st Patrick's day, who's down for the bar?!?

Happy St. Patrick's Day Everybody! Check out our photos from this past weekend at Fruita Coop Farm  Ranch Day!

And a Bailey's Irish Creme Latte. Happy St. Patrick's day, folks. Drink responsibly.

One left for St Patrick's Dayawesome stuff! - Drinking an On The Wings Of Armageddon MD -

Ow yea, happy St. Patricks day xd (totally forgot) XD

Honestly best st. Patricks day yet!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Come in for Guiness Beef Stew or Corned Beef  Cabbage!

I'm not sure which was more shameful, the farcical New York st patricks day parade or both sides in Belfast today

If my name was Patrick and people called me Patty I'd be so pissed.

It is genuinely disgusting that neither the Irish Independent nor the Irish Times printed an article reflecting on St Patrick and his legacy

Could somebody lend me sone coins so I can get a st patricks day pack? :)

Lannister dyed his beard for St. Patrick's Day. #jerk

I bet they are partying  celebrating St Patrick's Day. Enjoy!

FOR St PATRICKS DAY:Song For IrelandTo the mighty isle of Ireland, you are the jewel in our sea,Your verdant

Happy Saint Patrick's Day NYC and Friends - on our way home from a wonderful short  sweet trip in FL

I'm wearing red today. BECAUSE ST PATRICK DOESN'T OWN MY ASS, Y'ALL

Happy St Patrick's Day! Dive into Ireland's food  culture via

Jacket potato for tea to celebrate St Patrick's day, no expenses spared here. Still counts right?.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Can you even handle all this cute?!

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Dr. Paolicchi  our pediatric neurology team at / Komansky Center #nypkids

Happy St. Patrick's Day!! Please don't get too drunk off those green beers!

My view at the Irish Pub for St Patrick's Day. Cant complain.

What a great day to be in Ireland! Happy St Patricks day so it is!!!!!

Festive for St. Patrick's Day at Midtown! #stpatricksday Smith Restaurant

To all our Irish Members, Happy St Patrick's Day!

NEW VIDEO: St. Patrick's Day Snow

RaverX News: Rupert Murdoch: Boycott Guinness for Siding with Gay Groups on St. Patrick's Day  Please Share!!

Forget Drinking, Celebrate St. Patrick's Day By Learning Awesome Facts About Ireland: Happy St. Paddy's   #tech

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Learn more about the history and traditions:

Happy End-of-St Patricks day. Bit late, I know.

Would have went out to get drunk since its St Patrick's day today. But the exams are stopping me from doing so

We want to send out a big hug and thank you to everyone that is spending St. Patricks Day doing charity events

Just because it's Saint Patricks day, doesn't mean you should wear all green so S t o p

Happy St. Patrick's Day everybody.  Any excuse to toot Irish folk tunes all day long!

I'm confused. What exactly does a Shamrock Shake have to do with St Patrick conventing Irish pagans of Christianity #HappyStPatricksDay

Who t'f came up with st.Patrick day ?

2nd week of rehearsals! And we are all celebrating St. Patrick's Day!!! #thesaigondiaryofrachelle

I don't have any Irish pictures for St. Patrick's Day

Thanks D, Happy St.Patrick's Day to you :)

Happy St. Patricks day! Wearing hulk shirt for green.#Hulk

St Patricks Day aka one of my top 3 favourite days of the year has arrived  I'm going to spend it sober, at home, cleaning.  #sacrifices

I thought St. Patrick's Day was yesterday. Should wear something green and drink

Actually Saint Patrick was his creator, you meant to say Saint Patrick's Monster

Happy St Patrick's Day everyone :) ~ Toddster

Happy St Patrick's Day from Dallas, TX..I'm glad you safe and sound!.  :o)

Smart stuff from Peter Beinart. (Although I realize that posting this by the hour on St. Patrick's day when many

We didn't forget our green this St. Patrick's Day. #PowerToTheShe #PopOfColor

Does anyone know some goods pubs/bars in Chelsea to celebrate St Patricks day?

On St Patrick's day I'm Irish !

Happy St. Patrick's Day, y'all! Have fun - be safe!

How do I celebrate St. Patrick's Day?By blasting Dropkick Murphys radio on Spotify while doing work and pounding my head into the wall

How many people who went crazy on Saturday for St. Patrick's day will be out sporting green tonight? My guess is not many #frauds

Here is a good ol' joke for St. Patricks day. How do you get an Irishman on the roof? Tell him the drinks are on the house.

Ok, quick q to all of you- does anyone (esp in #edchatie) celebrate St Patrick's Day w rainbows and leprechauns?  #kinderchat

I wanna hang. Maybe have some green fun in the St. Patrick's Day spirit. idk. somebody hmu.

Today's cupcake flavors are Bailey's, Guinness, and Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough! #yummy Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Hoping everyone is having a spectacular St. Patrick's Day. If you haven't already, please head over to our page

St. Patricks Day; the day we celebrate my people. My people as in the drinkers.

Having green eyes is basically a pass for St Patricks day every year

Happy St. Patrick's Day from the Egg App developers!  Cheers~

She wearing green honoring St. Patrick. Nice!

Did you know that Saint Patrick was Kidnapped as a boy and Upon his return he brought Christianity with him.

st patricks day of 2012 was the best bc

Happy Saint Patrick's Day from Ireland  via

For St. Patricks day and every day -Union-Made Beers

Happy St. Patrick's Day!! What are you most looking forward to today?

Pistachio Macarons and Cucumber Mint Lemonade never tasted so good! We hope you're all enjoying St. Patrick's Day.

St. Patricks Day all over the world. See real irish pubs, parades and celebrations, and learn a few facts about

The dull weather didn't hamper the spirits of our club as we marched in the Lucan St. Patrick's Day Parade!

Wishing everyone a bright and happy St. Patrick's Day!

Celebrating St. Patrick's Day in Ireland tonight!

I'd just like to tell my future husband, in advance, that we're getting married on St. Patrick's Day. That is all.

Need a green beer alternative for St. Patrick's Day? Sip a Wild Irish Rose instead.  #HappyStPatricksDay

Happy St. Patricks Day! Are you wearing your green? #StPatricksDay

Happy St. Patrick's day! I may or may not be stuffing green sugar cookies in my mouth as I tweet

Happy St.Patrick's Day from Portugal :) Love you xx

The best thing about being in Philly for St Patrick's Day is Irish Potatoes.

Happy St. Patrick's Day and a special thank you to for visiting our office today!

A little office humor goes a long way. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day!! Which outfit would you rock? All green or a pop of color? Let us know in the comments

Have a great St. Patrick's Day evening all. Things to do!

St Patricks Day and not wearing green! So happy nobody pinched me :) I would have been one unhappy girl :/

St Patrick's day ain't all that to me

Happy St Patricks day!! from #ClarrisaCCB Just us girl here:)

Oh damn I forgot it was st. Patricks day thank god I didn't go anywhere haha

I figured nobody would be flying because its St. Patrick's Day I was wrong

*Admin Share* Happy St Patrick's Day from Novah! -Jobey

Happy St. Patrick's day!!!  Sam lost another tooth :)

Happy St. Patricks Day . Should we not be in the Premier Inn, Thurrock? #HatsTshirtsTat

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  We have delicious Shepherd's Pie, $5 Guinness, and $3.50 Irish Red (on draft) in honor of the day.

Cant think of a holiday more meaningless then st.patricks day

Guinness pulls out of St. Patrick's Day parade  via well done Guinness

Timber Block Celebrates St. Patrick's Day! It's Your Lucky Day! #constantcontact

I didn't even know today was saint Patricks day haha

I don't see the point of St. Patrick's day if you're not Irish, it's just an excuse for everyone to pretend they're Irish and drink all day

We hope you have a Shamrockin' Day! #Green #StPatricksDay

Ready for some St. Patricks day food and festivities

Everybody is Irish on St Patrick's Day Erin Go Bragh

Something green for St. Patrick's Day? Campaign workers and supporters (Irish and non-Irish alike) wore this Tam

Guinness o'clock. Happy St. Patrick's Day! #Guinness #StPatricksDay #Ireland #Green

#StPatricksDay today  I've been at the bar all day. My bar, The one that holds weights! I'm making them gains to, But in muscle #gymlife

Retweet if you drive a #green car - Happy St Patrick's Day #Thomasville

Didnt even kno today was Saint Patricks Daymake sure u wear greeenkuz I will be the one to pinch tf outta u lol

Our TA went all out today. Happy St. Patrick's day!

I had an audition today at 47th st and 5th Avenue at 10am. I was SURROUNDED by #StPatricksDay! Literally. Streets blocked off  everything.

I bind unto myself today the strong Name of the Trinity. St. Patrick. #StPatricksDay #Irish #Trinity #christian #God

I come home and the first thing I see on TV is the St. Patrick's Day episode of How I Met Your Mother

Everyone having a nice St. Patrick's day. Nothing much I did today.

Save big on all emergency prep products + free shipping. Enter code GREEN10 at checkout. Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Hey New Yorkers, drink a stout this St. Patrick's Day - how about Coffee  Donut Stout

The world is coming to an end. Predicted by Nostradamus. Notre Dame. Fighting Irish. Irish. Saint Patricks Day. It's your last day on Earth.

What's Irish and stays outside all summer? Patty O'Furniture! Happy St. Patrick's Day.

We've got some real-life leprechauns in for St Patrick's Day!

Happy St Patricks Day!!! Come on out for some green beer and happy hour from 4;00 to 10:00 pm! Dinner special is

St. Patrick's Day with my old man.

It's St Patricks Day, so if you're not wearing green it really doesn't matter.

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! Below are Emily and Joel having fun during a weigh in today.  Joel is down

#SneakerOfTheDay 3/17 - St. Patricks Day Edition: It's that time of the day for another edition of #SneakerOfT

staff wishes everyone a Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Check out this great shot of the Irish dancers in action at Green Bay's St. Patrick's day celebration on Saturday.

Behaving? NEVER! Happy St. Patrick's day to you too :)

My first boiled dinnerhappy Saint Patrick's day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Check out these brands getting into the Irish spirit on Pinterest.

Tell us your favorite Patrick's. I'll go with Patrick Swayze, Patrick Roy and Patrick Star from SpongeBob. Your turn.#1999SportsTalkTopic

Happy St. Patrick's Day - when you're finished with Corned Beef  Cabbage, we'd love to see you for dinner.

I'm confused as to why it's St Patrick's Day and Portola isn't having a green/mint dessert????

Awesome St. Patrick's Day graphic made by #SlainteRoNo

Happy Day of the Irish, aka St. Patrick's.

why thank you Patrick! Haaa.

Gonna eat an Mint Oreo blizzard from Dairy Queen later to celebrate St. Patrick's Day. CAUSE I'M AN ADULT AND CAN DO THESE THINGS.

follow me please I know I don't have much of a chance but still I might be lucky saint Patricks day luck right! Still thx bro 3

what kind of adult man takes the day off of work to celebrate a 22 degree monday st patrick's day, honestly

On St Patrick's Day remember that 1 million Irish starved to death during potato famine whilst the world looked on.Now let's all get drunk!

wearing grenn for st patricks day :)#StPatricksDay #HappyStPatricksDay

Ready to get your St. Patrick's Day on? Here are our top five picks:

I fell in love with this Irish blessing yesterday Happy Saint Patrick's day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day to all our truck drivers, friends, and family.  May you find your pot of gold at the end

Peeling potatoes for St. Patricks day dinner. #housewifestatus

i hate st. patrick's day.. those pinches are unneeded. we're in high school. grow up.

Happy St. Patrick's Day! //t.co/qDIQd8O5xU

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Schedule a FIT Bodywrap tomorrow to help you get over too much green beer  Reuben

Here's some St Patrick's day music for you if you need some Irish inspiration!

Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! Celebrating my Irish heritage

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  We hope you have a wonderful day - filled with good food and friends!

Happy St Patrick's Day everyone! Are you feeling LUCKY? Here's your chance at a pot of gold. We will be

Wish I could've spent st Patricks day with my dad like the good ol' days

Happy st Patrick's day everyone hav ur green beer.  HAPPY ANNIVERSARY HONEY

Afternoon St Patrick's day fun with

enter St. Patrick's Day Sweeps for my chance 2 win a trip 4 2 to Dublin, Ireland!  #MagnersStPatricksDay

In light of it being St Patricks day everyone should listen to Irish Celebration by Macklemore #fuckwitus

Happy St.Patricks day friends, hope you had a wonderful weekend.Bitter will be closed on Tuesday this week, sorry for any inconvenience.

I get the distinct impression that it's St Patrick's day. No idea why

Some powerful words for St. Patrick's Day. Bernadette Devlin McAliskey was an organizer of the Civil Rights

Come kick it at and celebrate saint Patrick's day with me and groovenater

Just a reminder that we have all the Irish libations you could want on St Patricks Day without any of the lines! Open at 4 today.

Happy Saint Patrick's Day to my lovely :)

Happy #StPatricksDay. We hope you have a wonderfully green day!

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Bonn!

Happy St. Patrick's day from the home of the 2014 RBS 6 Nations Champions. Congratulations

Nothing says St Patrick's day like some Irish beer!

Annual St Patricks outing for and They were VERY good really.

My neighbors and having St.Patricks day sex,

Free wristband with every Guinness you buy at the Adam! #adameve #work #st #patricks #day

Happy St. Patrick's Day! has on green

Chicago LYFERs - here's a way to celebrate St. Patrick's Day at LYFE Kitchen Chicago River North!

I heard St. Patrick's Day is one of those manufactured holidays. It was started by greeting card companies and alcoholics.

Happy St. Patrick's Day from ddm marketing  communications!

THE PULSE: St. Patrick's Day special! Who's the hottest Irish actor - #FOXYFASSBENDER

Happy St. Patricks Day from the Tutela Team!

You doing anything for st Patricks day? No. Why not? Cos I'm not fucking Irish?

Are you going Green for your #wedding? Happy St Patrick's Day!

For Saint Patricks Day - a little Irish connection with

hope you guys are out enjoying St. Patrick's day!

Leprechaun Piss Shots available all day! Happy St. Patrick's Day!

I have the same mixed feels about St.Patricks that I do about Valentines. History is warped man. There, I said it.

Find a pub to celebrate St. Patrick's Day: Pubs throughout Orange County will decked out in   #OrangeCounty #OC

They do, I'm not lying to you for once xD it's St Patrick's day

Happy St. Patrick's day! Jonathan would you take a pic holding my Amber Shadows and the Missing Wands book. I'm the author.

Tonight is corned 'beef' seitan with cabbage and potatoes and carrots and soda bread because I miss my nana on st Patricks day every year.

Last Saint Patricks Day my party was so much fun ! #wekilledit

I'm #reading The Ask and the Answer by Patrick Ness

Pleasure to meet Minister at the Honorary Consulate's St. Patrick's Reception in Cologne this evening.

It's St. Patrick's Day and I can't eat potatoes This is wrong

I wonder if St. Patrick was a stoner ??

At the rate I'm going today, a Saint Patrick's Day libation cannot come soon enough.

cause its St.Patrick's Day mom made shepherds pie #trueIrish

that's so cool that the city celebrates St Patrick's Day by turning all the go lights green #thingsthataregreen

Best wishes for St Patricks Day.

Happy St. Patrick's day! Happy hour $1 oyster $4Peak Organic W.S.$6 wines and a $7 Old Fashion with Powers Irish Whiskey! Welcome to Mar's

Our festive St. Patrick's Day front desk ladies!!

Is antifreeze an acceptable green St Patrick's Day drink?

Happy San Patrick's day!On MondayWhen most people are workingand it was raining :(For next year, can

You can never have enough St. Patrick's Day spirit! Join in the fun this evening at Catalano Square :)

Happy St Patricks day everyone :) go wild and have fun remember this ?? #ProudToBeIrish

Eating and Drinking on St. Patrick's Day  #Poetry #Whiskey and #Scrambled Eggs

St Patrick's Day is literally the dumbest holiday ever.

Will you retweet for my Dad who I lost on St Patrick's Day 6 yrs ago to cancer? He loved his drink x

Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Hope you wore your green!

It's st. patrick's day and I'm irish and no one has kissed me yet I call bullshit

Happy St Partrick's Day from Manor Lake! #stpatricksday

The return of MST3K? A St. Patrick's Day miracle!

it doesn't even feel like st. patrick's day usually i would be all festive and wear green but not this year oh

Patrick Peterson tryna get his own lil LOB started lol

Happy St. Patrick's day  (Love U Sooooo Much Have A Great Day!!!!!:D)

st Patricks day is my fave

Happy St Patrick's Day! A few ideas for your Irish reading today - from funny, heart warming, historical. Erin Go

St Patricks Day Rainbow Pizza (Gluten, Dairy and Refined Sugar free): Today we made Soda Bread (Gluten, dairy

Anybody drinking for St Patricks Day today?

When someone pinches me for not wearing green on St. Patrick's Day

Wish I could be with the crew for our special St. Patrick's day event tonight but

My St. Patrick's consisted of two Guinness's, lasagna, and watching Brooklyn Nine Nine with my girlfriend. The Irish is strong in this one.

IS2G IF NIALL DOESNT POST AT LEAST ONE ST PATRICKS DAY SELFIE IM SUEING bYE

Happy St. Patrick's Day! May I suggest this Great choice of Green today to you ?. #Zija #SmartMix

18k gold with diamonds and emeraldsno better way to remember your St . Patrick's Day! Everyone have fun and

Bray St  Patrick's Day Parade Highlights from today!

Niall tweeted about St. Patrick's DayIt's time for drunk Niall pics and selfies I'll be waiting

Casey's St. Patrick's Day Street Festival 2013:  via

True or false: saint Patrick wasn't born in Ireland.

Thinking of Ireland this St. Patricks Day. I've had some good times there.

#Ireland Ambassador to the U.S. had busy day on Fri. w/ #StPatricksDay observance in D.C.; good article on it all -

I came to school knowing it was St. Patricks day. And I was still like why the fuck is everyone wearing green Oops

Oh be for I forget Happy Saint Patricks Day  #kissmeimirish

Am I the only one who didn't know it was St. Patricks day until half way through the day?

Saint Patrick's Day is my favorite holiday, mostly because getting plastered on whiskey and beating up Protestants isn't cool on Christmas

Last st. Patricks day was more fun #soimtold

St Patrick's Day.. the day we all pretend we love Guinness

Don't mind if I do For the day that's in it! #stpatricksday #ireland #emeraldisle

Who's celebrating St. Patrick's day?

Happy St. Patrick's Day, folks! Celebrate

Bobby's hoping that this St. Patrick's day will bring him some luck in the form of a forever family! Learn

Happy St Patrick's Day Nola!!!!!   Everyone is Irish today - get your Irish Car Bombs and shots of Jameson and

Have a Happy St. Patrick's Day! You can always come in and celebrate with one of our green drinks :) #greenejuice

dude, i don't even care about st patricks day

St. Patrick's Day Profile: The Irish Mafia  on

Happy St. Patrick's Day eveyone! Be festive for dinner, and try out one of these yummy St. Patty's Day recipes.

I forgot today was St. Patricks Day  Oh well

Do more than wear green today, make green decisions! 8 tips to green your St. Patrick's Day:  via

What did you do or will you do fun for St. Patrick's Day? Make anything special to eat?

Good evening and welcome to a special St Patrick's day edition of #crosbynet. Why aren't we all doing this for real down the pub? next year!

Celebrating Saint Patricks day by drinking Baileys left over from Christmas alone in my room Not depressing in the slightest.

ElectroFX Free Members - St. Patrick's Day Special Offer - 10 Hours Left! -

To the 2 doodz rocking the dolphins and (black) eagles jerseys those aren't green therefore in no way appropriate for St Patrick's Day

Happy St. Patrick's Day! Hope you're wearing green! We're trying a new flavor just for today: Mint  plain today!

Happy St. Patrick's Day from Tobe Direct!

#STL Nightlife Gallery [PICS] - St Patrick's Day Parade  SEE MORE -  #StPatricksDay

Happy St Patrick's Day to all. Need some iron so might even have a guinness night cap!

St Patrick's day is my least favorite holiday by far

@highlight

you must wear green participate in St. Patrick's Day Parade.

@highlight

El Cajon streets run green for St. Patrick's Day Half Marathon.

@highlight

Guinness has cancelled its sponsorship of the New York City St Patrick's Day parade today

@highlight

Heineken also withdraws from NYC St Patrick's sponsorship in support of gay rights.

@highlight

Spectators To Line Fifth Avenue For NYC's St. Patrick's Day Parade Amid Tension.