To the Paris attackers: Why? You do not have the right to take away someone's life. #ViveLaFrance #ParisAttacks

Pray for Paris. So sad reading the bad news, Paris is the city of Love. Why is this happening?

this bitch is saying that jb's fucking album is more important that what's going on in paris. An album CAN wait. a city full of people CAN'T

Let us all pray for the Paris community and the victims and family 'N' friends of those massacred  R.I.P

Words don't cover it -- thoughts on Paris.

what does blacklivesmatter have to do with what's going on in Paris. You shut up. Try mowing your own backyard.

That's so awful what happened in Paris #prayforparis

This Paris terrorist atrocity has many supporters, living among us and waiting to undermine our society

I just felt like you were using a kids movie of a rat in Paris to try and show support which is kinda childish imo

My heart and thoughts are with the people of Paris. It's shocking, it's awful. This was an attack against humanity.  #Pray4Paris

G-WOOFY NEWS Paris Attacks: Networks Cut In to Cover Hostage Crisis

[Mirror] Paris shooting sparks fears for Crystal Palace star Martin Kelly believed to be at restaurant attacked

Thoughts go out to Paris. We live in one mixed up, twisted world. #PrayForPrais

Paris Attack whoah such a terible situation :( #PrayForParis

hey their is a terist attack in Paris fell so bad 115  people died

I and I'm sure many of you have been to Paris before, the thought that this could have potentially happened then is the scariest thing (1/2)

My heart goes out to everyone in Paris tonight who was affected, and to everyone who will be treated with hate because of these terrorists

May Allah protect every single innocent soul of this world!!!#Paris #ParisAttacks #ParisShooting #Pray4Paris

#PrayForParis Obama leads chorus of world outrage over Paris attacks

Yes, I read that Twitter helped to spread info for evacuation in Paris.

eventhouh knowing of Paris incident  tagging Paris you r saying have a wonderful day.

Man i feel sorry for Paris after a terror horrifying going on #Pray4Paris

1. No we aren't! 2. At least we aren't charging people to watch a livestream when we should be focusing on Paris.

Charlie Hedbo and 9/11 mentioned in likeness to horrific attacks Friday night in Paris killing over 150 #breakingnews #news

I still can't understand why Paris? Are these people mental?

New York Times - An Awful Realization for Paris as Terror Strikes City Again

#More than 100 people killed in Paris attacks, deputy mayor confirms #jobs #money #work #: Police official say

What has happened in Paris is absolutely awful. My thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and their families

We should move as if our situation is less important? You crazy, I'm still praying for Paris.

Older white news hosts like on CNN are simultaneously grappling with Paris shootings  wondering why youth still go to heavy metal concerts.

In case you missed it. This happened in Paris where the people are not armed

Yo what the fuck is happening in Paris right now though?

Holy crap, what he hell's going on in Paris?

Sending love  prayers to my many #HeartTribe soul brothers and sisters in Paris. Traveling has taught me

I feel nothing but disgust for the human race right now. First Mizzou, now Paris

News about Paris is breaking my heart. Praying for the light of Jesus to shine and for the truth of God, the Refuge to be made known.

what happened in paris is shocking, let's pray that this wont happen again, aldub nation lets us be vigilant #ALDUBHappyBdayLOLA

so cute and all my love go out to paris too xx #PrayForParis

In case anyone is wondering it is being reported that 2 attackers killed over 100 people at the Bataclan theatre in Paris.

In the midst of tragedy the people of Paris prove with #PorteOuverte that as a community we stand together for one another. Stay safe

why are some Justin fans tweeting about their album beating 1D? 1) MITAM WONT FLOP! and 2) there are more IMPORTANT issues like Paris + more

Praying for everyone's safety in Paris tonightand all those who have lost their livesnever forget them #PrayForParis

Cops in Paris aren't allowed to carry arms btw

Los Altos children singing. Prayers for Paris victims

Prayers for Paris going out tonight.

Praying for Paris - such a beautiful city, so horrible what has happened.

The New Adult Book Club sends our thoughts, prayers, and love to those in Paris and those who have loved ones in

The more I read about what's going on in Paris the more pain I feel. The lives of many lost because of terrible, disgusting people

Paris isn't goddamn fine, read the news, the headlines, Paris is under a terrorist attack are you THAT ignorant?

WTF???   Obama statement on Paris: 'I DON'T WANT TO SPECULATE ON WHO DID THIS'

my thoughts and prayers go out to those in paris. be safe. find some shelter. xx #PrayForParis

We fucking told you so. #Paris #ParisAttacks

Paris residents open their doors with hashtag #PorteOuverte

Sending you positive energy Paris.

I know you guys were supposed to be playing in Paris and your there right now, stay safe guys! #PrayforParis #ParisAttacks

Paris under siege: 140 dead in terror attacks - The WOOT Box

Something big is gonna happen against these terrorist after this stuff going on in Paris #PrayForParis

My thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected in the Paris tragedies.

#Breaking Paris attacks toll could reach 120, five assailants killed: prosecutor Read More :

Thank God because my classmate's mom is safe in Paris #PrayForParis

JUST IN: 5 attackers dead, Paris prosecutor says.   -- Good Morning America

Heartbroken for Paris and all those involved. Praying for solace, healing, anything.

I am sick to my stomach as more news comes out from Paris.

Nothing to say, just pray for Paris #ParisAttacks

Besides all the sad tweets about Paris etc

City of Paris is largely shutting down tomorrow. I can't imagine Parisians' fear  uncertainty. Praying for them.

If you  want to push that agenda, the aftermath of a tragedy like Paris is not the time to do it.

To the attackers in Paris today, the despicable inhuman acts that were committed today will not go unpunished #prayersforparis

I'm sure that mentioned their hurt for the Paris attacks before midnight..

i hope that what happened in paris is showing you what happends when you open the boarders. CLOSE THE BOARDERS!!!!!!!!!!!

God bless Paris. Nobody deserved this. #Prayers4Paris

President Obama's comments on the Attacks in Paris.

Without enough words for describing what happened in Paris this Friday 13th. NO TO TERRORISM. #PrayForParis #JeSuiParis

Wow the creepy fucks shot up an Eagles of DeathMetal concert in Paris. This may be the last straw.

Prayers going out to all in Paris. Truly horrific and terrifying. May they find unity and strength through this

If you are in Paris please stay indoors and keep safe xx

If anyone in around Los Angeles can host or participate in a Paris Relief comedy show, please DM me. #JeSuisFrancais #RT

Please God, let us go and fuck up whoever ever attacked Paris. Please

Eagles of Death Metal band escapes Paris attack

omg againParis attacks: More than 120 killed at Bataclan and restaurants

Update: 160 dead in Paris, 5 terrorists shot by forces, 1500 soldiers deployed to Paris, 140 injured, no Australian's harmed #Tennews

Our prayers  love are with youParis attacks: At least 153 killed in gunfire and blasts, French official says

They are reporting more terrorists loose in Paris

What a scary world we live in. Keeping Paris in my prayers. #PrayForParis

Friends, this seems like a useful list of legitimate organizations on the ground: How you can help Paris right now

Wtf they're attackin Paris fuck smfh that's sick man !!

The next time Hillary or Obama mention their anti gun plans, remember the attacks in Paris and the fact PARIS

Our hearts are breaking for you Paris..#prayforparis

This paris attack invokes dreaded Mumbai 26/11 memories. Horrifying

yeah, I've not heard a thing other than the Paris attacks on the news

Thoughts and prayers to Paris hopefully someday the world will find peace and love #PeaceinParis #PeaceAndLove

CLC President Our thoughts are with Paris at this tragic time  #canlab

Anyone who has time should take a moment to think about those in Paris. #PrayForParis

More united than ever-a sense of pride-soccer fans sing French national anthem after Paris attacks.#PrayforParis.

Paris attacks update:5 Attackers Killed, death toll reached to 140

Paris attacks - New video of Swat team storming The Bataclan:  via

Heart goes out to the families of the fallen in Paris. #pray4Paris

in think my uncle is in paris omfg

Genuinely can't express how much the Paris attacks have upset me. Absolutely no place for it in the world. Horrendous.

what the actual fuck do you mean Paris is fine. educate yourself.

To the coward who carried out this attack in Paris Allah SWT says this in the Quran

#bbc #news: About 100 dead at Bataclan concert venue in central Paris, French media quote police as saying htt

Can't believe what has happened in Paris, deeply upsetting news, so many innocent people lost and innocent families destroyed #PrayForParis

One #newyorker 's most sincere thoughts and prayers for all my friends and citizens of Paris right now #prayforparis

BBC - Paris attacks: More than 120 killed - thoughts and prayers are with families  friends of those killed. #Paris

prayers r with families of deceased. But shud there also b award vapasi. Paris is becoming intolerant. Wat say????

What's happening in Paris is so heartbreaking. So much bloodshed on innocent people. For fucking what? Smh.

My prayer and heart go to the people of paris. There is no words that can describe horror. #PrayForPairs #pray #hope

Our thoughts are with our brothers and sisters in Paris #prayforparis

Stand strong, Paris. We're with you. #VivaLaFrance

Stand strong Paris ! Thoughts  prayers give you the strength to go on !

So my cousin just got to London today. He'll be gone a month  Paris was on his list. Thank Jesus he was nowhere near the madness.

such a tragic event, everyone send prayers and your love to Paris #PrayForPairs ; God is with you guys

what happen in paris is a tragic and horrible,, lets pray for them don't blame a religion and a faith.#prayforparis

I hate that I'm having to watch the media for news on tonight's events in Paris,when the media is so irresponsible in this kind of situation

Just hitting the mute + block combo on anyone using the Paris killings to shame the protestors. I don't have the time.

Paris attacks - Ambulances rush to the scene in Paris:  via

Pray for Paris, innocent people murdered

Is the point to prove people can be inspired to carry out this war against the innocent.Even thieves have honor Je Suis Paris #ParisAttacks

Editors' Choice : Pray for Paris by snappedbycam

Honestly fam, after this Paris thing, Muslims really need to put a lid on it. They are being absolute jerks

Hearing the news about what's going on in Paris makes me sick. Someone needs to pay.

Paris, you hold a space in my heart. You'll triumph out of this madness, city of lights.

Let's pray for all the people who lost their life tonight in Paris. I am once again chocked by everything that happened.

Heart to Paris tonight, a city that has gone through much too much in the last year. Absolutely psychopathic.

Lord, May all the angels of Heaven needed go ton those in need in Paris and protect and guide them thru healing and

153 dead in paris attack When will it stop! #Prayers4Paris

Police: Several Dozen Dead in Paris, Hostages Taken at Theater - Hollywood Reporter

#Prayforparis  Love and prayers go out to Paris and everybody who got hurt.

Retweeted Vivian Balakrishnan Horrified by the news of the terrorist attacks in Paris. Just spoke

Please join our prayers for the victims in Paris!

don't say a word Paris terror attacks: Video shows moment police storm concert hall ending  RT #fks #wild#drugs

American family searching for cousins who were at #Bataclan #Paris #France. Pls RT. #ParisAttacks #FranceAttacks

Get ready for everyone to blame the attacks in Paris on Obama #GiveMeABreak #PrayForParis

Thoughts and solidarity with Paris tonight. Appalling slaughter of innocents

Will say that Paris is just another little incident? #Auspol

so shocked at the tragedy in Paris. praying for the hostages still shivering in terror and the stricken bereaved families. #PrayForParis

Ok. So I just got home from a gig  I'm reading all these comments about Paris. Imma turn on the news  pray it's

Yeah, what happened in Paris is bad kept in context, white people in USA kill 10x more every year no one hates white people for it

Just heard about Paris. My prayers are with all those who are affected. #PrayForParis

Praying for everyone in Paris tonight 3 Stay strong and stay safe.

INFORMATION ABOUT PARIS - thestateofardadreaming: stirringwind: queengrinchywrites: Explosions and

Paris prosecutor says 5 attackers may be dead in attacks across city  via InquirerNET

Over 100 Reportedly Killed in Hostage Situation at Eagles of Death Metal Show in Paris  Pitchfork

There are people in my life who I are dear friends that live in Paris. May peace and safety be with you. Je suis avec vous! # paris

BREAKING! At least 60 killed in 4 simultaneous terror attacks in Paris. Terrorists were killing

Really? I'm going to bet there will be a low turnout after Paris.

watching CNN now.oww God. please help Paris and Lebanon.and Japan.

People affected in Paris were walking down the street, enjoying food, and enjoying a concert. These people died living. Don't be scared to

Pray for all the lives lost to the Paris attacks and my deepest condolences to their families and the people who watched those attacks

lets all Pray for Paris   #PRAY for PARIS

More Than 150 Killed in Terror Attacks in Paris: [International] : More than 150 people were killed in a serie

Peace for Paris. So very sad.

All the T.V's at the airport are airing the attack in Paris, may God bless them. #PrayForParis

More than 120 people are killed in multiple gun and bomb attacks in Paris. France declares national state of

ape amboi Paris in lockdown. The pictures are..depressing.

Paris is also in danger. And your idols record will always be there, these people's safety is at risk.

Praying for our family, friends, people, city, country, world.PARIS we are with you.#PrayersForParis #Paris

Just cut the bullshit agenda and care about the fact that 120 people had their lives cut far too short tonight in Paris. 120 too many

Been staring at reports for hours and I still cant believe it. Hoping the people of Paris will stand strong through this ordeal.

it's gotten to the point to where they decided to put paris under curfew for the first time since WWII omg

News says the terrorist running loose with guns in the streets of Paris

Everything happening in Paris is happening at like 2-3 in the morning local time. Its fucked up a lot of people have to wake up to this.

Love the tweets about prayers and thoughts for Paris. The preachy, philosophical tweets can go away.

omg are you still in Paris? Y'all ok?

#retweet : 501Awani [LATEST] Five Paris attackers 'neutralised' - Prosecutor's office

Can't believe this shit that's happening in Paris rn #PrayForParis

My prayers for the people in Paris Authority Bus Terminal

Our collective prayers are with the people of Paris who are suffering such pain in the wake of the recent attacks. Let us work toward Shalom

I can't stand to see this hate. Paris, I stand with you. Muslim religion, I stand with you. Every good person, I stand with you. Much love.

Note to self - sarcastic remarks in response to a gun advocate's take on the Paris attacks is certainly not a good use of time. *logs off*

Love and prayers to all of you in Paris, hope you and yours are all safe. #prayforparis

#NBCNews World Leaders Express Shock, Sadness at Paris Attacks: World leaders have expressed sh  #WorldRSSFeeds

Rockets C Capela affected by Paris attacks (ESPN) |  #nba

Prayers for the victims of the shootings in Paris, their families and for world peace NOW.

Praying and chanting for peace in Paris and around the world.  #paris

Prayers go out to all those in Paris tonight

Passengers at #LAX are lined up for #AirFrance flight 77 w/scheduled departure to Paris No delay

Please pray for Paris, Japan and Beirut .

Very much saddened by the terrorist attacks in Paris. When I lived in London, I would visit Paris at least once

I love you. All my love to those beautiful people in Paris. I feel guilty for even trying to have a nice evening during all this.

Oh Paris, my thoughts and prayers are with you tonight. Much admiration for #PorteOuverte. #prayingforparis.

Horror in Paris tonight. Can't stop thinking about them. Why is this the world that we live in? No need for such violence. #jesuisparis

FFF president Le Graet #039;feels the pain of bereaved families#039; in Paris -   pres

I remember when I went to Paris with and Eiffel Tower looked different then. Sad it got attacked.

Thoughts are with everyone in Paris.Violence like this has no place in any city or country in the world.

This thing in Paris is really bad people, really bad

a 3News update on the Paris terror attacks on-air shortly

Paris is the city of light. Even when darkness closes in, attempting to suffocate and terrorize. #NotAfraid

Our study abroad program has 11 students and 2 faculty in Paris where there have been attacks. They are safe and due to return Nov. 29.

More than 100 kiiled in Paris terror attacks: A series of bombings and attacks killed over a 100 people across

So many white journalists right now devaluing the racism in America to elevate the situation in Paris.

Related News: Stream France 24 Live Here for the Latest on the Paris Shootings -Slate-

The news about Paris is so sad. Why is the world like this.I don't get it

Loved this shop when I visited Paris, love it more now.

just like Bush and your dad kept us safeit's about Paris tonight.

If the death toll in the Paris attacks exceeds 100, it will be 2nd most-deadly attack onWestern city since Sept. 11

Kindness needed, support Paris, do not blame refugees

What's happening in Paris is awful, but remember that whatever happens, hope is stronger than fear #Paris

Our prayers are with the people of Paris after today's deadly attacks.

Paris Attack world concerned Palestine attack??? everyday no one bother #Pray4Gaza

Just because stuff like this happens a lot in the M.E. doesn't mean we shouldn't show solidarity with Paris. Acts of violence are never okay

We're still operating flights to Paris. When a travel policy is issued it will be found here:

The Paris  attacks feel like Mumbai  26/11 all over  again!  Stay strong Paris.

Heartbroken about Paris. Don't even have any words. Please Jesus show yourself in Paris and around the world

My heart goes out to those who died in Paris. It is so senseless. God bless those who lost loved ones.

Thoughts are with everyone in Paris. Can't believe this is happening.

I was relieved when I heard back from my Paris friend.

Pray for Paris, Pray for Japan may God bless them.

Official: As many as 120 dead in string of Paris attacks (from

Whats the point of posting a picture of you posing or ur make up saying pray for paris. You bitch, are an idiot.

UIC trails San Francisco 38-36 at halftime. Paris Burns leads the Flames with 9 points.

Paris is under attack, Mexico had a hurricane, and Japan had a 7.0 earthquake and is expecting a tsunami.. What a horrible day

Everybody pray for the lives lost and affected by this tragedy in Paris #Prayers4Paris

she thinks a freaking album is more important than the terrorattack in Paris, which is a sick thought she has.

I have my cousin in Paris mayne. FUCK ISIS

My heart is hurting so much for the people in Paris #PrayforParis

Paris Attacks: Brave Stadium Survivors Sing National Anthem During Evacuation

I don't have any words. My thoughts go out to the people of Paris.Restez forte.

At least 100 killed in Paris concert hall siege, 40 dead in other attacks

Terrible events in Paris. Live coverage:  #ParisAttacks #ParisShooting

why should the situation that Paris is in be any different? You are being extremely disrespectful and it's sickening

Stop fecking praying for Paris, your same god allowed the killers life you eedjits

My heart goes out to Paris,  I'm praying for you

Rain is finally falling in Johannesburg. Is this rain or tears from above for Paris?

French Police Storm Bataclan Concert Hall in Paris -- 'Around 100 Dead'  via

All rivalries aside , we all pray for paris.

Always been a huge fan of the French! Wonderful part of the world wonderful people. My heart goes out to the people of Paris. #ParisAttacks

IT WASN'T JUST FUCKING PARIS, same thing happened in Baghdad and Lebanon. Are these places just too USUAL for you??

My heart grieves for Paris. Such unimaginable tragedy.

Paris Attacks Leave Awful Realization: Terror Is on a Rampage!

Hey if you're okay please tweet me, text me or call. Lots of people looking for you. #ParisAttacks #paris

Praying for all of those affected by the tragedy in Paris Praying for the world.

i'm not sure if you're still living in paris but i wanted to make sure you're safe tonight.

Multiple Attacks In Paris Leave Dozens Dead And At Least 100 Held Hostage

I know what happened in Paris but I have no idea why people are praying for Japan. I'm now in Japan though. #PrayForParis #PrayForJapan

Atmosphere in Paris right now must be very scary and worrying.

Paris Attacks Kill More Than 100, Police Say; Border Controls Tightened  nobody has claimed responsibility.yet!

(let me charge my fans to watch my livestream even though people are getting murdered in Paris)

We're providing unlimited access to  for coverage of the attacks in Paris. Follow our blog

Thoughts and prayers r with the people in Paris 2nite. As well as 2 the parents in Stratford who lost their 15 yr old daughter way too soon.

MuslimsFriday the 13thBlack Lives MatterAll things I've seen the Paris attacks blamed on so farWake the fuck up

Paris and Japan. Tragedy all around.  Do what you can to be a good human. Don't spread unjustified hate.

Bruh wtf happened today in Paris

Don't forget to pour some for the homies back in Paris, y'all hear?

Not having news at work is terrible- I'm watching what went on in Paris this terrible

Katy Perry, Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump and More Stars React to Deadly Paris Attacks: Celebrities tweet their reactions to the deva

Wow i cant believe what is happening in Paris right now :( #prayforfrance #prayforparis

Heartfelt wishes to those in Paris.  Very sad.

scary shit. The streets are empty. Like a dog in missing Paris Photo but you'd never relax after all that.

US presidential candidates react to the Paris attacks on social media

I honestly want to cry because of this situation in Paris..

When you try to reach your family in Paris the realize it's 3am there #PrayforParis

As my prayers  thoughts are with the City of Light, I won't be live tweeting #ANTM tonight. My heart aches for you, Paris #PrayForParis

Cannot believe what is happening in Paris, how can this happen. #PrayForParis

To all the people in Paris tonight, you are not alone. #PrayForParis #sendingprayersandlove

:In the planning stages of a visit to Paris next year. All the more reason to go  wrap our arms around this beautiful city.

I feel the same way.God bless Paris.If Obama does not stand with Paris then we will all know the truth.

truth be told, I can't get into this game. With what's going on in Paris, basketball is non-existent in my mind.

CNN Saying that there is 153 dead in Paris Attacks

#JeSuisParis: Outpouring of support for Paris victims floods social media: In the wake of  #tech #world #Follow

Hope them people in Paris find peace.

Paris attacks: More than 120 killed at Bataclan and restaurants  - pakdin.my

#ParisAttacks may God be with the family off the people who have died  Only cowards can do such an attack on innocent people

#Queens #NY #DayCare Athletes tweet support for Paris amid terrorist attacks: More than

Where are you today? Facebook says Paris. Wanted to check in with you.

If you want to show your support for Paris, please use the #PrayforParis hashtag - DO NOT clog up the {Po rte Ouv erte} tag.

All my love goes out to those in Paris, Lebanon, Japan, and Baghdad. What's happening is absolutely horrifying, everyone please stay safe.

It started well with Robert Plant and Alison Krauss, then 30 secs of McAlmont  Butler before Paris News cut in

I've just come from Paris I'm so heartbroken for the people of France.

Today marks the deadliest day in Paris since World War ll. What a terribly sad statistic this is.

Let's pause for awhile send a silent prayer for Paris. #Prayers4Paris

So umm, whats going on in paris??

I get where your coming from but I am too angry disgusted, fed up right now to think of anything else but Paris

thank you for your reporting my heart goes out to the people of Paris

what happened in Paris wasn't the staus quo attacking the public.

Pray For Paris - thatumbuser: 6 different shooting with kalashnikov and bombs, More than 60 dead, 100

thanks lovely. for once i m more than grateful to study in England and not in paris.

Shocking scenes from Paris tonight 153 dead Lord have mercy

Fuck. Waking up to the news of Paris attacks. Also that Facebook check in thing is so handy

Prayers go out to those that are affected in the shootings in Paris #Prayers4Paris

#ParisAttacks see how some muslims are justifying attacks on Paris

Lots of love to those in Paris, stay strong

There's a pray for Paris filter on snap

I do believe that Paris can still be the City of Love #Prayers4Paris

Attack after attack after attack. When is the civilized world going to wake the hell up? #ParisAttacks

Prayers for those who lost their lives in the Paris attacks.

It's hard to think about the beautiful city of Paris experiencing this horror tonight. God Bless #PrayForParis

Hi Josh let us do a music project together that would be dedicated to Paris and the world. They need some inspiration.

probably a little torn between the game and the shit going down in Paris. Found myself a little deflated.

Aweeee that's horrible. Please be safe now Paris #PrayForParis

My Prayers go out to everyone in #Paris. Stay strong! Paris will always be a #Magical City. #France

Facebook notification tht all friends near Paris were marked safe. That's wat I woke up to. Took me a few mins to realise wat was happening.

the fact that ur having negative shit to say about Paris is just ignorant as fuck cuz u would be bugging if it was u

This idea is echoed a lot in France right now, among my friends and in the streets of Paris love seems to prevail.

Very good pictures there.They deployed 1,500 military to Paris. Can't be safe enough.Heartbreaking !!!

LIVE on #Periscope: Canada - CBC Coverage - Paris

Can't beloeve the terrorist attack in Paris occured just a few hours ago. #PrayForParis

My friend Holly is in Paris. She is safe and posted this.

Hi Rebecca,sorry for what happened in Paris :(

Please. Call people you love right now and tell them you love them. What is happening in Paris right now is scary

R.I.P to all the lives lost in Paris. Truly sad

Prays go out to the people in Paris

My heart goes out 2 all the families of victims in paris. #PrayForParis #InMyPrayers

So hard to believe we were in Paris a few short months ago  now we're watching this horror. Prayers to all touched by this #PrayForParis

and then i see what happened in paris and brings everything back in perspective

wtf is wrong with you? Paris is NOT fine. You're totally insane. FUCK YOU.

My condolences for those affected by the terrorist attack in Paris

Hoping for the best for people in Paris though, this world is pretty disturbing these days

my sincere condolences to all the ones who have lost their lives today. Stay Strong, Paris #parisattacks

French intelligence first a guy gets on Thalys with a machine gun then this?  (My God not Paris!!!! My God!!)

Sending my prayers to all those affected by the horrific Paris attacks #PrayersForParis

Please pray for Paris and rest of the world.#ALDUBHappyBdayLOLA

Wow just seeing the coverage of Paris now. My thoughts and prayers go out the people there.

My heart is heavy for the people in Paris..Prayers and Blessing to the families and friends of the victims and all the Parisians

you could have just gotten blown up in Paris

That's certainly not my intention. I understand. My thoughts and prayers are with her  the people of Paris.

Thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and families of today's terrorist attacks in Paris. May god be with

Condolences to all of the families in Paris today who lost their loved one in those senseless terrorist attacks

Nothing will be open tomorrow in Paris. No schools, stores, gyms, museums, banks, eateries, nothing #PrayForParis

where does the humanity exist??R.I.P to all who have been killed in bomb attack in paris

Actually lying in my bed after a short trip to the pub crying about the situation in Paris

Five Attackers may be dead according to Paris Prosecuter

Just heard about Paris wtf

Unbelievable news out of Paris tonight. Just awful. Praying for safety, healing and justice.

Beliebers trying to promote this album during a national crisis in Paris. They're forgetting there are beliebers in Paris too. #PrayForParis

Cannot believe what's going on in Paris. Such a waste of innocent life. You can't help but think what will be hit next #PrayForParis

Giving my best to Paris tonight.

Several members of BWP have close personal ties with the city and people of Paris. Our thoughts and hearts are with them tonight.

Join Northside Christian Church as we Pray for Paris.

Our heart and thoughts are with our friends in Paris tonight. We hope you all are safe. Terrorism is the plague

My heart and prayers go out to the people of Paris as an American we know your loss and support you

My heart hurts for Paris. I have visited  Paris a few times and love the city and the French people. #Praying4Paris #GodBeWithUs

U. of Washington student Adam Kirk in Paris sent this text message and photo to KING 5 about ParisAttacks

May God shine his light on the darkness over Paris at this time! Sorry to hear of all that is happening there

I seen someone give a SL going off of the events in Paris today-Now I'm not saying their wrong, I'm just saying that it doesn't seem-

JUST IN: Paris prosecutor says 5 attackers may be dead in attacks across city. |via

Pray for Paris. No one deserves to go this kind of pain #Prayers4Paris

I'm sick to my stomach. 153 dead in Paris.

I almost have a heart attack bc my friend was in Paris but she came to Venezuela this week and she did not tell me. I'm gonna kill her.

just hope that they are because we miss our castle family in Paris #StayStrongParis

Send me and my boys to Paris, So we can send Isis to the grave they digged themselves into. We are coming for you slowly but surely #RIPIsis

those bitches who are attacking Paris They should go to hell in my opinion

Watch Paris terror attacks - LIVE on

Unbelievable!!! Stay strong Paris. These want to weaken you but can't.Stay up! #paris #sad

I can't even imagine what it's like in Paris right now. At a loss for words.

The death toll keeps climbing in Paris. What's the solution for the multi-headed hydra terrorism? #love? #violence? #technology?

MORE THAN 100 REPORTED DEAD IN PARIS we kid ourselves if we think this won't happen in Canada. We need action now!!!

lets all observe a minute of silence to pray for paris victims and attackers  god be w/ us at all times

Condolences to all the people affected by the tragedies in Paris. Horrible news.

We are grateful that the life of a dear friend who was scheduled to be in Paris this week was spared

Really scary day in the world My heart and prayers go out to all in Paris, Lebanon, Japan, and Mexico.

Top stories right now on LIVE UPDATES ON PARIS ATTACKS:

Everyone send a prayer for the people in Paris and all families of the hostages #Prayers4Paris

I think of Paris, and I actually cry right now. I have wonderful memories of my time as student in Paris.

Very sad to hear about terrorist attack in Paris ..May God give all the strength to fight against these pathetic

Nothing is worst thn killing innocent people.V Pakistanis condemn Paris attacks n stands by their side in this difficult time.#ParisAttacks

we may be far away but we're always here for you. stay strong Paris and Japan. #PrayForParis #PrayForJapan

World Trade Center to be lit to honor victims of Paris attacks  via InquirerNET

#NZHerald Paris terror attacks: The hunt for who's responsible

The fucking terror attacks on Paris. Almost 200 dead.

The chances of me flying to paris and all this happening within an hour is beyond me. Timing man. Life's precious

We pray for Paris - Lord we asked for healing  comfort for the families that lost loves ones in Jesus name. Amen!

we need to pray for not only for Paris  Japan but for humanity too.my thoughts, love, and prayers go out to you in this unfortunate ordeal

As a journalist who recently lived three years in Paris yeah, I guess I should. Now leave with your tail between your legs.

Still so much confusion as to what exactly went down. But 120 killed today in Paris. #PrierPourParis

But if your hating on acacia bc she wasn't informed about the Paris attacks, delete your Twitter

Never feels right to tweet about anything else after tragedies like these #Paris #ParisAttacks

So tragic. Our hearts and thoughts are with our friends from Paris! #PrayforParis

SECRETARY CLINTON'SParticipation in the NATO-UKRAINEMoscow Ukraine Paris#fusillade

Thinking tonight of the many friends I have in Paris.

My prayers and thoughts go out to Paris tonight and for every night here on out until they find peace again

R.I.P to all the lives lost in Paris today #ParisAttacks no one deserves a fate like that.

Whats happenings in paris is far bigger than caring if Justin or One Direction is number one #Pray4Paris #

No Syrian Refugees need to enter the US! Pray for Paris!

Stop violence!!! Paris we pray for u!!!!

Isn't it interesting that people in Paris probably don't even care for your opinion?

LIVE UPDATES: At least 100 killed in Paris concert hall siege, 40 dead in other attacks  #PrayforParis

Paris and Japan tonight should be used to show people to appreciate what they have: safety. Amazing what we take for granted

hope to believe the G20 will be discussing Paris and how to protect cities rather than talking about the weather

Another senseless Shooting/Bombing Over 150 killed in terrorist attack across Paris. #Prayers4Paris

Can you beat that eagle team, hell NO. Gob bless those in Paris our thoughts and prayers are with you.

it's hard to imagine that we woke up today hearing news about terrorism in Paris.

#paris #ParisAttacks If #France had #concealedcarry the dead might have stopped the bad guys. Alas, it is  #GunFreeZones.

DTH I have a cousin married to a Caucasian male residing in Paris. Jesus be her guide.

Condolences to all families and friends of PARIS bombings from one human to another.

Must remember that in all likelihood the majority of Syrian refugees are fleeing the same brand of horrific terror Paris suffered today.

#BloodBathInParis Nearly 160 people killed and many wounded in Paris terrorist attacks. Gunmen still at large in Paris. #Prayers4Paris

3:14am in Paris and things are still tense.

Grieved by the events unfolding in Paris right now Please join us in praying!  Come Lord Jesus!

Earthquakes in Japan. ISIS in Paris. What a terrible day. Prayers to the whole world rn. We all need it.

Put this on a billboard in Paris and see how long it takes to burn it down. What a POS leader we have!

* *  ONGOING COVERAGE of == FALSE FLAG TERROR DRAMA IN PARIS * * == Here on our news site --

Muhammad The Prophet Of Islam -The Movie-Official Trailer 2015 Movie  #ParisAttacks #France #Paris #Germans #Refugees

I just saw a post and someone's friend died in Paris I'm literally bawling

Holding the people of Paris (indeed, all of France) in my thoughts.  #StayStrongParis

Our thoughts go out to Paris and France this evening/morning.

Paris terrorist attacks leave more than 140 dead, leave #France reeling

Y'all jus posting this pray for Paris hash tag.. But how many of y'all actually prayed

The citizens of Paris opening their doors for people who can't get home. Taxi drivers driving people home for free. Resilience.

My take on the Paris peace symbol

My thoughts and prayers go out to the families and people of Paris #prayforparis

Our hearts are with you Paris.  Hearts around the world are turning towards you, sending you our love. We are all

Paris, Japan, and all the cities in America like Indianapolis who can't seem to get a break from the frequent murders. #PrayersWayUp

Despite the evil, humanity prevails in Paris. #PorteOuverte

Gun attacks at several sites around Paris including two restaurants, killed at least 40 people |

#Prayers4Paris this is a cruel world that we live insend all your prayers and love to Paris in this rough time

Sorry for the people in Paris..my Uncle is out there I hope his alright.

Religion of Peace spreads after-death-peace in Paris. 150+ killed Police locked im battle

Pray for Paris. Peace For Paris. Praying for World Peace.

Tragic events. The fact that people are capable of committing such atrocities is incomprehensible. Stay strong, Paris. #PorteOuverte

say for sure that one of the last things Paris needs right now are (Absolutely) worthless and undignified

Hope everyone in Parris who had family in the Terrorist attack in Paris is alright and its time to step up against terrorist #Pray4Paris

Paris is a good reminder that people bitching about microaggressions should be grateful they have no idea what real aggression is.

i didnt even know until now but there are 120 dead in paris? holy shit #pray4paris

My heart hurts for Paris. I'm honestly disgusted as to what the world is becoming to  #PrayForParis

RIP to those people who attack by terroist in paris .Be strong and safe paris

Crying for my dream city. #PrayforParisBBC News - Paris attacks: Bataclan and other assaults leave many dead

Man we need answers for why this shit happened in paris an if its gunna happen in other cities.people are fucked up #PrayForParis

As we think of those in Paris tonight let this kind of mentality prevail #loveandhopeforparis

We were in Paris a month after 9/11 and everyone was very supportive.  Best of luck Paris

Retweeted Riddle In lieu of tonight events, my thoughts are with the people of Paris, and all of

oh yeah warning please mute me if the paris thing triggers you because i may or may not tag it and it will be the majority of my posts

In the event any of you have family in Paris tonight: US embassy in #Paris +33143122222

#TweedeKamer want to find more reason to declare your reign a sad excuse for governing? ?? Paris today. Amsterdam tomorrow. Go home

The Latest: Official says hundreds dead in Paris attacks; 5 assailants killed

Tonight? Talking about Paris. On any other night, comparing calls and shooting the breeze.

My prayers and thoughts go to those in Paris and their families. We've allowed this for to long, it's time for world wide reform.

Following the Paris Attacks From Benjamin Cazeno  via |

What's going on in Paris is breaking my heart. My thoughts and prayers go out to everyone. May God be with you all.

My heart goes out to Paris and our prayers go out to the people of Frrance. Sad for those who lost their lives

Paris we normal Americans feel for you. At least your Terrorists are Foriegn unlike USA right wing w guns #ParisAttacks #gunsense

I am so sorry Paris. You are in my prayers.

hearing everything that's happening in Paris right now It's sickening

Praying for those in Paris right now it's unbelievable that this happened to them

Toll comes to six sites and over 100 dead in Paris, making it the 2nd worst terrorist attack in western civilization since 9/11.

Retweeted The Globe and Mail What we know on Paris attacks: - More than 100 dead- At least

Pak TV sound bites : Paris perpetrators r not Muslim, calling them so is western lies, Plstn  Kashmir sum all injustice. ;)

Why is it that we know the truth and President stands up and says he does not want to rush to judgement on Paris.  Idiot!

Lighting a candle for the people of Paris   all those whose lives are being senselessly lost to terrorism  war,

I love our fandom because instead of promoting we are standing by Paris and that's way more important than anything right now #Pray4Paris

By far the best Paris prayer tweet I've seen.  Brought tears to my eyes.  Keep the faith, Paris.

Live: Multiple terror attacks in Paris; hostages taken - The Hindu

#FrenchMuslims :-( Social Media Racism in Response to Tragic Paris Shootings:  led to in Fr  #Islam #Muslims

Paris, the reason you cherish the 2nd Amendment

Think about Paris! they're here! First load 10,000 Syrian refugees has arrived in New Orleans,.  via

158 dead in Paris shootings - recall why Ferdinand  Isabella deported Muslims from Spain in 1492? Coming soon - or already here?

Im confused. Is the attack in Paris going on NOW or was it a few hours ago?? I cant tell how current it is.

Our thoughts are with those who have been effected by the attacks on Paris! #PeaceForParis

Praying for the people of Paris. One of the most beautiful places in the world and some of the strongest people in the world #PrayForParis

Glad we are all arguing semantics over what we refer to the scumbags responsible for the Paris attacks as.

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the people of Paris at this terrible time.

One band member of #EODM reportedly killed in Paris concert terrorists attack according to #MSNBC #EaglesOfDeathMetal #EODMofficial

If our government doesn't stop worrying about pc bullshit, Paris will happen here. We need a leader with balls.

Yesterday it's happened different parts of the world. Today Paris tomorrow where?This is very sad. Try to wipeout these terrorists

How do we handle the pain and fear in Paris? Feel the sadness, pray and stand in the mess together. #ParisAttacks

#Twitter People mobilize on Twitter using #PorteOuverte, #OpenDoor in response to Paris shootings: People seek

Just woke again to find Paris death toll 3x that of earlier reported. Unimaginable. Horrific. All involved in my thoughts tonight.

It's awful when innocent people die, I don't know these people from Paris but I won't forget what happened to them #NeverForget

tell paris I want her

Celebrities Take to Social Media in Wake of Paris Attacks

To all my friends who are asking, my family in Paris is safe.

everyone please keep paris in your thoughts and prayers because this is horrifying #Paris

Thoughts and prayers go out to all who've been affected by the tragedies in Paris today. #PrayForParis

#Facebook Activates Safety Status Tool After Deadly Paris Attacks

We hope all our friends in Paris are safe and well. We're sending positive vibes your way. Stay safe, stay strong #Paris #parisjetaime #

Effil tower of Paris seems to worshipping hands that seeks solidarity against terrorists

Prayers to all in Paris, so sad!

Programming Note: ABC's 20/20 will air special coverage on Paris attacks - followed by continuing coverage on 13WHAM News at 11

God, please be with those affected in Paris  rest of Paris. This is supposed to be the city of #love #Prayers4Paris

people in Paris, please stay indoors :(

Just before 100 died in concert hall gun attack #ParisAttacks

The PorteOuverte hashtag is such an amazing show of humanity. Thoughts and prayers for those in Paris right now. #ParisStayStrong

For Paris folks #strandedinUS, I have a guest room in Madison, WI.

Still setting my eyes on Paris as home 5 years tops. Better there than here.

My heart aches for all those affected by the attack in Paris! #prayforparis

Well that weren't the night out I planned on Paris at all

I would think the world should suddenly tire of toying with ISIS based on Paris. Time to saddle up with the rest of NATO and go get'em all.

This feels reassuring. Hope our brothers and sisters in Paris get back safely.

Paris Attacks Live Stream: Terror Grips France After Simultaneous Explosion, Shootings, Hostage Crisis

Very sad to hear about what happened in Paris

New York, other U.S. cities beef up security after Paris attacks: New York, Boston and other   #news #headlines

No matter what moral or religious views you have, you should at least show some repect for the people of Paris

Our heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with those in Paris right now #PrayForPairs

Please people in Paris and other places being attacked or targeted, it's not safe outside, be aware, and please be cautious.

So devastating to hear about the acts of terrorism in Paris. We must stand up to terrorism as a nation #Prayers4Paris

Thoughts and prayers for the killed, injuried and their families in Paris. A horrific incident. #Prayers4Paris

Pray for Paris!! Saddened by the news of Paris 4 consecutive attacks.. ppl use my religion ISLAM wrongly for their personal gain..

Potus  hillary will tell you it was a video that caused the Paris massacre.

Terrible tragedy what's happened in Paris tonight, there are some sick bastards in this world that pray on the innocent. #PrayforParis

from TIME in World : This Map Shows Where the Paris Attacks Took Place

Paul Cain Prophecy about  Islam replacing communism as a destructive world force is coming 2 past. Paris is proof

State of emergency in Paris after series of deadly attacks  via NewsHour

People in Paris went out tonight to go to a concert, to eat dinner, to take a walk. To watch a soccer game. They are now lost, confused (1)

My heart and my thoughts are in Paris now. Stay strong

Everyone is sad about Paris cause it's the latest news on TV. but wake up world, cause terrorist attacks

you wanna say some words for Paris??

Prayers for everyone in Paris. I ask for prayers for my dad who is in Paris at this time. Please pray he ok.

EVERYONE IN PARIS AND ANY OF THE PLACES BEING ATTACKED, YOU HAVE MY PRAYERS AND I HOPE EVERYONE IS STAYING AS SAFE AS POSSIBLE

Every day you turn on the news and you watch our beautiful world fall apart in front of our eyes. Why is this happening, AGAIN, in Paris?

So I guess in that case 158 innocents dead in paris is completely justified, right?

Horrific Paris Attacks Kill More Than 100

A few years ago I was in Paris  it was absolutely beautiful. And to think now it's in utter chaossmh Stay safe  Stay strong Paris

My Prayers go out to the friends + family of those who have lost their loved ones in Paris. /3 #PrayersForParis

Paris :(Peace to those families who have lostLet this bring us all closer together

if ur gonna tweet about par** use a lower case L instead of an i for paris pass it on!!!! * is*s could see everything going on!

Thoughts are with everyone in Paris. If you're anywhere near Paris, please try to stay safe! -K

Prayers for all of those affected by the tragedy in Paris. #Prayers4Paris

Paris under attack: I'm in Paris and heard gunfire then many sirens. I looked out my window and witnessed 4 gu

Paris locals post videos of terror attacks online:  #9News

We serve a God of all comfort! Praying for Paris!

Sending my prayers to those in Paris and the rest of France tonight. No one should ever have to go through that. Be safe. #Prayers4Paris

Lil bro you aren't in Paris are you?

Soccer fans sing French national anthem Las Marseillaise as they leave Stade de France Paris

It has been a tragic day, watching the events in Paris unfold. Our hearts, souls and prayers go out to the

but she probably is worried about Paris too but she has to update or else some people will freak out

#PrayersForParis  my prayers go out to those affected by the tragedy in Paris

Thoughts and prayers for the folks in Paris.   Let there be peace on earth..

My heart goes out to everyone affected by the horrors in Paris. #iwishweallcouldjustgetalong

What happened in Paris is sick . Fucking animals

After Paris Attacks, France Declares State of Emergency: Live Updates: World leaders responded with shock and pledges of solidarity f

We would have had this exact scenario several months ago had it not been for the Americans on that train in Paris #foxnews

U2 Postpones Paris Concert After Terrorist Attacks  #u2ietour

crazy what happen in Paris, RIP and pray for Paris! Its fucked up how the first thing was it must be ISIS, shows us media cant be trusted..

Fears for US band caught up in Paris siege - Yahoo Entertainment Singapore  via

Eagles of Death Metal band in Paris shooting still searching for crew members       :

Will the 14:35 from Paris Nord to Brussels ride today (14 november)?

Paris is not fine at all. That album is not important at all compared to what is happening right now. Stop.

praying for you and your family. And everyone else in Paris tonight. #PrayForParis

Retweeted John Hayward Four simultaneous terrorist attacks in Paris:

Air Canada #AC880 #Toronto to Paris has departed on Rwy 24R. #Toronto

it is only god who can save paris.

my heart goes out to the people of Paris. We Canadians are behind you

A few hours ago in Paris many explosions and shootings where triggered across the city over a 100 are already confirmed dead,pray for Paris

Still not feeling good about security here in Canada, Statement by PM on terrorist attacks in Paris  #lightweight PM

Hi everyone, it's David Custer. Facebook launched a feature so that people in Paris can let their network know

Wait a second. What the hell does this have to do with the poor people who are goddam well bloody and dead tonight in Paris?

Attacks on Paris is actually Modi's fault.

Stay strong Paris, sending you love from Israel. :( This used to be my daily life when I was a bit younger. Hope Germany isn't next.

With such horrific attacks,  it's damn difficult to convince people that Islam is a peaceful religion. #ParisAttacks

oh no i hope not! I could have sworn when the brother was on the air he said they all got out. Prayers for Paris!!!

Saddened for Paris. How crazy and heartless those cowards are. #Pray4Paris

We should a start a # for support to Paris from our fandom maybe #DirectionersArePrayingForParis

Please pray for Paris those men and women and children should have not died because of someone else #Prayers4Paris Friday 13th was some day

Paris, I will forever love you.

Been away from my feed for several hours and just catching up on the horrific news from Paris and Japan. Sending everyone lots of warmth.

someone will pay justice for the lives lost in Paris #Pray4Paris

the Russian plane bombing  now the Paris attacks, what could be next?

My heart weeps tonight for the victims of the Paris attacks.

Terrorist attack on Paris. Earthquake in Japan. May God bless the world. #PrayForParis #PrayForJapan

Stay strong #Paris  #Beirut. Our prayers with all of you affected by the horrible #ParisAttacks

Lexi and I are just having a really intense conversation about Paris right now

Terrible to hear about Paris attacks and earthquake in Japan..what a sad morning

WARNING:Paris Police  Military do NOT yet have containment. Muslim terrorists are on the loose. Exercise extreme caution. #WhiteGenocide

What happened in Paris today is something that no nation deserves. Stay strong Paris #PrayForPairs

Praying for Paris, Japan, Baghdad, and Lebanon tonight.

Paris terror attacks . Let's all #PrayForParis

My heart goes to all those victims in those terror attacks in Paris. Stay Strong. I pray for justice to be served #prayforparis

Our hearts go out to all those who lost their lives in Paris today

so sad to hear paris attack..

NEWS ALERT: Khloe Kardashian Paris Attacks: Star Apologizes For Pre-Scheduled Promo Tweet

whats happening in paris tonight is absolutely horrific. #prayforparis

My prayers go out to Lebanon and Paris! #PrayForLebanon #PrayForParis

Love and light to the city of light. Je t'aime, Paris.

Using military tactics against innocent civilians is the epitome of cowardice! So hurt by this attack! #ParisAttacks

May he be with the people of Paris tonight. #PrayForParis

HEADLINES: American band Eagles of Death Metal was performing at attacked Paris venue

After only 4 hours into this tragedy in Paris, if you use this as an opportunity to ALREADY start bashing Obama

I don't think anyone truly understands what this terrorist attack on Paris means. #WarsAcoming

It is a real tragedy what happened in Paris  unfortunately that's an everyday thing in certain parts of the world

the point is that the terrorism in Paris WAS caused by religion.

Listen I beg you lot stop tweeting about Paris now

Some 27 percent of British Muslims sympathise with CH Paris gunmen according to polling by ComRes for the British Broadcasting Co

I'm honestly sick of this world we live in. prayers to every family and person in Paris. #PrayForParis

We are ParisWe are Charly HebdoWe are Aylan KurdiWe are loveWe are hope but We are also war. We are also death. #Paris #PorteOuverte

|REPLAY| Peace, Love, and Light to Paris #properiscope #paris #katch #Periscope

Anybody else reluctant to take in all these Muslim refugees after Paris?

I hope that violence will no longer find a place in this increasingly small planet we share. My prayers are with Paris. #PrayForParis

This is just the fucking worst . please please pray for them,citizens of Paris please help one another#Prayers4Paris

a difficult time for society of Paris, a great support from us please

Thoughts  prayers to all hurt  affected in Paris #prayforparis

I'm from Paris, born and raised, spent more than 30 years in the city. Tonight I'm strong and not afraid of you mateo

Please Tell Me What The Fuck Paris Gotta Do Wit United States.. cuz Theres Plenty of Fucked Up Shit Happening

r/worldnews: Death tolls reach 158 in Paris. by /u/Straighty180- (25 mins. old)  #Reddit

terrorist att paris td nie

Net news #ntnews Facebook activates safety status tool after deadly Paris attacks

It's a really messed up world we live in Thoughts and prayers with the people of Paris  #ParisAttacks

Hey Obama campaigned  fundraised after terrorist attacks also #Bengahzi #ParisAttacks

Kuwaiti' thoughts, prayers  resolute solidarity with people of France as they respond to brutal terrorist attacks in Paris last night

Waking up to terrorist attacks makes you wanna go back to sleep. Faith that provokes you to take a life should not be one. #ParisAttacks

Many thoughts with Paris. It is such an unimaginable feeling for me to understand. I know France will bounce back, it's in their nature.

Wishing peace and love to those affected by the attacks in Paris.

it's some scary shit going on out in Paris man. Bless up

right now, it's our job to support Paris, leave the politically correct arguments for later

#Praying4Paris #StayStrongParis I love you Paris, please be safe.

HOSPITAL $ Paris Attacks: U2 Cancels Saturday Concert, HBO Special

I feel sick at heart with what Paris has suffered tonight. This is their 9/11 and I mourn for them. #Je suis francaise.

Its very sad News From France,Paris!! Innocence is again killed !! #Terrorism #ParisAttacks

if any mutuals live in Paris or anywhere near the planned attacks, you are in my prayers please stay safe #PrayForParis

How soon do you think there will be mass protests from them in cities around the world for this latest atrocity in Paris ?

I just got home from getting the albums and I was so happy but now I'm feeling sick watching all these videos and tweets about Paris.-A

I know it was horrible about what happened in Paris tonight but theres no need to be fishing for likes about it on facebook

and what was the Paris jihadis' weapon/ammo/explosive supply? Paris is not Baghdad

Forget the Starbucks red cup and pray for  Paris.

Stay strong Paris and all of France. #FrenchPrayers

Peace for Paris.. Peace for Nigeria.. Peace for the World.#PrayForParis

pray for Paris my dad is,out there and Paris is the main target

Leaders, please join us in covering the city of Paris in prayer. #prayforparis

Older white American people are politicizing the Paris tragedy. #ParisAttacks #Racism

Can someone please update me on paris?

I can only focus on the news going on right now. Sports seem so inconsequential at this moment. My heart breaks for Paris. #PrayForParis

Just came to know about Paris n Japan.. Heart goes out to people of both nations! #StayStrongParis #PrayForJapan #worldpeace

Vigil for Paris on Excalibur server. We can't do much, but we do what we can.

Everything. Be safe EOD and the people of Paris.

Bashur Breakdown - Paris Terrorist Attack #DramaAlert  I AM WILDCAT Daithi De Nogla vs DomIsLive

No more Paris comments. You know how I feel. Lets put it in the back of our minds and do happier things. Like video games.

Just awful. From Sac to Paris the hate in this world is just sickening

UPDATED: Toronto increasing police presence in downtown core in wake of Paris attacks

#PrayForParis I was so shocked when I saw the News about Paris this morning on CNN

May God help and bless all of those who were hurt and know someone who is hurt in Paris. Innocent lives#Prayers4Paris

Prayers for Paris!!!! May God Protect them and keep all of those killed and affected in His loving arms!!

Let us all pray for Paris and Japan. :( #praydforparis #Prayers4Paris #PrayForJapan

Thoughts are with Paris right now.. Words cannot even describe.

NHL teams took time to honour the victims of today's horror in Paris.

Sending thoughts and feelings to all those affected by the terrorist attacks in Paris. Hate is not a solution, it is the problem. #Love7Hate

All my prayers goes to every family in Paris Living a terrible Night #PrayforParis

Carnage in Paris. EVERYBODY WAS WARNED! The world is bent upon blind hatred against Israel  opened wide their gates to Terrorism. Next USA?

My prayers tonight will be for peace in Paris

My heart goes out to Paris tonight. Same for Japan, Lebanon and Beruit. Just a terrible day.

Prayers to Paris, and all of humanity. This has got to stop!

also, please know it's not just Paris to pray for tonight.

Prayers for Paris. Prayers for Baghdad. Prayers for Beirut. Prayers for this whole bleeding world.

aravia12: Michael5SOS what happened in Paris?

Prayers for Paris. No one will ever be able to explain what possesses people to do evil things.

Five attackers dead after killing at least 150 in Paris attacks, police say live updates | World news | The Guardian

Hmm.. I guess it's #FridayNightLights in #Paris What do U think of the #JVTeam now Your lack of leadership caused the #ParisAttacks!

If you are an American who is in Paris or if you know an American in Paris, have them call 001-202-501-4444 to

although what's happening is Paris is horrible, let's remember that Paris isn't the only country under attack / in danger #PrayForAll

my heart is with lebanon,paris,japan and baghdad. I still can't grasp the fact that other people want death and terror among the same people

Mourning each of the lives ended at Paris. Humanity mourns, but nothing will kill France strong and beautiful spirit.

If you were one of those  'outraged' by Starbucks cups, welcome the real world tonight via Paris.

The game has picked up : #ParisAttacks Paris,  a great city under siege : more than 100 killed SRC

Those of u safe at home 2nite, light a candle 4 Paris.  #Paris #PrayForParis #ParisAttacks #PortesOuvertes #help

R.I.P all of the 150+ people dead in Paris from terrorists. Don't let them instill fear. Don't give them the satisfaction. Keep living life.

Thoughts with paris and all these instant tweets defending religion i hope you clock your defending make believe

Sending love and light to all in Paris #PeaceForParis

Paris reporter/ survivor just described the horrific shootings so insane BUT when asked if the concert used metal detectors, NONE WERE USED!

Peace with justice, from Paris to Aleppo to Chicago to Kabul.

My thoughts are wth the people of Paris I was there many years ago beautiful people beautiful city

Pray for Paris but more pray for syamfor suriah..for palestinefor rohingyafor moropattani..xinjiangfor indonesia absolutely

My thoughts and prayers are with the citizens of Paris tonight!

i don't wanna see no headers in that ugly peach tone w the hashtag for paris. u getting a block real fucking quick

yeah, because I'm sure the people of Paris are thinking of your ridiculous political views. You're a horrible person.

#weareallFrench Prayers to all the People of Paris and The French People!

In my worst nightmare I couldn't imagine what the loved ones of the people missing in Paris are going through. #PrayForParis

#3Tech Facebook safety check for Paris friends: Facebook is offering peace of mind with a page for people to l

My Thoughts are with you Paris! Manguins please be safe!

Heart goes out to all of the victims in the Paris attacks. 153 people at least killed during the attacks. #Prayers4Paris This is insane.

Holding the vision of Peace for Paris and all our world.. .

Supporting France this lunchtime. Vive la France. Thoughts with the people of Paris.

My heart is broken by the senseless attack in Paris. May we stand shoulder to shoulder, united in our humanity.

Paris closes borders due to Islamic terror attacks.  Donald Trump's wall doesn't seem so stupid now, does it?

paris je t'aime! #porteouverte #strandedinUS I'm in NJ and happy to help

My most sincere to all the family and friends of the Paris persons who have died today.Rest In Peace.

Head of Paris police says all attackers are believed to be dead: AP Reports

All our prayers and positive vibes for everyone in Paris. The world are with you! #PrayForParis

We pray for all those who have been affected by the horrible tragedy in Paris. #prayforparis

BOMB Explosion during France vs Germany | Terrorist Attack in Paris 2015, 13 November

My heart going out to #Paris tonight.#ParisAttacks we should know better

A message from our Dean about Paris:

Prayers go out to all those in Paris tonight  affected by the horrid actions of the extremists.#Prayers4Paris

We're sending you a DM with some further clarification regarding Paris flights. We're sorry for the confusion.

One World Trade Center lit up red, white and blue to show support for Paris.

rt #Free$100GiftCard VIDEO: What we know about Paris attacks: Scores of people have been killed in multiple gu

#ParisAttacks analysis by ST Associate Ed: Attacks show big cities aren't easy to defend

the tragedy in paris is just that: a tragedy. trump's efforts to exploit it for his own personal gain are disgusting

so I knew while ago about the Paris attack

#Paris Terror Attacks Leave 60 Dead, 100 Hostages#ParisAttacks

here's more information: #ParisAttacks Emergency contacts at the U.S. Embassy Paris

Keep everyone who lost their lives today in Paris in your prayers

Praying for Paris this evening. Lord, may you bring comfort. Psalm 18:6

My heart is grieving for the victims and their families in Paris right now! #Paris #PrayForParis

#BREAKING: Police believe all attackers in Paris are dead. We'll bring you the latest on #News4at10  #News4at11:

Really sad for the people in Paris. Condemn those terrorist.

I wish my ex was in paris right now, mf couldve been dead rn

Tonight I am in Paris. From Detroit, Michigan. #Praying4Paris #PrayingForTheWorld

Paris. Our hearts go out to you. RIP the innocent people who lost their lives and love to those who lost family and friends

it's crazy because you and the other THG family were just in Paris :/

Only Willy Frazer can turn what happened in Paris about the IRA. Selfish horrible basterd that needs hung along with them Isis Islam cunts

My hearts, thoughts  prayers go out 2 everybody in da Paris bombing  shooting #PrayForParis #ViveLeFrance

For those looking for My Friend Paris Wrapping Paper :-)

Sending love and light to those affected by the senseless tragedy in Paris. #praysforparis #istandwithparis

#updateThe Associated Press is reporting the head of Paris police saying all attackers are believed to be dead.

Let's make sure we are actually praying for Paris and not just making it our hashtag.

send them to paris . maybe a soccer game or rock concert.

Climate+webcast+from+Paris+suspended+after+deadly++attacks  via YahooNewsHow much more insignificant can you get

Paris shouldn't have been disrespecting Islam. That's what they get. How would you feel if your culture was being disrespected?

over 100 people dead. my thoughts and prayers go out to those in paris.#Pray4Paris #Pray4Japan #Pray4Lebanon #Pray4Mexico

Paris=Sadness: Taking a moment to think of my friends in France.I am filled with sadness.

Goodnight you guys! Thanks for all the prayers and I'll let everyone know the results! Now please turn your prayers towards Paris tonight!

Never funny to see big terrorist attack.We are with you Paris #Prayers4Paris

Cannot wrap my mind d around the devastating events in #ParisAttacks . Stay strong #Paris .

Heartsick for Paris, for the ongoing terror around the world.

#USA stands with Paris - France #PrayforParis City, New Jersey

I am saddened to hear about the loss of life and devastation in Paris. I am praying for the injured, families, friends and responders.

Excuse me? This terror attack should convince you to shut up about conservatives. Because you are wrong. #ParisAttacks

All this talk of Paris got me looking at my old Paris pictures and wondering why I tried to grow my hair longer.

Recent Changes:  Paris Mass Shooting: Gallery:

no sweetheart making light of the dead in Paris is fucking GROSS. Your lil idol wld be embarrassed.

Heartfelt condolences and sympathy to the families of the victims and to the people of #France #Paris #ParisAttacks #PrayForParis

New post: MUSLIM Reacts to Paris Attack Shooting  #13th #2015 #attack #muslim #november #paris #reacts #shooting #to

Paris theater attack: Manager trying to confirm safety of band in hostage crisis

Official: As many as 120 dead in string of Paris attacks at stadium,  Bastards!! Cowards!!! (Ef)

Our thoughts and prayers go to the victims and hostages of Paris attack. #PrayForParis

One of the greatest trips I've gotten to take was this past June going to Paris. My condolences go out to those injured and the families

Thoughts to anyone in Paris. Sick of waking up and hearing about tragedies like this.

Watching the television 5,000 miles away from home in shock at the developing outrage in Paris. God rest their souls.

Scene close to Le Petit Cambodge restaurant in Paris #paris #parisattacks

Paris is fine? Oh gosh, you've gone mental.

Roast duck and beans. I learned this sear technique from a friend in Paris so dinner took longer to cook, tonight

#PorteOuverte my heart goes out to the victims in Paris. my heart goes out to Paris. Je prie pour vous. 3

There is no excuse for unecessary violence. If you're conflicted, fine, but don't involve others. Stay safe, Paris. We hope for the best

Paris cries n bleeds #ParisAttacks my heart goes out for you #Mumbai and have seen it been thru it..

Let us pray for paris! So sad..

My wife and I had the best Chinese food ever in #Paris   The best pizza. I had great paella in the food court in the Louvre #ParisAttacks

My thoughts and prayers are currently with the folks of Paris. Stay safe, and if you see something, say something! #ParisAttacks

breaking news One of Paris attackers mentioned French military action in Syria: witness

the paris attacks were done by Al quaedacas far as im aware

U are a fool at best. once I see peaceful muslims demonstrating against what happen in Paris I believe you.

Multiple attacks in Paris  Some intense photos here.. worst part about it is the execution style killings. #fresheyes

As it was probably happening, one of my best friends  her mum booked to go to Paris in less than a month without knowing what was going on

At least 3 of the dead attackers at Bataclan theatre blew themselves up - French media quoting police  -BBCBreaking

Resources: background information for the Paris attacks  via wordpressdotcom

#DemDebate Ask Them if they Support Fast Track of Syrian Refugees to turn U.S into Paris?#immigration #WakeUpAmerica  #TheDemocrats

pic from :: from sensual heart of BKK to the terror of Paris - Jesus weeps over r cities :: #WeepPray

I think we all need to give a minute without tweeting for the country of France. Bless Paris.

#AP reports alll #attackers believed to be dead. Why does that bring so little solace? #parisattack #standwithFrance

Over 150 people dead. Head of Paris police says all attackers dead. Pray for Paris #ParisAttacks

Paris attack again proves terror can strike anytime, anyplace. Feel sorry for all the innocent lives who paid price for global terrorism

Heart goes out to those in Paris tonight. The darkness in this world breaks my heart #ParisAttacks

All my prayers for people in Paris. I can't imagine this violence it does make sense. #Pray4Paris

my heart is breaking..not only for the innocent civilians of Paris but the innocent Muslims who will be targeted after this. I'm so sorry

Just because this was tweeted after #CharlieHebdo, it doesn't mean you're any less of a dick. #ParisAttacks #paris

My prayers go out to everyone in Paris. Reading all the posts about what's going on is truly heartbreaking.

Some of the attackers in the #ParisAttack were wearing explosive belts. #sabcnews

Praying for Paris residents and the French people.

Does anyone else in #WestMtAiry  #Philly  hear #fireworks? (man I hope they're fireworks, the events in Paris have me paranoid).

Our thoughts and prayers are with you, Paris. May the Lord comfort the families in mourning and may our prayers

The time has come to protect our businesses and homes, #SecureAndDefend #Paris #ParisAttack #SecurityConsultants #security #Bataclan

Shocking news to wake up to! Thoughts are with people in Paris! #PrayforParis -- Chennai Super Kings

((I haven't seen the news all day. I've seen people talking about Paris but I didn't know what happened.))

what happened in paris? Everybody is talking about it but i dont know what there talking abou Please tell me

Thoughts and prayers to the victims and families of the horrific attacks in Paris.

Kante what is going on in the city of Paris, #prayforparis

Our prayers go out to all in Paris right now.

Overcome with grief with the events that have occurred in the country I have come to call second home. Pray for Paris

People dying in Paris, this is crazy. It's about get real out here.

Thoughts and prayers to all in Paris. Just doesn't make Sense

Deep condolence for all victims on paris attack, be strong and let's kick terrorism out of the world.. #Respect #PrayForParis

This Paris situation pisses me off so much, it is the main reason I am joining the military, if Obama takes in people, this will happen here

im soo confused about whats going on in paris rn

Paris attacks: shootings and explosions leave at least 158 dead // what crap!!

Oh my gawd I'm so afraid of going out because of this terrible terrorist attack here #ParisAttacks . Pray for Paris.

STOP POSTING PICTURES OF PARIS, THE POLICE SAID NOT TO BC IT SHOWS POLICE POSITIONING PASS IT ON

Paris Police report all attackers are dead. #BreakingNews #ParisUnderAttack

Been offline for much of today, just heard about Paris. Absolutely horrific  tragic. Praying for everyone in Paris tonight.

So disturbin' !!wat has happened in Paris. Wat is the world coming to.. wat to prove through the violence.. #PrayForParis #sucked

My thoughts  prayers goout 2 everyone affected by the horrific attacks in Paris today #prayforParis #deeplysaddened

You ignorant people. Stop saying Muslim people are to blame for what happened in Paris! Stop stereotyping!

Paris police says all attackers are believed to be dead

on FOX: Drunk former FBI James Kallstrom blames US sanctuary cities for Paris attacks; says not enough people have died in US  #ParisAttacks

why are my facebook friends marking themselves as safe from the Paris attack?? dude ure not even there?? this is not a joke

Paris. Muslim influx planned. Now populace in West will clamor for middle east invasion. Military Industrial complex WINS!#FeelTheBern

The Latest: 100 dead in Paris attack  Ah, yes, let's bring in more Islamists. Is this what we want?

#USA #News: Attorney General Loretta Lynch Delivers Statement On Paris Attacks: NPR discusse  via

#Prayers4Paris heart broken over the tragedy of Paris and the fears and hurt

In touching tribute, French students sing national anthem at NYC vigil for Paris victims: French  via

everyone joining in unity to see the well being of those in Paris and Japan is beautiful #Paris #preyforparis #PrayForJapan

France beat world champions Germany in a match overshadowed by a series of attacks in Paris.:  via

I stand with France, as France has stood with my country in pain. My heart aches for Paris, for France.

Wtf goin on in Paris !  Shocking evil . Thoughts with all victim's.

My heart is broken Im sending love and prayers for Paris.#prayforparis

Who is behind the terrorist attack in Paris ?

Thoughts  Prayers for Paris. And for our friends touring in Europe right now. Safe travels.

My heart goes out to all affected by the tragedy in Paris :(

Retweeted All India Radio News Strongly condemn terrorist attacks in Paris, India stands

Trump is sounding a little bit more appealing with his deportations and wall building now after Paris.

My heartfelt prayers are with you Paris. What's happened is vile and disgusting.

Paris attack delays Lafayette High students exchange trip

Sincere condolences to those in Paris and their loved ones. Such a tragedy.

Paris is the result of only bad guys being able to possess guns.

Thoughts go out to the people of Paris tonight and those visiting the beautiful city. There is no place in the world for this devastation.

Australian resident Caitlin Thomas speaks from Paris

Turns out not to be necessary. Have deloomed, beaten hell out of it, now drying. Can't sleep because of the Paris thing.

My friend, who recently returned from Paris, feels it stems from the Syrian refugee issue. We must be vigilant. #prayers

Are you fffing kidding me faux news is already blaming the Obama administration for the tragedy in Paris

First thing I see the moment I wake up is about an attack in Paris, this is extremely upsetting.

Pray for Paris! So awful what happened there. We must rise up and stop Isis now! #ParisAttacks #StopISIS #IslamIsTheProblem

Prayers with those families of the victims in Paris.

Please pray for Paris France ! Terrorists are going crazy over there !

You're being just as insensitive by promoting MITAM and nit giving a shit about what's happening in Paris. Pathetic.

My Prayers and thoughts go out to all the people in Paris and across the world right now. What a tragedy. terrorism has no religion

All this shit going on in Paris and Japan, and people still complaining about Rejacked and the Shieva.. Smh. #priorities

My heart is hurting for all the people of Paris.  God be with all of you. #ParisAttacks

Crystal Palace star safe following Paris terrorist attack fears

our thoughts are with Paris and all those who perished. #Prayers4Paris

My Heart is always w/ the ppl of France  Paris.My lovely avi is my pic of Venus De Milo 2 yrs ago #Paris

for those with friends in Paris, today was terrifying. people dear to me are in danger. it's scary. but now is when God is needed most.

Literally I'm in tears with what is happing in Paris. #PrayForParis

Lectura escalofriante: Witness accounts from across Paris 'I saw my final hour unfurl before me'

Another very nice gesture. But I guess most of the world feels with Paris tonight despite this gestures.

Just woke up  heard that in Paris are more than 120 people are dead! Wtf is happening with the world? #PrayForParis

Thoughts and prayers are with Paris right now. How do we stop this insanity? #Paris #NotAfraidParis

WITH VIDEO | Paris attacks: Justin Trudeau says terrorist attacks 'deeply worrying'  #cdnpoli #hw

In retaliation for what happened in Paris, The French should execute all Camels and Goat to halt Muslim procreation.

This is irrelevant to the bombing and shootings in Paris or the Tsunami in Japan.

We could send our condolences to the people affected in Paris, but bitching about a stupid red cup is far more important.

Let us pray for those affected in Paris today. Let this also be a wake up call for the world and pray for an end to terrorism.

Our thoughts are with all of those affected by the tragic events in Paris today.

correction* who cares about an album when there were hundreds of people killed today in paris

Although I can't physically do much, my heart and thoughts go out to Paris. Stay strong; these are dark times, but others stand behind you.

Paris, you're in our prayers. #PRayforParis  xoxo

Heartbreaking. I can't imagine the grief, both in Paris and in Beirut tonight.

RIP to all the victims that died in that massacre in Paris! Prayers go out to friends and family!! When are we gonna do somethig about isis?

Check out 20/20's special hour of coverage of the Paris attacks, coming up at 9pm on KSPR.  #ParisAttacks

Thoughts and prayers for those ppl who R involved in this brutal attack in Paris.. #Paris #ParisAttack

Liars: I swear this Paris thing has just hit me at an improper mood. Sharing pictures, praying, pie in the sky

Tonight, we pray for the people of Paris and mourn with our French allies. #ParisAttacks

Community is as much emotion, as it is physical place. Tonight our hearts are in Paris. #peaceforparis

It's lovely to see everyone standing with Paris but remember that Islam is not the cause of this. Do not blame Muslim people for this.

Y'all not even praying for Paris just posting for retweets.

My mother doesn't even know what's happening in Paris and my generation is uninformed?

4 attackers killed, 3 were wearing explosive belts, reports CNN #ParisAttacks

#Prayers4Paris being such an admirer of live music I can't even imagine something like this happening stay strong Paris Canada is with you

I've been in the dark all day about this Paris attack. My heart goes out to them.

Stay strong Paris! All my love to you together we will prevail terrorism is losing all the way#FranceUnderAttack #France

My heart breaks for those in Paris. You're in our thoughts and prayers. #PrayForParis

The university's international security team says the students in Paris are in a good place and will be taken care of.

In pics: Paris hit by multiple attacks

Ya'll better put that pray for Paris filter on your snap story ASAP

all prayers go to Paris tonight. #prayforparis

Hope people in Paris stay safe and strong. #PrayForParis

I'm going to hug my mother and tell her that I love her, I'm going to pray for the people of Paris, even though

well what happened I Paris today just assured a republican president in 2016

Those of you who have refrained from tweeting your theories about Paris,  you are my people. I applaud your restraint.

Praying for Paris. Praying for France. Praying for the state of this world!

Russell Crowe and Hugh Jackman lead Prayer for Paris victim support on Twitter - Daily Mail: Daily MailRussell

Our prayers are with those in Lebanon and Paris.

I'm very sad about Paris. I have friends there, and I've spent time there. But it's not my grief. It's not about me at all.

Praying for Paris.. But scary that shit can happen here again in NYC. .. At a concert, sporting event, anywhere. Very scary

How the hell did these attackers snooped automatic guns inside the concert hall? This is Strange #ParisAttacks

I pray for the people who lives in Paris#Prayers4Paris

Thoughts and deepest condolences go out to the victims of and those affected by the Paris Attacks. #PrayForParis

please fam in paris, stay safe and be with your families. im sending all my love to you

Paris, Teror Bom, dan Friday the 13th #PrayForParis #ParisAttacks

RIP to all those who have lost their lives on brutal terrorists attack in Paris. #PARISATTAK

Prayers for the tragic events in Paris, for those who have died, and for those who mourn.

Our thoughts are with Paris. Facebook has activated their safety check feature to check on loved ones #PorteOuverte

thoughts  prayers are with everyone in paris tonight. may you find safety tonight  may the victims rest in peace.

I'm so saddened by the tragedy in Paris. My thoughts and prayers are with the people in France. #PrayForParis #TerrorismHasNoReligion

regramNot the night for silly live comedy. Thoughts and love to all in Paris.

Devasting news. My thoughts with the people of Paris. #prayforparis #whenwillitend

Paris Rocked by Explosions and Deadly ShootingsMore than 100 people were killed and dozens were wounded in at

My heart goes out to Paris and all those affected by the attacks. So senseless and sad. #Paris

the power of Social Media capturing videos of paris' chaos

my heart goes to all the victims and families of terror attack in paris #PrayForParis

You're as wrong as DeRay. A Swaztika aimed at Jews, not blacks, versus 150 people murdered in Paris. You can't be real.

Palm Desert Rock Band Caught Up In Paris Terror Attacks - CBS Local

Im reading a lot of thing on here about an attack in paris? Whats going on? D: my thoughts go out to any-one  affected by the event! :(

What if it was actually the US killing a bunch of ISIS members in Paris? Preventing an attack. Too early to tell but it could have happened.

It's sickening to see what this world is coming to. Prayers to all the families affected in Paris.

Pray for Paris. Pray for Humanity. Pray for Peace.

After this, public venues in Paris will start hiring armed guards. There's a little loss of innocence every time.

I've known many peaceful Muslims, but I feel that by definition THEY are the true radicals. Islam calls for death like in Paris

Praying for all those in Paris, especially victims and their families.  #PrayforParis

U2 cancels Paris concert in the wake of deadly attacks

with the horror in Paris, the EU situation overall, Trump sounds better and better, everyday

Paris: Some shooters still at large #Paris #ParisAttacks

peacefull religion person killed 160 people in Paris France..

How Come Barkha Dutt is not there in paris ? may be she sent some her friends. Bcoz lot of Syria Supporter are dead.

Brutal Muslim Terror Attack In Paris France Leaves 140+ Dead, 100 Hostages Taken | Now The End Begins

Was this poor refuge?BREAKING: Dozens Killed, 100 Hostages Held In Paris After 2 Suicide Bombers Exploded In Attacks

Paris is on the first mandatory curfew since 1944 when the Nazis occupied. Holy shit.

Pray for Paris I don't see why a group of people would attack innocent humansWHAT HAS THIS WORLD COME TO??!!???

Facebook's #SafetyCheck Lets You Locate Loved Ones in Paris -

Didn't hear about Paris till I look on Twitter. But #prayforparis

If you're an American  your first reaction to the Paris attacks was to find a political cause to blame it on, you're part of the problem

Paris hasn't been on lock down since 1944 when the Nazis attempted to invade think about that for a second.

These Paris attacks disgust me. My mind goes to dark places when evil persists in these ways. God Bless the ones who have died today

My heart is breaking for Paris tonight. The world is such a scary place.

What happened today in Paris was just wrong!!killing all those innocent people what's wrong with the world !?

Paris Attacks Force U2 to Cancel Live HBO Broadcast: U2 have been forced to cancel their sc  #classicrock #rock

fuck you if you're using this Paris attack for a couple retweets. you know who you are, fuck you

Feeling for Paris today, #PrayForParis scary news to wake up to #ParisAttacks

It's hard to believe what our world has come to. My heart goes out to everyone in Paris #PrayForParis

Obama on TV right now speaking about the Paris attack, he should just shut up he's a Muslim loving son of a b**** come on quick draw a line.

Pray for Paris but also the country's that have to endure this kind of torture everyday of there life's.

So sad to hear bad news about paris attack.,lets pray for paris and for all the victims..

Pray for Paris. Pray humanity. This world can be so evil. Unplugging from social for the weekend! Tell your friends + family you love them!

#Guitar #Music Bataclan Attendees Describe Horror of Terrorist Attack: As the tragic sc

Thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in Paris tonight and all those affected by this tragedy.

Bono  Band had planned Paris shows Sat/Sun-U2 'Devastated' by Paris Shootings, Cancel HBO Concert  via

Just Heard a report that a member of the SoCal band playing at the Bataclan tonight died in the attack.

DISARMED citizens say Paris gunmen had plenty of time to RELOAD over and  via

all my condolences go out to everyone in Paris #PrayForParis

The u.s kills jihadi John from a drone strike then an attack happens in Paris

U2 Cancels Sold-Out Paris Concert, HBO Broadcast After Deadly Terrorist Attacks: 'We hope and pray that all of our fans in Paris are

Pray 4 Paris, y'all better pray we don't have an WWIII..

Paris bombing and Lebanon bombing are barbaric evil acts to frame Islam for pleasing the Luciferian agenda!

this is Paris in January. Paris right now is mostly deserted streets

Paris+attacks:+Taxi+drivers,+householders+offer+shelter+to+stranded+strangers+with+#PorteOuverte  via abcnews

Dozens Dead After Paris Terrorist Attack, France Under State of Emergency | D.E.B. TRAVEL with Rosemary Brossard

Hearing about the news in Paris is just so sad

Paris is such a wonderful place. Yet still NO place in this world, no matter how beautiful it is, deserves to be attacked. #PrayForParis

I know about the bombing in Paris but can anyone link what happened more on detail?

Praying for everyone I know in Paris to be safe rn, and peace for everyone.  Lost for words. #Prayers4Paris

my thoughts and prayers are going out to the families who may have lost someone tonight in the #ParisAttacks #Paris #PorteOuverte

I'm working on organizing an emergency NJHS meeting create a program to help Paris. #ParisAttack

so sad everything that's going on in the world today, my prayers go out to the families in paris and japan

And my poor ass wanted to hang out in Paris tomorrowsmh

Such a tragic moment in Paris right now! My thoughts are out them #prayforparis

the people of Paris need actions of peace and compliance from the public. be there to enforce the law and provide a service to help them.

Paris  terror attacks. Sad and bewildered at the continued and increasing insanity of killing people to correct or get justice.

11:11 For everyone in Paris, Lebanon and Japan to be fine and OK.#PrayForTheEntireWorld

Paris attack RETALIATION for JIHADI JOHN's DEATH?   #CNN #NYT #ABC #FOX #NBC #WSJ #CBS #MSNBC #AP #WWP #IAVA #DAV

Dear Paris: On behalf of my country, please accept my apologies for the behavior of conservative Republicans.  #UglyAmericans #ParisAttacks

Join us tonight as we pray for those in Paris. #prayforparis

Never been to paris and i think its a beautiful city. So sad #PrayForParis

R.I.P. those 120 people who died in Paris. And to those who are alive but injured, good luck. Recover soon. :( #ParisAttacks #Paris

God bless all the people in Japan and Paris #PrayForJapan #Prayers4Paris #PrayForPeace #PrayForEveryone

my heart goes out to everyone in paris right now, and anyone else in danger. stay strong. #paris

Praying for everyone in Paris.  May God's grace give you peace as you go through this difficult time. #Paris

Wow. Just returned home and learned the world has gone mad. Thoughts and prayers with Paris.

May all our thoughts and prayers be with France and Paris tonight in the wake of these terrible attacks.

They Propped them, trained them, nurtured them  Paris suffered #ISIS #Syria #ParisAttacks #IsThereGood/BadTerrorism?NO

paris has some like bombs and ppl being killed ..just look it for the full story

Prays out to Paris. Terrible news. I hope everyone states safe

But since y'all praying for paris might as well pray Baghdad.. Beirut, Japan.

Proud of BC Place for their respectful moment of silence for the victims in Paris. Other fan bases should take notes #respect #CanMNT

Attacks like in Paris are another reason we should spread the love and forget the hate! May those lost RIP. 3 If you read this, I love you.

Saddened and sickened by the terrorist attacks in Paris.  Let us all offer up a prayer for the French people tonight.

Are you really using the Paris attacks as fodder for pushing your own political agenda? #Pathetic #Disgusting #SeriouslyFuckedUp

Praying for Paris My sister was there a week ago. I don't want to think about what might have happened to her.

I thought this fandom was better. How dare you guys say to focus on mitam over the hurting of Paris. How dare you be so inconsiderate

Prayers for Paris and all those injured and involved.

So sad to see what has happened to Paris as well

Muslims will be blamed for the Paris attack. Even if the terrorists aren't Muslims.

Oh my god! Just heard what happened in Paris! This is fucking heart breaking #prayingforparis

Much love to the victims and the families of the victims in Paris.

Praying for the victims in paris. Trying not to question the will of god, feels demonic to me.

Paris under attack by terrorists, more than 150 killed #ParisAttacks Read more at:

Dear World, please level up your game. Between Paris and Japan, it's a bloody bad day. Pray for peace and relief; act if possible, too.

Sincere condolences on your lost in this horrific tragedy, Paris. :(

i feel sick from this paris incident. its disgusting:/

Thoughts and love go out to the people involved in the attack in Paris, very sad

Instead of only praying for Paris, can we pray for World Peace?

My love and thoughts goes out to everyone involved in the Paris incident, stay safe everyone x

Folks in Paris needing somewhere safe to stay: use #PorteOuverte to find kind Parisians opening their homes

Our thoughts and prayers to the families that lost loved ones today in Paris. So tragic. #PrayForParis

Saw Eagles of DM open for the Strokes in 2004. Shows have always been a haven of bliss for me and so many others. Thoughts are with Paris

Am watching 20/20 Paris Under Attack - Live. Am so sad for the tragic losses in France. My thoughts are with you. #Paris

Love your new pic KK! So sad tonight with what happened in Paris - literally I am in tears

Also for this hour is doing 1 hour special report on the attacks, and is doing a special right now on #ParisAttacks.

My thoughts and prayers go out to all those effected by the attacks in Paris and their families and friends. #PrayForParis

Paris has lost its city's catchphrase, it's not even a city of love anymore.

Dear Isis is still here  still in Paris for sure. News  law enforcement needs to keep looking now

To all my friends in Paris.I hope you are all safe and sound. I'm seeing the safe check-ins come in. Please

Paris will always have my heart. #prayforparis (Photo taken in Dec 2013)

The Paris incident is crazy. Thoughts are with the victims and their families.

Deeply sadden with the Paris News! We are heading towards where ? Thoughts and prayer for the people of Paris . #Prayers4Paris

'It was a bloodbath'- Paris is victim in vicious terror attacks  via

such a tragedy to hear about the attacks in Paris #PrayForParis

Heart is breaking for Paris tonight. Prayers to the best city in the world.

Sadden by the events in Paris tonight.  Love and healing to Paris and all those touched by this tradegy. #Prayers4Paris

When xenophobes start using Paris attacks as reason to villify asylum-seekers, remember that this is exactly what most are trying to flee.

Today has been a busy day at the Simply Paris Frisco location. Getting ready for for the harvest open house tomorrow. Are you coming?

Strongly condemn the Paris attacks but with the hordes of Arab people streaming into Europe this catastrophe will only be repeated elsewhere

At least 153 people killed in Paris.  The people who did this are absolute monsters and they don't deserve to live on Earth.

Not just Paris but also Japan, Beirut, and Baghdad.

Our prayers go to friends and families in Paris.

My prayers go out to everyone in Paris right now, this is crazy  #PrayForParis

We condemned any terror attackswe pray for the soul of 140 people killed in Paris.. :(#PrayForParis

Why do Muslims try to cover up the evil teachings of Islam? Paris was an attack fueled by the Qurans sick and twisted words.

Breaking:At least 140 dead in Paris attack. 5 attackers also killed.

Watched CNN for 3 hrs. Paris = horrible. time for a break Disney channel Star Wars Rebels Returning balance to the force.

My heart breaks for Paris. Be safe. Keep loving. #ViveLaFrance

To all in France we are keeping you in our prayers #Paris #France #TerrorAttacks #ParisAttacks

Please join us in praying for all those affected by today's attacks in Paris. #PrayForParis

Please send thoughts out to the people of Paris and for the families of the deceased #thinkingofparis

That's the Charlie Hebdo rally, not tonight. Paris is under curfew

New York 9/11, Bali 10/12, Paris 11/13. Why ? #PrayForParis

KNOW WE ARE PRAYING FOR THE PEOPLE OF PARIS!

So, if every citizen in Paris had been armed, nobody would have died. Right?

Even with all the tragedy going on in Paris, you know there is still some struggle rapper online still promoting his wack mixtape. #notcool

Prayers with Paris tonight.. We need to unite as a nation, unite as a world and kick terrosism's ass

New: French Officials Say Death Toll In Paris Attacks Could Exceed 120

Devastated to hear about horrific events in Paris. Thoughts and condolences with all involved xx

via Statement from Secretary of Defense Ash Carter on the Paris Attacks:   #SOT #HonorThem #SOV

The #GOP making the attacks in Paris, into a political agendaCan you not? Seriously? What's wrong with all of you?

Paris!!! Such anger, so much madness and pain. Wishing peace prevails.

I'm just sitting here on my couch, having some drinks, and I feel bad that the shit in Paris is happening, but I can't fathom (Cont.)

#PrayForParis .. one day paris had attacked by terrorists and all the people felt sad about it .. yes of course it's sad !

My prayers got out to Paris I just learned of what Happen ..The more i hear the less i want too It makes

paris france in my heart :( why are some people evil

Prayers not only for the people in Paris but also the people around the world who are suffering from HUNGER and WAR.

Much love and blessings and prayers and peace coming to you all in Paris, and the whole of France.  I am so sorry for your losses.

I'd like to take a moment from my tour and send my payers to those in Paris. May peace find its way

My heart and prayers go out to all the people in Paris #Prayers4Paris

Sickening that humans can act like such animals. Stand strong Paris

Made it. Only listened to NPR/BBC about the tragic news in Paris the entire way. It's difficult to keep listening.

At least 120 dead in the Paris attacks. My thoughts and prayers go out to those in the city #PrayForParis

Anti Modi forces in India and abroad won't condemn Paris attack.

I love my wife and son, but when she tells me she wants to watch CupCake Wars on TV instead of watching the Paris stuff ,WTF! lol seriously?

Instead of bitching about a red cup - PRAY for the families of those in Paris #Paris

#ParisAttacks and still they relate to terrorists - muslim  Allah knows everything. All my prayers to Paris !

The victims in Paris are in my prayers tonight.

Paris witness: Simon Kuper in Stade de France -   via  Poignant grief-stricken essay

BREAKING: Paris Again Under Attacks, 150+ Killed, ISIS Claims Responsibilities -

My sincerest thoughts are with everybody in Paris/France at the moment. This is heartbreaking

Praying4the people who lost loved ones in the terror attacks in Paris 2day.  May the souls of the faithful departed RIP.The Daily Bread News

when did I say you didn't care for Paris? When did I say that Muslims weren't victimized? Not once did I state those claims

The worst scenario has happened in Paris. Would things been different if 1 or 2 people in the crowd had pistols for defense? #prayforparis

that simple fact is a tribute to human progress and the strength we have to overcome horrors like what we saw today in Paris

Strongly condemn terrorist attacks in Paris, my heart goes out to its people!  #paris_attack Heartfelt condolences to every one trapped :(

Please Share #ParisAttack  #PrayForParis  Paris Helpline number +33 (0) 145558000  and INDIAN Embassy - 0033140507070

[The Age World] Paris attacks: terror inside Le Bataclan concert hall as gunmen open fire: Benjamin Cazenoves

#BarackObama #Obama Obama vows to bring those responsible for Paris attacks to justice: A som  #UniteBlue #Tcot

Don't use the evil in Paris to push your agenda. Have some fucking respect! #Paris #Peace

2/2 We Condemn brutal killing of innocent lives in Paris today by Terrorists. We stand with Paris in this very painful moment #A3Apparel

cancels #Paris concert which was going to air live on tomorrow night. #ParisAttacks

I was pretty sad about the Paris Attack today and didn't think anything would cheer me up until I just found out my best friend is in town.

CIA: ISIS may delay responsibility because more attacks to come. #Paris #ParisAttacks

Retweeted The Independent Police in Paris say they believe all the attackers are now dead

Woke up to the tragic news of Paris attacks with so many casualties; it shocked me. My thoughts  prayers are with the people of Paris.

praying not just for paris, but for the whole world. terrorism has no religion.

Tucson Events : The Latest: Al Gore suspends broadcast of Paris event

It's really horrible and terrifying what's going on in Paris. Everyone please #PrayforParis

I'm not even gonna lie and tell you I'm praying for Paris

GUARDIAN: Paris attacks: 35 killed and 100 taken hostage after shootings and explosions  - Fra  #Northumberland

I absolutely HATE when people use tragedies such as the one in Paris, to push their opinions on gun control.

Yes what is happening? Attacks in Paris no one knows what happened. News on repeat. Very surreal.

paris was attacked .. omg , that is so scary

First time going to the Philharmonic tonight. In light of the events in Paris, it was a reminder that humans are capable of great things.

California-based band caught up in Paris attacks

this Paris shooting  all this stuff going on honestly scares me, it's just horrible what this world is coming to #Prayers4Paris

my friend is french and all her family lives by and in paris and shes like freaking out so badly. i feel so bad. :((

there were mass shootings and suicide bombers in Paris

Paris, France. You're in my prayers.

Very sad to hear what happened in Paris.Praying for safety of people.#Paris

At Least 153 Killed In Gunfire, Blasts In FranceSL Nationals Can Call On 0112445264, 0033155733131 To Find Out About ur Loved Ones In Paris

We urge all to pray for those in Paris and for people in pain every where so that we humans heal ourselves!

Sending Prayers To Paris: Terrorist Shootings and Explosions Leave at

When I was in Paris all I had was a Nextel  a digital cameradifferent era.

At least 153 dead in Paris terrorist attack. Waiting for Imam Obama to characterize it as workplace violence.

#Paris attacks: Bataclan  other assaults leave many dead  #news #ParisAttacks

New York stands with Paris in 'solemn solidarity'   |

Good Morning! Plsss Pray For Paris!#ALDUBHappyBdayLOLA

Singapore raises alert level in wake of Paris attacks: Shanmugam: SINGAPORE: The Republic has raised its alert

Chaos and horror described after Paris rock concert attack - Several heavily armed attackers storm Paris concer

Yeah, I used to live in Boston (and in Paris), so I've done this whole thing before. And family in NY during 9/11.

Paris, approximately 2 hours ago. Yes!

I will, however, take this tweet to send my thoughts and lots of love to those affected in Paris.

Here are the most horrible tweets about the Paris tragedy.   Remember there was no ISIS before Bush invaded Iraq.

What's the possibility that Paris was a false flag attack?

Shocking, awful news re the incidents in Paris. My thoughts are with all involved and with our friends  colleagues there.

Moment of silence for those affected by the terrorist attacks today in Paris. Palm Desert-Silverado ready to kickoff.

For those we lost in PARIS. We all suffer when innocent lives are taken away by EVIL!

No human being, who remains human can hurt another, without hurting himself first, for we are but ONE. God Heal Paris.

Hearts and minds everywhere wishing the best for those affected in Paris. It's a tragedy. #ParisAttacks

I can't look at all this Paris stuff. It makes me LIVID.

Just now seeing the things about Paris. Wow.

Thoughts and prayers to those in Paris. Much sadness. #ParisAttacks

left an inspiring conference to find unthinkable pain. paris baghdad beirut my heart is with you

The map of tonight's multiple attacks in Paris:

Feeling scared for my friends in Paris. I can't get them on phone.

If you have a friends from paris even online friends in paris you must ask about them and #PrayForParis

Our thoughts and prayers are with you and all people in Paris  #PrayForParis #PrayForHumanity

American Tourist in Paris Describes Hearing Shooting During Attack  via

My deepest sympathy to the families of terror attack victims in Paris, France. May their souls rest in peace!#ParisAttacks

There is something a bit repulsively self absorbed about all these Instagram posts on Paris during such a godawful moment.

so sorry for the people of Paris - so much lost this night #cowardssuck

Beautifully said. We love you Paris. #Pray4Paris

I'm consuming The Attacks in Paris: What Happened at Each Location

Additional note: it seems the Calais refugee camp fire did actually occur tonight, but no relation to the events in Paris is suspected.

#TWiS Swedish mainstream media decided to blame metal music for Paris event (no decent translation yet)

Our heart goes out to those in Paris whose lives were affected by the acts of terrorism.

Paris is one of my favorite cities, I'm praying for #peace for #France and for all those who have died during

I guess you didn't see the several tweets he already made about Paris?

Things that happen like what happened in paris makes me wish i were a superhero.

Our thoughts go out to the people in Paris today #prayforparis RG jean_jullien

This the most I've ever seen people talking about Paris

Retweeted ABS-CBN News JUST IN: Eight militants killed in Paris attacks: investigation source | via #PrayForParis

Does he look sad about what happened in Paris to you?

Oh god what a tragedy..PrayForParis..Stay strong Paris.

Some people have terrible hearts man prayers for those people in Paris.

#PrayForParis There's literally terrorist surrounding the city, we need to go to war, Paris would do the same 4 us

Eagles of Death Metal band performing in Paris reporting to have escaped and all band members are safe.

Say what needs said. Do what needs done. Love the life you live. The Paris attacks could happen anywhere at anytime.

Praying for Paris and all of its people heavily.

reminder dont just pray for Paris but pray for the whole world

My heart hurts. Praying peace over Paris.

More than 150 dead in multiple attacks across Paris: Several attacks rocked Paris on Friday night, with authorities reporting multipl

U.S. presidential candidates tweet condolences to victims of Paris attacks: U.S. Democratic and Republican pre

MY AUNT IS COMING HERE FROM ITALY NEXT MONTH BUT ITS NOT A DIRECT FLIGHT AND SHES GOING TO STOP IN PARIS AND IM SCARED

Friends in Paris are safe. Pray for those who are going through this horrible tragedy.

people need to know though. im not sending hate at all i'm sending my deepest prayers for paris. but people need to pray +

Ok for me but I'm praying for Paris tonight. :'(

#a29dallas statement on Paris attack this evening. Reading Revelation 22 in French.  #healthyleaders #prayforparis

On blaming asylum seekers for Paris attacks:

Don't know why people use the Paris situation to argue the correctness of different views on oppression, when it's a chance to come together

Nice touch on the Paris flag in Dallas

Douchebags at #Mizzou complaining about the 120 people murdered in Paris taking away from their protests can fuck off

Americans in Paris see dark page of history  via USA Today

Live at 11 on #CBS2: The attacks in Paris hit very close to home for many French New Yorkers. They are heartbroken.

Our thoughts and prays are with all our Beneteau friends and colleagues in France LIVE Terror in Paris: About

if you don't have tv and are not having luck with coverage of Paris updates via US sources,  seems to be good

Our heartfelt prayers with the people of Paris.  #ParisAttacks

Lord Jesus, come quick. Praying for Paris.

Very very shocking!! Such a terrible news to receive early morning. Stay strong Paris, the world is with you! #ParisAttacks

tonight in Paris hit very close to home  and I'm sad and drained and the world is terrible

I'm not so sure about all the prayers for Paris, my favourite city, as religion is the base cause of the

we're talking Panado and diabetes on while one of the biggest news events of our time unfolding in Paris

Keeping Paris in my thought and prayers

Tonight in light of PARIS won the nomination. Now DT needs to fight OBAMA, HILLARY AND ISIS!

I choose the Arc de Triumph to honor Paris. We can triumph over terrorism if we act rather than appease. #Paris

Let's pause for a while as we pray for the souls of those who died in the recent Paris terror attacks. #PrayForParis

My boys, I'm scared like f**k right now about what's happening in Paris right now#Prayers4Paris

France under a state of emergency after Paris attacks: more than 100 killed in shootings, explosions  #

I think AC is on his way to Paris because AC2 in Columbus, OH tomorrow was postponed.

So sad to hear about the #ParisAttacks Stay strong and don't lose hope in humanity #Paris

Hypocrite. Just be happy so many people are giving support to Paris.

Praying for Paris, especially for all my friends in the city.

Marie I am with you. Tonight I am not retweeting anything political on the Paris attacks, just praying.

At least 158 killed in multiple terror attacks in Paris, emergency declared: Paris: Gunmen and bombers on Frid

TRRPS(14%2 T Kapus/Reddys, Agriculture Emergency etc) condemns terror attack on Paris killing 150.Sympathies 2..

it's heartbreaking to hear what's going on in Paris right now #Pray4Paris

My thoughts are with everyone in Paris right now. Absolutely awful.

Heartbroken. It's a tough world to be human. Paris, an unshakeable city, shaken.

I wish I can contribute more to Paris at the moment than just a tweet but,Paris you have my prayers and everyone is with you on this tragedy

Paris attacks: terror inside Le Bataclan concert hall as gunmen open fire -   via smh

We should condemn the inhumane actions of those people responsible for the lost lives of the innocent civilians in Paris. #PrayForParis

Hundreds killed in Paris terror attacks: President Francois Hollande declares emergency, nobilises army   #news

Sky News is brilliant. They appear to be dialling random people in Paris and asking if they are watching the news.

It's not just any attack on Paris but an attack to Humanity.

for anyone who may have a loved one/know someone who has a loved one in Paris:

I can honestly say I have never been so sober in my life. Every thought is going to Paris.

Kinda wanted to vacation in Paris one day, kinda don't wanna do that now

Rise Against played at that same theatre in Paris this day one year ago.. #Pray4Paris

You can donate money to Paris without having to use it as an incentive to watch your video. Good cause, but you use as click bait

Paris attacks: At least 153 killed in gunfire and blasts, French officials say   -   PRAYER NEED.

Attackers in Paris now believed to be dead.

good game tonight big guy. Prayers for Paris for sure.

I was planning on going to Paris in May for the 1st time. Now I want to go even more. Not going to let these f***s win by instilling fear.

if you make Paris jokes you're getting blocked.

The fact that Republicans are already making snarky remarks about Paris does not surprise me, they feed of death and destruction

between the large scale #NU2Mizzou protest on campusthe terrorist attacks in paris, 11/13/15 is definitely a day to remember.

The world is becoming a sicker place. Your cultural beliefs should never entail the suffering and death of others. I am praying for Paris.

My heart bleeds for my beloved Paris. My thoughts are with my friends, relatives,and the innocent victims who died tonight #Prayers4Paris

NIGGAS DIE EVERYDAY FOR NO REASON AND YALL WORRIED ABOUT PARIS?

It's unfortunate that so many good people were hurt due to the bombings and shootings in Paris #Paris #ParisAttacks

Praying for Paris. This senseless violence needs to stop!! #Prayers4Paris

No lie this whole thing with Paris and Japan and every other killing makes me intensely sad.

#NewsAlert: Pained to hear of #ParisAttacks .Words cannot adequately condemn such attacks where innocent have been killed: HM Rajnath Singh

What happened to Matsha Student and what happened In Paris is painfulGod please look this side

We are with you Paris! Our hearts break for you! #paris  #weareparisian

well said. who ever it was the extremist need stringing up. Our thoughts are with you paris . no racism just anti extremist

Our hearts are with the great city of Paris.

The CN Tower in Toronto is lit up with the red, white and blue in honor of Paris #PrayForParis

Thoughts with all in Paris.  The City of Light has come through times of darkness before.

.all these pray for Paris posts but I still can't figure out what happened

#peaceforparis  #prayersforparis   #uniteagainstterrorismBeautiful Paris stay eternal and courageous. You are a brave and enduring city.

Terror in Paris: All attack suspects involved killed, French police say.

My beautiful city Toronto for Paris

So sad and horrified by the attacks in Paris

I'm really concerned about how the events in Paris will affect Syrian refugees. The acts of few don't reflect the feelings of the majority.

Pray for Paris. Love for all the world.

Horrified by what's happened in Paris today. My heart goes out to all those affected.

Prayers For Paris, Pray for a end to hate and violence!!! Change starts with everyone, one at a time.

Hug the people you love right away. You never know what the future has in store. My thoughts are with the people of Paris.

Very sad news coming from Paris. Hoping all our friends are safe. #PrayForFrance

#PrayForParis Our hearts are with the people of Paris. Nous t'aimons France.

Paris and France as a whole needs our love and support right now. We love you. #prayforparis

USAT U.S. leagues discuss security measures after Paris attacks

Are you safe tonight? Sending thoughts to you and all in Paris tonight.

Please actually pray for those mourning in Paris.

Don't forget that a # is not the same as a real powerful prayer. Actually pray tonight. Not only for Paris but yourself. God will bless you

I took a nap and woke up to Paris devastation

ISBPL: #NEWS Over 153 dead in 6 attacks in Paris, ISIS claims responsibility: A series of attacks targe  #world

Pray for my family members in paris

I would like to express my deepest condolence to people who are affected by the Paris attack and those families #ParisAttacks

WE WEAR JUST LEARNING ABOUT CELLS IN CLASS YET NO ONE TOLD ME ABOUT PARIS

I wonder how the people of Yemen are demonstrating solidarity with Paris.

My heart aches for the world. Praying for Paris.

Damn Paris fucked up rn fam

Stay strong Paris, sending my thoughts  prayers to all those affected by these senseless acts. Be safe  know that the world is with you.

My #1 issue for the 2016 election was defined today in Paris.

shame your channel is stiolll beaming Modi UK speeches even there is Paris terror tragedy. Shame on paid reporting.

Lots of emotions coming to the surface tonight. Paris has had a piece of my heart since French Camp in 2nd grade. #ViveLaFrance

Something to remember in light of the tragedies in Paris and Beirut.

Hearing about what's happening in Paris is devastating. Keeping you in my prayers tonight. #PrayforFrance #PrayForParis

I wonder if the terrorists who attacked Paris were the terrorists Obama released from guantanomo bay.

At least 150 dead in Paris tonight.. Those responsible are a disgrace to humanity. I mourn with France over this tragedy #PeaceinParis !!

Sending love and thoughts to everyone in Paris right now. So horrible to think of

Whenever a terrorist attack happens,it is done by Muslims! World's logic :3 Prayers for Paris :) #Paris #ParisAttack

Freedom Tower in New York! We stand with Paris!

All CPS Students in Paris Are Safe and Accounted For  via

ONE LIKE IS ONE PRAYER FOR PARIS

I know there's a lot of shit going on in our world, and my thoughts go out to those went out on a Friday night in Paris, never to return.

goodnight i love u and pray for Paris man

Maybe this is not the time for fandoms to hate each others, let us give our prayers to our friends in Paris! #PrayForParis

#livetweetforcandice got Korean food but on the way back bc our parents are concerned about what happened in Paris

These Paris attacks have made me so sad. So so sad

Peace to Paris, our prayers for all

yeah my niggas in paris, and they going gorillas, haaan. #Prayers4Paris #prayforparis

Prayers for Paris 3 it's so sad how cruel people can be in this wonderful world.. #PrayersForParis

Because what's happening in Paris is sick , and because we should come together and help.

People are getting butt hurt over the fact that people are freaking out over Made in the A.M. instead of talking about Paris Hold up.

It's so terrifying to know that if we don't stop this terrorism, what is happening to Paris right now could happen here.

Irrespective of color,creed, race,religion. STOP the massacre of #innocent humans around the world. #ParisShooting #ParisAttacks #Paris

WE NEED GOD TO COMFORT THOSE WHO LOST A LOVE ONE FROM PARIS , TO ALL FILIPINOS BE SAFE#ALDUBHappyBdayLOLA

I am keeping Paris in my thoughts it's such a terrible thing to see that the world is still like this. my condolences to the families

Prayers for Paris. I cant understand why these monsters want to kill innocent people. I pray for the families of

My thoughts are with Parisians. I love Paris and I still plan on visiting in February.

#ParisAttacksGod give peace to soul of people of France who died in brutal attack same as Mumbai attack

#Prayers4Paris Right now we should focus on Paris. My heart goes out to the families in Paris and Paris. May they find

*Absolute faith corrupts as absolutely as absolute power* - We are clearly seeing the evidence in Paris.

Vessel, please be praying for the Paris shootings that happened earlier today.

Don't know what to say. Beautiful city and beautiful people. Paris, stay strong and hold no fear.  The cowards will never win.

Pray for those in Paris as they did for us 14 years ago #payforparis

Well Paris happened because of the price of oil.

Sorry but seeing that potential Paris victims are Tweeting and begging for their lives sickens me and makes this all too real

Thoughts and prayers going out to Paris. Stay strong friends.

you can hashtag and pray for paris, but you aren't helping if you don't change your mindset and confront pain

I am not nuts ! :) I am not justifying anything -Mumbai  Paris attack causes R different That's it

Only cowards carry out acts such as those in Paris. It's time to throw out rules of engagement when it comes to these savages. #Paris

Paris: City of Love, Art, Literature n Fashion, my Heart goes out for all victims, extremely sad #ParisAttacks

My heart goes out to all affected by the terrorist bombings in Paris. It's too bad a few bad people ruin it for the others.

Truth be told these attackers have no religion, no faith, no nationality and no brains. #ParisAttacks

The Paris massacre wake-up call: Either we destroy Islam, or Islam will destroy us: You may not wa  #tcot #vrwc

My uncle just left Paris yesterday, wow.. #Pray4Paris

'Is this the parody account or the real one?' Salon uses Paris terror attack to go aft..

I hope his girlfriend is okay too. Paris is her home.

The news is about to start.  Tonight we'll have team coverage on the terror in Paris.

and CWB's thoughts and prayers are with the people in Paris and France. We stand with you!!

#PrayForParis, #Fusillade trends on Twitter amid Paris attacks  via

From Paris 2012. So heartbreaking. Thinking of you #Paris.

Paris Attacks Leave More Than 100 Dead - WSJ -  PRAY PRAY PRAY and then pray some more.

MASSIVE ATTACK TERRORIZES PARIS: AT LEAST 140 DEAD

Hard story to cover, and we're thousands of miles away. My heart goes out to the people in Paris  all of France.

I hope what's happening in Paris stops and makes people realize that hatred is not right

Shocking terrorist attacks in Paris,so many innocent lives lost.

Captured attacker says ISIS was behind Paris attack, what are we waiting for?

I just woke up and I hope everyone in Paris is okay #PrayForParis

Just as you stood with us paris, we stand with you.

Just learned about the Paris Attack

What's happened in Paris is fucking heavy man, thoughts go out to all Parisians

Took this picture in December 2008. This is how Paris still appears to me: strong and beautiful. #ParisJeTaime

Useful for those in Paris and those with relatives/friends there. #PrayForParis

BBC News - Paris attacks: Bataclan and other assaults leave many dead  |This is sad

My heart goes out to all those affected by tragedy today, from Paris to Japan to Lebanon to everywhere in between. #PrayForTheWorld

#ParisAttacks When are we going to learn our lessons.. When developed nations are prone to such attacks.. How safe are our Indian cities??

I just have no words for what is going on in Paris. This whole week has been shit.

Immigration crisis, struggle vs IS in ME, Paris atrocities, Hollande's understandable rhetoric of 'pitiless war'1/2

A few million refugees that have been on the march to the EU are going to get a decidedly different welcome than they hoped for after Paris.

will you pray for paris??? my cousins live there :(

I hope everyone stays safe and I hope everyone in Paris is alright. Keep Paris in your prayers tonight

When these Muslim terrorist reach our Rocky Mountains they will be met by a hailstorm of leadprayers to those who fell in Paris tonight.

#ParisAttacks horrific brutality. Attack on humanity. We condemn this. Terrorists have no religion

To our friends in Paris tonight and around the world.

Pray for Paris, Iraq, Egypt, Libya, Lebanon,  for every other country 2 stay safe from this disease. The world is on the edge #Prayforparis

he saying that people are more worried about 1d and bieber then what's going on in Paris and that its sad

All my sympathies to the people in Paris.. You are strong! Stay strong! Wish you all the best! #Paris

Players and fans hold a moment of silence at Busch following Paris attacks  via

In Paris, #PorteOuvert. In US, #strandedinUS. In either language, shelter from the storm.

120 Killed in Paris Concert Hall 'Carnage' Time to shut down EU Utopia from terrs hiding amongst regugee seekers?

Flights to Paris are still flying.But, airlines are giving fearful passengers the option of changing/canceling.

My Puppa fought in Dieppe w the RHLI and he always spoke with such love of the kindness of the French people #sending much love to Paris

This Paris shit tragic. Prayers sent.

Information for #embassies in #Paris if you need help after the #ParisAttacks #AttaquesParis

Prayers go out to Paris!#PrayForParis Hope everybody stays safe! #ParisAttacks

Peace for Paris. Our thoughts are with you, your families  friends #pma

So saddening to hear about the Paris attacks earlier today. My thoughts go out to all of the victims and their families. #PorteOuverte

News-Update- President, Vice-President, Mohammed bin Zayed condemn Paris massacre

Horrible  heartbreaking is the attack on Paris last night.Are they humans or what??Praying for the victims!!#ParrisAttacks

My heart goes out to the people of Paris tonight as well as all of France  and all of the victims loved ones #viveparis #ViveFrance

The whole NYC on lockdown because of those attacks in Paris smh shit wild

my condolences extends to the victims of the terrorist attck in paris. #prayforparis

#Parisattack'Heartbreaking tragedy' We thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in Paris. - presstimes -

Terrible news about terrorist attacks in Paris.. Prayers for all the victims  families.. #ParisAttacks

Eagles of Death Metal, the band taken hostage with fans in Paris  via #ParisAttack #TerrorAttack

My thoughts go out to everyone affected by the tragic events in Paris today.  We need to spread love, not hate.  #PrayForParis

Devastating what happened 2day. Our thoughts  prayers go out to everyone affected by the Tragedy in Paris. #USAwithParis #ParisAttack

Paris attacks: At least 120 dead, 5 attackers 'neutralized' - CBC.ca

Deeply saddened by the events in Paris today, our hearts go out to all those that lost loved ones #prayforparis

My best goes to those in France suffering from the attacks on Paris. For more tune in to abc 2020

All prayers out to Paris sorry for your losses.. #PrayersForParis

I also want to give thanks that my family members who are currently residing in Paris and other parts of France are safe and unharmed

This on Thursday and Paris tonight this is insane and achieving nothing but creating more hatred!

Early morning the news of #ParisAttacks is really very shocking we really condemned it. Lets pray 4 the people of #Paris to emerge from it.

Thinking of Paris, the loveliest of cities, broken hearted tonight.  I grew up there, in a way, in 1967-69 (FPD

Hashtag Shows the People of Paris Coming Together to Respond to the Deadly Attacks

Suicide bombers in Paris.shootings.curfew. My God

Praying for and sending love to those in Paris.  Liberty, equality, fraternity.

What in world going on in Paris  Chi I need to say pray. Lord u still wanna go to paris

A friend in Paris used it and it was a relief to know.

The shit that's happnin in Paris scares the life oot me!

JUSTIN LED A PRAYER FOR PARIS AND JAPAN DURING HIS SOLD OUT ALBUM EVENT AT THE STAPLES CENTER. MY SWEET, KINDHEARTED BABY

Tragedies such as the ones going on in Paris gives a horrific jolt to the rest of us!

Did Hillary blame the Rock band that performed in Paris yet?

Don't worry my friends, even though I picked the worst time ever to go to Paris, I'm fine! #ParisAttacks

Jesus. U2 cancels Paris France tour because of the terrorist attacks?? Oh Jesus. #PrayForFrance

Yesterday Beirut. Today Paris. Everyday Syria, Yemen, Afghanistan, LibyaSerious global coordination is needed to fight global terrorism!

Life is short, painful, brilliant and prone to abrupt endings. Live free every moment, control is an illusion. Rip innocents of Paris

I would request please pray for the Paris victims and leave the politics for few moments

Btw Palestin pun kita concern, Paris pun kita concern. Every human beings should be treated equally guys. No offense.

Just woken up to news about Paris. Truly heartbreaking.

Earth Concert Paris cancelled: Sat/Sun Pharrell, Elton John, Hozier, Neil Young, Mumford and Sons, Walk the Moon, Thirty Seconds to Mars

My heart goes out to Paris.  What kind of evil can possess people to mindlessly execute innocents like that.  My god.

Coincidence? NYC - 11 SepBali  -  12 OctParis - 13 Oct#Paris #coincidence #FranceUnderAttack

Paris is an awful story. But on a lighter note Bill Walton had lost his fucking mind.

#travelnews Travel groups keep services to Paris open - Francois Hollande, the French president, announced imme

why banyak ppl say pray for Paris? anything happened? im so outdated

the Paris attack tonight has been the most scared I can ever remember my heart goes out to everyone  I wish humanity wasn't like this

how is that relevant to what happened to paris

It's cool if you just wanted to post a picture but don't lie and say it had anything to do with Paris.

no point praying for Paris. it's religion that's the problem.

they never had media  spotlight, that what that post was about, yall muthafuckas is sad , pray for Paris and America

Strip's Eiffel Tower dimmed in wake of Paris attacks - The High Roller wheel shined blue, white and red and the

Please pray for Paris. Many bad things have been and still are happening right now and deserve love #Prayers4Paris #PrayForParis

Florida Sexy Models U2 Cancels iNNOCENCE + eXPERIENCE Live in Paris Concert and HBO Special After Attacks

#DiMaria thought Paris was a better place than manchester.  Feel sorry for him. #prayforparis

shocked condemn attack on humanity Paris. deepest condolences to families who have been killed wish speedy recovery who have been injured.

So my uncle is in Japan where there was a 7.0 earthquake today and my aunt and cousins are in Paris.I'm freaking tf out

So heartbreakingan attack on humanity is right. We must all stand together #ParisAttacks

God bless Paris but Ibrahimovic did say he put France on the maps last week #Ibrahimovicdidthebombs

Our thoughts tonight are with Paris and its people

me still cant get over what happened in Paris. And how close it is to us in England

In one day Paris - Terrorist attacksJapan  Mexico - EarthquakeBaghdad - Foneral bombedBeirut - Suicide bombing

The Freedom tower tonight!! Paris, France, you are not alone!! #PrayForParis #ParisStrong

Retweeted L.A. Times News 24/7 U2 cancels Paris concert set for HBO special

Reports of 100+ casualties in Paris have been confirmed by CNN. Saddened and frightened to have received news of such a tragedy. #JOUR275

What happened in Paris is just another day in America.

.. today we are united to pray for Paris!  #ALDUBHappyBdayLOLA

LIVE on #Periscope: Proud #Muslim US Marine joins hands with all of you  the world as Paris hurts.

Paris Terrorist Attacks: Stars Send Prayers, Wishes: Over 150 people were killed on Friday night in Paris as

Via CNN Money Facebook activates 'Safety Check' during Paris attack: Read full story for latest details.

#Paris nightmare: This is the 11th terrorist attack in western Europe in a decade #ParisAttacks

NICE TO SEE THE WORLD'S SOLIDARITY AND LOVE FOR PARIS . NOT THAT #Mizzou BULLS**T! #ParisAttacks

Praying for Paris at this sad moment. My heart sunk when I heard. Wishing peace and love in the world.

Soccer Stadium ( 3 Explorations ) Restaurants  ATheater Were TheSites Of Attacks.Think Terrorist Organization!God Bless YouAll In Paris:-)

Woke up this morning and heard the tragic news happened in Paris. Sad for the victims of this barbaric act by terrorists. #PrayForParis

Why Paris though? That city is a treasure. I'm actually slightly more confused than appalled

SERVICE American Airlines delays Paris flights; United operates as planned

#ParisAttacks #lka No reports of Sri Lankan casualties in Paris. SL embassy in Paris in constant contact with the relevant agencies - FgnMin

Day 317 of My Quest to Blog Every Day in 2015: Paris  #ParisAttacks #Prayers4Paris

i hope all my friends and acquaintances in Paris are okay. Check in if you can.

We should pray for the entire world but the people in Paris are the most affected right now.

I hope Paris doesnt repeat US mistake. Religious intolerance is just as hateful

thoughts and love for paris  the world at large.

I condemn the Paris attacks strongly. Praying for #Paris.

Wonder if there were any American youth killed. In Paris attacks.

muslim trending 2nd in London?! the hell are they talking about? what happened to paris? clueless.

My prayers for those who lost their lives today in Paris.Its very sad incident.God be wid you all.Terrorism should be stopped. #PorteOuverte

Paris Attacks infography via Al Jazira news

LIVE on #Periscope: Let's Pray for this World and Paris! #PoeSerPrayer

After hearing about Paris I agree completely.

Context  background:Here is a list of 42 ADMITTED False Flag Attacks#ParisAttacks

Pray for ParisMore than 100 dead in string of Paris attacks shared via News24

It saddens me to know that most of twitter users didnt blame Islam for what's happening in Paris but in real world, Islamophobia is growing.

love everything about tonight, except for the tragedy in Paris. my heart is heavy and full with love for our French friends.

News France Paris Shooting Paris LIVE  via has egg all of him now,reflecting genocide

On the flipside..why is it I don't hear the west evacuating  their citizens from Paris like they did at #sharmelsheikh?terrorism is global!

its time for a message that will not be ignored,,,, peace and love to Paris

Rob Lowe Under Fire for Paris Attack Tweets  I knew I liked Rob Lowe. STFU you stupid libs. Telling truth NOT racist

BREAKING! Paris Terror Attack - 150+ Dead; Martial Law In France [LIVE F  lewat

i cannot believe what happened in Paris, truly a tragedy and a horror

was not going to update cause of what's going on in paris. But this was a way to keep myself honest, so: day 12: 1561 words #NaNoWriMo

Paris is a prime example of why we need to take the fight to the Middle East instead of waiting for the same thing to happen to us.#FUCKISIS

1st flights of d day have landed in #Paris. Nearly all scheduled flights operating :#ParisAttacks

I never understand terrorism. My prayers go out to those affected in the Paris attack. #PrayForParis

Latoya,Paris can use all the uplifting prayers and thoughts we can give emtimes like these,we need people like u

Can we just talk about how ISIS stated months ago that they would fill Paris' streets with bodies and no one paid any attention to it +

My heart goes out to Paris, hoping all this terror will soon be put to rest

what happen  to paris ?inform me ohhhji love paris :)

I can't believe people just commit acts of evil like in Paris. They're not human.

This can't be happening in Paris. Thoughts  prayers to the victims  families.

Woke up to the news from Paris. What the hell did happen :( Thoughts and prayers for the families.

Let's all take a moment to pray for those in Paris. My heart goes out to all families and friends affected

just surprising after having lived in Paris.

Prayers and thoughts for all in Paris tonight.  Dark times #ParisAttacks

Hate, fear, anger are in their death throes. Let them have their last gasps. The future of humanity is bright.#Paris #ParisAttacks

Agree Jo it's a beautiful city Paris but a dark cloud hangs over it today

Its Again On ParisA Series Of Attacks At A TimeNo Words To Say Peace Be With Them

As we pray for all touched by the evil terrorist acts in Paris, levity from our own Presidential campaign.

158 murdered, hundreds injured. This sounds like a headline for war zone not innocent civilians in Paris. Pray for Paris and these families.

Like by posting pray for Paris will fix the situation

Don't #PrayForParis Paris shootings~Lu Silveira

Terrorists claimed Paris attacks are retribution for France's intervention in Syria, says witness via

Lunalogic Job Lunalogic (Paris) Project Manager Trade Life Cycle MSc PhD Master Engineer Exp 8  bank jobs 22

Our thoughts go out to all those affected by the horrible tragedy in Paris #PrayforParis

I am so sad to hear what has happened in Paris. I just don't understand. My love goes out to everyone in Paris. #PeaceinParis

This stuff just breaks your heart. This world is so evil. May the force be with you, Paris. You're in my prayers. #prayforParis

Sad to see people using the events in Paris to get Likes and Retweets

Shoes for our Army Thank you for the Love frm ABSCBNPray for Paris#ShowtimeHarana

These things going on in Paris just make me so sad, all the more reason this light must be shed to everyone

The APFrench police say they believe all Paris attackers are dead, but search for accomplices continues:

EVERYONE STOP POSTING PHOTOS OF PARIS AND SHOWING WHERE THE POLICE ARE POSITIONED. IT ISNT HELPING !!!!!!

#bbc Paris attacks: Panic on streets, Northern Ireland men say: He was in an Irish bar watching a football mat

I don't know anyone who lives in Paris but I want to send prayers to those who have lost in this tragedy.

Paris, France will definitely be in my prayers. #paris

what a shocking news!it is the 2nd time that terrorists attacked PARIS  many innocent people died and wounded#PrayForParis

No bar for me tonight. Gonna chill out and clear my head. Feel absolutely terrible about Paris. I want to stop taking things for granted.

my prayers go out to paris and japan tonight and all those people that lost their lives today will forever be missed.

#ParisAttacks In which I found out about thanks to as it was on my main page. My hopes go out to everyone in Paris, may this all end

Must be the luckiest man alive, the coincidence that this happens the few days that visits me from Paris.. RIP to all those lost

Our thoughts are with everyone affected by today's senseless tragedy in Paris.

I'm praying for Paris ya be safe god bless you

SPREAD #PorteOuverte to help those in Paris who either are looking for or can provide shelter. SPREAD RESOURCES.

My positivity/prayers go out to Paris and Japan!

# PorteOuverte, Paris welcoming strangers into their homes reminds us that the terrible worst in a few brings out the wonderful best in many

The world still needs you John. #Paris #ParisAttacks

terrorist shootings occur almost daily in the US so don't manipulate paris' tragedy into a favourable argument for no G.C

prayers to everyone in Paris, such a horrible thing

Obama, Hillary, and Rice was the Paris attack another video.

The world should unite in bringing ISIS and its sympathisers to justice or any other group carrying out all these attacks. #ParisAttacks

Tell that to the relatives of those hundreds who lost their lives in Paris today. Stop defending Muslim extremist terrorists!

#ParisAttacks sad very sad praying for the victims of this mad carnage. Why? What have the attackers achieved?

All is right with the world? What about Paris you jackass's

A final summary for tonight though. More than 120+ are dead following a coordinated series of terror attacks in Paris

Attacks in ParisHurricane in MexicoISIS attack in LebanonEarthquake and upcoming tsunami in Japan#PrayForTheWorld

I still have no idea what happened in paris or japan I guess I should go find that out now

Our hearts mourn for the lives lost in Paris. LC students, let's join in prayer for this country. #PrayForParis

Our thoughts are with Paris during this awful time. Stay safe and strong.

Where are all the Muslim World Leaders condemning what has transpired in Paris? #PrayForParis

More than 100 dead after multiple terrorist attacks strike Paris

By Naja Rayne, As the death toll rises in Paris, the city has gone dark in memoriam of more than 100

I went to sleep with reports that around 20 people were dead in Paris and have woken up to reports of 100 more. Unbelievable.

u r reporting from paris now ???

My thoughts and prayer go out to Paris in this time of tragedy. My heart breaks for you! #PrayersForFrance

Paris: They Choose Death; We Choose Life: Fridays terrorist attacks were an attempt to rob  #gop #dem #politics

My friend in Paris inboxed me to assure me that he is safe during this time of terror. Prayers are with you all

Paris terror attack LIVE: Over 150 killed, attackers dead; world leaders express shock

I really am prayong for PEACE in/for Paris.

Agreed. I was in Paris twice this summer. Not in that district(s). Tight quarters there.

One of my closest friends was killed today during a shootout in a restaurant in Paris #PrayforParis

It's being reported that the Bellas were in Paris this afternoon for their grandmother's birthday.  They were

this has what to do with Paris or the flood of terrorgees about to wash up on our shores?

I see.So, other than the Paris mess, how have you been, Rin(I think that's your name)?

#ParisAttacks Attackers will remain 'gunmen' until proven Muslim. Thereafter the 'terrorist' analogy starts

in absolute disbelief over what's going on in Paris. #PrayersForParis

Nice DM about me tweeting toddler troubles during Paris, as if your hyper consumption of violence from your comfortable home helps them.

It's sad how the world is today prayers and condolence to those in Paris

I wonder if #Obama might utter the words: #Islamic #terrorists now ?  #ParisAttacks #ParisShooting #Paris

A TOUT LE MONDEPRIERES POUR PARIS(To all the world: Prayers for Paris)

the bomb threat at the hotel of the german national team was an ominous sign for the devestating event that happened to Paris #PrayForParis

My thoughts and deepest prayers for Paris. #PrayForParis

Prayers and condolences go out to those in Paris! Paris your on our mind!

To those who want to blame refugees for the attacks in Paris,think for a moment; the terrorists are the people from whom the refugees flee.

My heart goes out to all the people in Paris. Paris, you gotta stay strong. #PrayForParis

Have there been any reliable information on the motives of the attackers in Paris? I don't see anything yet

The world is way too messed up I pray for everyone in Paris

Hey everyone. Yes #MITAM is out today and I've bought two copies, but I wanted to focus on something bigger than that. Paris is under+

The terrorist attack in Paris really shook me, not gonna lie.

Bloodbath in Paris: 150 are executed after jihadists take prisoners:  via

#Terrorists KILL 118 in #Paris hall,40 others in separate #ParisAttacks   Coming 2 ur town? STOP #REFUGEERESETTLEMENT

American news channels shamelessly turning the Paris news around to be about them.

Dying toll in Paris Terrorist massacre increases to 158, all 8 attackers supposedly  -

If you are comparing Paris to Missouri please just don't

1st time FB has ever really been useful,telling me all of my friends in Paris are safe. Thoughts go out to all those caught up in the horror

were doing it because there are directioners from Paris so we are praying for them and everyone else

in one day:Mexico - earthquakeJapan - earthquakeIraq - funeral bombingLebanon - suicide bombingParis - terrorist attacks

We are extremely saddened by the news of attack at Paris that killed more than 150 people. Our thoughts  prayers go to the bereaved family

Facebook sets up safety check-in for Paris residents: The Facebook feature, launched after a series of terror

Liberal tolerance!  blames Conservatives for Paris attacks!

#BREAKING | Curfew imposed in Paris following #ParisAttacks, viaLIVE Reports:

Attacks in Paris, remind me of Uganda kyadondo attacks. Still very vivid.

My heart goes to Paris. Always do your part to bring good to the world.

Devastated by what's happened in Paris. Too many lives cut short by such evil. #PrayForParis

I liked a video from  YESTERDAY'S FOILED TERROR PLOT TRIGGERS PARIS ATTACKS

Lord, please look over the people of Paris at this time as they look to heal, recover and try to make sense of this terrible tragedy.

The European r sponsoring terrorism in Syria, Africa and Middle East nw the consequence hv started in Paris France evil shal slay the wicked

For my brothers and sisters in Beirut, in Baghdad, in Paris, in the world  My heart is with you. #knowjusticeknowpeace

Follow the Paris Terror updates here: #PrayForParis#ParisAttacks

LIVE on #Periscope: The has turned it's lights off. #Paris #ParisAttacks #NYC

Today, I miss Paris just a little bit more. #PrayForParis Eiffel

Obviously it's not just Paris, but why are you putting people down for trying to help  ? You sound ridiculous

Give a Seconds or just A minute for prayer for the Paris on Attack  #ShowtimeHarana

SINGAPORE STRONGLY CONDEMNS MULTIPLE TERRORIST ATTACKS IN PARIS

U Insane?Ppl r Condemning Paris Attack and here u r giving us detail abt third class  pathetic !!

Our thoughts  Prayers are with the People in Paris .. Tragic

Paris, City of Lights, is engulfed by darkness.

#PrayForGaza #PrayForSyria #PrayForParis ^ Don't you see? We're all in this together.#ParisAttacks #Paris

My thoughts are with those affected by the Paris attacks today as well as all those in Europe. Please be safe.

Sad Saturday in Paris. May the lord intervene.

This is pissing me off. Celebrities making posts about Paris, but their hot mess 'fans' ask about their shows instead. Fucking shameful. :/

Our thoughts and prayers go out to Paris, this is so terrible

Can't imagine what it's like in Paris right now for everyone. Scary to think of what we as humans are capable of.

i mean if ya'll are blaming the majority of Muslims for the attack in Paris i wouldn't blame him for blaming ya'll

to all my mutuals, keep safe alright even though you dont live in paris or whatsoever, you'll never know what'll happen in the world

I guess cuz it's on mainstream news that everybody is praying for Paris, what abt the students at #Mizzou

on #Periscope: Proud #Muslim US Marine joins hands with all of you  the world as Paris hurts.

Prayers to paris victim..God is in control

Tufts students in Paris confirmed safe following terrorist attacks:

Unbelievable amount of cruelty in the world. Paris brings into the spotlight the dark side of humanity that happens on daily basis elsewhere

This may be one of the saddest photos I've ever seen. Pray for Paris!

Wtf is going on in Paris? I don't understandwhat is wrong with this world????!!!!!!! #PRAYFORPARIS

Please pray for Paris! I'm crying right now for Paris, I know how hard it is for their families!If you lose a member, I'm here to talk ;)

Thankfully all of the friends and family of our French student are safe.  He's actually from the Paris area

How many of you all are actually praying when you tweet about Paris? I ain't hating tho. Just saying.

One Night in Paris - by Devadas KrishnadasThe people and visitors to Paris have endured an appalling last 24

The news about Paris is actually horrible

Whatever happened today in Paris was all due to some fucked up individuals.

Pray For Paris ! Available for the next 6 days via

sorry.  Can't sleep. Following news from Paris.

Our hearts go out to everyone in Paris. Such tragic news. The world is a dark place at times. Rest In Peace.

No one gave a fuck when Boko Haram tore down Nigeria now Paris is in trouble the whole world is going nuts

Please RT to share #PorteOuverte info to save foreigners who are trapped in Paris.

#news Over 150 killed, 200 injured in Paris attacks | 8 militants killed: Source  #til_now #ET

Inside the Bataclan in Paris: 'A bloodbath,' witness says  via fox13now

Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in Paris and Japan impacted by today's tragedies. #PrayForParis #PrayForJapan

Paris attacks prompt tweets and prayers from B.C.

Thoughts go out to the innocent lives taken in Paris, and to the families that have lost or injured loved ones. Awful what has happened

Praying for the people in Paris HOWEVER, I WON'T BE DISTRACTED FROM WHAT'S HAPPENING AT MIZZOU!!

Remember how Paris held an anti terrorism rally  declined to show up to it? Priorities Mr. President, priorities.Pray for Paris.

The world saw today how dangerous attachment to thoughts can be, all my love goes out to the citizens of Paris,

a lot of stuff lol. Killing in Paris by terrorist. Tsunami in Japan

News coming in from Paris very tragic. Hoping the situation improves soon. #ParisAttacks #Prayers4Paris

ED seeks extradition of Lalit Modi from U.K. yes he could have financed t Paris attack

friends, if you aren't in paris. don't mark yourself safe from the terrorist attack there. ang lalang tignan, swear

Hindu. Paris Attacks: Fans stay calm at Stade de France

can't stop thinking about Paris. your friends and family are in my prayers

please pray for Paris. 140 people were killed, including children, in a terrorist attack. #ParisAttacks #Prayers4Paris #RIPParisVictims

the events in Paris tonight are truly heartbreaking but we must show resilience. we are strong, and we must change.

Praying for all in Paris and all of France after these horrific attacks. #ParisAttacks

Thinking of everyone in Paris. Just checked 's timeline to make sure he's ok. Hope everyone else I follow on Twitter is OK too.

Please tonight keep Paris in your prayers #PrayForParis

Prayers going up for all in Paris. My heart is broken for these people.

all thought that those Muslims who do it all in Paris. and I do not agree on the assumption that you say that, #PrayForParis

Praying for all the people who were involved with the attacks! You have our hearts and prayers Paris 3

Because we need some comic relief on this horrific night of carnage in Paris.  This is our Little Girl, Arya,

Singapore raises alert level following Paris attacks: Shanmugam: The authorities have also stepped up security

pray for paris, this is truly messed up

Just landed at SFO. Shaken by the horrible events in Paris. Glad my family is safe and thinking of those who lost someone tonight.

Shocked and sad to witness what's unfolding in #Paris. It's an attack on humanity not just #Paris #ParisShooting #ParisAttack

New post: On the streets of Paris amid a night of carnage

My heart goes to all people who live in Paris. Stay strong! #PrayforParis

Prayers for Paris but why were there no prayers for Mizzou

stop vilifying people for their tweets about the Paris tragedy. Use your power for better things like reporting the truth. #sad

Woke up to tragic news of Paris. Seeing all the mindless discrimination that follows. These attacks want to breed fearhate and its working.

Disgusted at people's using the Paris attacks to further their agenda. Smh People suck.

Very cool: Justin Bieber led THOUSANDS at his concert in PRAYER for victims of Paris terrorism

#local #news Singapore raises alert level after Paris attacks: Singapore - Singapore on Saturday ra  #singapore

Even South Bend, Indiana They changed the lights on the riverwalk for Paris. #StandWithParis

Sometimes when heartless acts hit, and it's way too much to handle I write. So, for Paris and any other area in the world facing horrible

praying for the turmoil over the lost of innocent lives --- Paris, Beirut and Japan deserves all of the support and love

Mandatory curfew imposed in #Paris. First curfew since World War II. #ParisAttack

I don't condone anything in Paris and I too am deeply disturbed but things happening on your own land get a mere blimp on your radar

Are you okay? I saw news about Paris :( be safe bro!

Blocking everyone whoever compares Paris attacks with Madhes protests. Would really do with bit of sense today. #PrayForParis

Paris stay safe  vibrant too!

Hot Story: What We Know About the Paris Attacks  #time

We are devastated to hear of the heartbreaking news from Paris tonight. Our heart ache for each and everyone that

Thoughts and prayers are also with those affected by the earthquake in Japan and the Paris terrorist attacks. Stay safe.

We stand with France now, in the firm belief that the light must never dim in Paris. STORY:

Paris. In our hearts. Hoping for relief and answers.

Beirut bombs heartbreaking.  Paris too.

Paris is trending along with Lindsay lohans outfit. Priorities I guess.

Paris 11/13: the dragon teeth sown by George W. Bush's stupid invasion of Iraq resulting in 500,000 dead Iraqis.

They don't call Paris 'The City of Love' for no reason ~ #PrayForParis #JeSuisParis

Paris and its incredible citizens, my heart is with you tonight. You are and always will be the City of Love and Light. #StayStrongParis

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the members and fans of Eagles of Death Metal and all those impacted by the horrific events in Paris

So is gonna tweet something insensitive about Paris too?

Sigh. Waking up to such aweful news from Paris. It's like wounds of Mumbai on 26/11 are back open.

Vive La Paris. Your spirit has endured a lot more than cowardly attackers looking to break you. You r strong n indomitable. With you, Paris.

Our hearts are with the people of Paris. Let's stand together as one and pray for the peace of Paris. #ParisAttacks #PrayForParis

Jk I'm sleep, prayers to those in Paris.

CA Paris Attacks: U2 Cancels Saturday Concert, HBO Special

Sad ending to a beautiful week in Paris. We are scheduled to fly out this morning but our hearts will remain with the people here.

ENGINEER Simple Plan Cancels Paris Trip Following Attacks

Follow the update on Paris attack on Euronews on HyppTV #paris #parisattacks #hypptv #hypptveverywhere

Crossover: At least 153 killed across Paris: For the latest, we now cross live to our correspondent Kate Parki

Sorry to hear about Paris, stay strong

Paris again when will all this end? Wish all those who have lost loved ones strength to cope with this terrible event.

NC WEB Paris Attacks: U2 Cancels Saturday Concert, HBO Special

Prosecutor's Office: 8 Extremists Dead After Paris Attacks, 7 of Them in Suicide Bombings: Prosecutor's office: 8 extremists dead aft

here, unharmed by the earthquake in Japan but thinking about everyone in Paris and the Aussie coasts, hoping everyone's safe.

Oh. I'm sorry, did the support for Paris piss you off because there were too many stories about it? Shut the fuck up you weasel.

if Paris wasn't announced then what makes you think that anywhere else would be?

Holy crap! Hadn't heard you on but didn't know you were in Paris. Glad you're safe!

#news #newsroom Security tightened abroad after Paris attacks: In the wake of the terror attac  #TeamFollowBack

Eight militants killed in Paris bombings and gunfire: investigation source   #ParisAttacks

Really a Sad Saturday after the news of the terror attacks in Paris.

Alright time to go.  Phone needs charged and I need to be up at 6:30am for work so goodnight all.  Keep Paris in your thoughts and prayers.

Wow. Just woke up to the news about Paris.  My thoughts are with all the Parisians and those who currently have family there on holiday etc

Terrorism in Paris tonight but lots of other acts of terror worldwide. Note that death tallies have gone up.  #tcot

So what would the Paris attackers achieve with these attacks, other than making the life of Muslims around the

Indian Embassy number , Paris 0140507070.. Be Safe !!

Woken up to a Facebook notification telling me my cousin has marked himself safe in Paris. And then the world changed.

Rob Lowe Receives Backlash For 'Heartless' Paris Attack Tweets: Rob Lowe isdrawing criticis after a series of

Paris shootings: Several people feared dead after number of shots fired

One of my favorite occasions visiting my favorite city. #Paris #ParisAttacks

My heart goes out to the families of the 140+ victims who lost their lives in Paris #Prayers4Paris

#China's embassy in Paris issued security alert after #ParisAttacks killed at least 140

What actually happened in Paris? Why are people telling people to get inside? Was it shootings or?

I've been tweeting about Paris a lot because it hit really close to home but seriously praying for everyone that is in danger right now

Yeah. Lets pray for Paris! Love you sunshine.

Full coverage of events in Paris throughout the weekend - listen on mobile at

The most complicated public transport; Paris.

So much darkness and hate in the city of light and love The world prays for Paris

Diversity Leaders' Voice Top story: 'Peace for Paris '  see more

Let us all pray for all the people in Paris France

No group has yet taken responsibility for the Paris attacks that have killed at least 140 people on Friday.

Jimmy Kimmel is a recent repeat, Jimmy Fallon is live but they had a disclaimer that it was recorded tonight prior to the Paris attacks

Phl gov't kinondena ang Paris terror attack  via BOMBO RADYO

Makes me sick to my stomach to hear about the savage attacks in Paris. My thoughts and prayers are with everybody affected by this tragedy.

Sira r u at Paris?hru?r u safe?

Shocked  Angered to woken up to the news of ISIS attacking Paris, killing 150+ innocent lives. May their soul Rest In Peace :(

All my love to Paris and Lebanon.

how exactly wld hv less gun cntrl helped?? ppl concert carrying guns? how has this worked 4 u so far USA? #Paris #ParisAttack

the Paris attacks happened less than 6 hours ago and people are already at each others throats. but that's the world for ya apparently

Please pray for Paris and all those affected by the tragedy  let us unite in the heart of compassion and love.

Woke up to such terribly devastating news of Paris being under attack and such innocent lives being at stake. What is becoming of our world

I just can't get over what happened in Paris

Another attack committed by the senseless inhumane acts of others, and the blame and hate goes towards others #ParisAttacks #Pray4Paris

Aljazeera - Coordinated attacks in Paris: French President Francois Hollande declares state of emergency acros

Because tonight in Paris, there is a mother who will never see her son again. A brother that lost a sister.

Attacking people with religious chants. Targets are merely non Muslims BUT TERRORISTS HAVE NO RELIGION #ParisAttack

Paris jokes aren't funny I hope the shock value of your jokes are worth looking like a worthless dickhead for

Thoughts and prayers are with Paris, a city that is very special to me, and all of France. I can't imagine what they are going through.

Estimated death toll now above 150 in Paris attacks. Six locations pinpointed.

It's Saturday  remember 2 join us 4 our live show this morn till 2pm, Our hearts go out 2 every1 in Paris.

Major terror attacks in France in 2015: #CharlieHebdoAttack, #ParisAttacks and more

#Paris Be mindful of media manipulation and your own reactions#ParisAttacks #FalseFlag #muslims #FridayThe13th

Praying for Paris.  Stay strong.  We're with you.

Again a sad news. Stay strong Paris.

My condolences go out to everyone affected by the unacceptable and horrific violence in Paris.#ParisAttacks

We Pakistanis strongly condemn terror attacks in Paris.Islam teaches Peace  Not represented by criminal ISIS #Prayers4Paris #ParisAttacks

WE ARE ALL PARIS! NO ONE MESSES WITH OUR ALLIES AND THINK THEY'LL GET AWAY WITH IT #ParisAttacks

#PrayForParis let your thoughts and prayers go out to all of those affected in Paris.

President Obama speaking on the attacks across Paris. #PrayForParis

- trying to drag someone because of an album. Plus there isn't much that we can do about Paris since we are on a different -

Prayers to those in Paris, justice will be done!

This is good advice. I fear the types of attacks we saw in Paris are coming here soon.

If #ISIS initiates similar coordinated attacks in Europe in future, then all of Europe may become Hell like Syria  Iraq. #ParisAttacks

China's president #XiJinping condemns Paris attacks, expresses willingness to work with France to fight terrorism

Terrorist have no religion! So Paris attack is very sad moment for whole world!!! We should united against terrorism!!!!!

Hoping for the best for everyone in Paris. Disgusted that the second most used term on twitter is Muslims though.

My heart and soul are going into my prayers for those in Paris and those who know or involved with. Just take some deep breaths and relax

you are doing a great job, bringing us the news from Paris

YES SO HAPPY FOR U JUSTIN BUT HEART BROKEN FOR PARIS  WILL BE PRAYING FOR PARIS-BE PRAYING FOR LOVE OVER HATE

These people are sick!! So sorry Paris

LOOK: Map shows locations of Paris attacks.Photo abs-gma network

Today's Friday the 13th. . .Paris- Terrorist AttacksJapan- EarthquakeBaghdad- Funeral Bombed Beirut- Suicide Bombing Mexico- Earthquake

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected by the tragic events in Paris.

bFacebook/b doing safety check-in for Paris attacks  |

#UPDATES: Sri Lankan Foreign Ministry confirms no Sri Lankans affected in French attacks. #ParisAttack #lka

PREACH! I can only do so much. And racism is still such a BIG issue, I mean it can even tie in with the Paris tragdedy.

These evil blood hunters should leave #paris alone. #ParisAttacks

ISIS' supporters already celebrating the Paris Attacks   RELIGION OF PEACE WHERE CONDEMNATION?

What happened in Paris defines a tragedy. Please don't politicize the pain of others. #Prayers4Paris

RT Vikki3040 On June 19, 2007, Google CEO Eric Schmidt was in Paris to launch the new localization system. #InteriorDesignStyleSOMADaily

Attack on paris is nothing but an attack on human civilization values by entire world. 2/3

The love and light pouring toward Paris, Sharing stories to celebrate community, The wind tonight. #gratitude

I never been to Paris before but yet they're all human like us and we need to shows some respect . #PrayForParis

VIDEO: 'There was a whole pile of bodies': An eyewitness to a gun attack in Paris has d

PSA I feel for Paris and attacks were unacceptable BUT there's no reason to blame an entire religion and generalize a people

Yes Obama, tell me how many people were killed by climate change in Paris today?

After all the civilian casualties at Paris just a few hours ago.. really??

#MailOnline France calls a state of emergency after Paris shooting and announces checks across the country: Pr

Paris attack sees 150 dead after Eagles of Death Metal concert hostages are killed  from #dailymail #tns

Praying for everyone affected by the horrendous attacks in Paris. #StandWithParis

Help those affected by the tragedy in Paris, tweet #PorteOuverte #OpenDoor if you live nearby and can offer a place to stay.

I know it's tragic and I'm not trying to be disrespectful but I'm so glad twenty one pilots got out of Paris before all this happened

Got home from work and was almost brought to tears..My heart goes out to all that list someone in Paris tonight..How can people be so cruel?

#ParisAttacks prayers to the families suffering in Paris tonight,  may justice be swift to the minds behind such evil.   #Paris

thank you for Paris calls. and, it isn't just Europe today.  knowing you'll do better tomorrow.

Retweeted Agence France-Presse #BREAKING Over 200 injured in Paris attacks, 80 seriously: security source

Are we really making jokes about Paris right now??? What is wrong w/ you people.

Then i got on twitter barley and i see all these # going to Paris, Japan, Baghdad and all these other places.

To all of my French friends, my heart and prayers go out to Paris.

#ViernesTreceConLalo What do you think about bombardeo in Paris?;D

Shocked, horrified  saddened having woke up to the news from Paris

It takes the US almost four days to equal the  death toll in Paris in one night. If only France had an armed pop. they would be used to it.

I'm french, in Paris, so yeahNot even in the mood to play.

Would you call Paris homegrown terror if they draw their inspiration or resources from Syria?

Of course while Paris is having terrorist attacks, some Africans Americans are still complaining about slavery. #PrayForParis

pray for paris, and japan small tsunami. stay safe fam

People: Paris Turns Off Its Lights As Eiffel Tower Goes Dark in Memory of Terror Vict   #people

Horrific news from Paris. No words do it justice. Beautiful city in an ugly moment. Paris will stay strong.

However, as we start recording we think of the dozens of people who lost their lives in Paris and the families left grieving! #PrayForParis

These acts of violence are so haunting and unjust. Paris, you are in our thoughts. I'm absolutely heartbroken. #PrayForParis

Extremely saddened for Paris. A city that I love and lived in for years and where I spent some of the best years of my life.

Barbarism in Beirut and Paris. Tragic days

As much as I love my Caps, tonight my heart was with Paris.

Paris Terror Attacks Leave Awful Realization: Another Massacre  I extend my deepest condolences #Prayers4Paris

sending prayers for paris through instagram should help, really

Hearing from DU officials that 3 of 6 students currently studying abroad in Paris have been accounted for. They

I have to say people defending religion in wake of Paris attacks look really stupid. Religion is what got people there to become crazy.

hey teach ur fans some manners about not talking shit bout Paris

is no one else shook that paris has declared martial law this shit is not a game

We stand together with Paris victims God bless them.

Paris attacks: At least 153 killed in gunfire and blasts, French officials say  These terrorists r US Creation

Paris terrorist attacks and Friday the 13th. Coincidence?!

VIDEO: 'There was a whole pile of bodies': An eyewitness to a gun attack in Paris has desc  #tameside #oldham

My love and prayers go out to the families in Paris.

We expect it to happen in Israel and Pakistan, but never Paris. Paris is what makes it so terrible.

Over 150 dead in Paris. How many Americans do illegals from Mexico kill every year? #CloseTheBorders  #ParisAttacks

Paris is beautiful city. Why you made its fully of tear #PrayForParis

Good thoughts and well wishes to Paris. May you get through this disgusting act of terrorism swiftly and take action. #WeStandTogether

praying for paris. love goes out to all.

Thoughts and prayers with Paris with reports that over 120 people killed in attacks. #Pray4Paris

UW-Milwaukee, Marquette makes sure students studying abroad in Paris, France are safe: MILWAUKEE -- The Paris

Over 100 dead in Paris.. absolutely despicablethe world is at the mercy of terrorists nowadays. So much pain caused to innocent pple.

Sending my prayers to all people in Paris #PrayForParis

Our family is safe. Praying for Paris #prayforparis #peaceforparis #parisjetaime

I have been so blessed to always have safe travels. I pray for those in Paris. #Prayers4Paris

Tributes Pour in After Paris Attacks  - ABC News -  via Pray forParis

Retweeted BBC Breaking News For latest on Paris, here's our Twitter list of BBC journalists

Coverage of Attacks in Paris: Coverage of the latest scenes on the streets in Paris, Fraincis

RIP to the Paris Victims and God be with their friends/family.

The Paris attacks are so sad. Reading that shit is so crazy.

We wish evil only existed in the land of fiction. Paris and all families affected by the horrific events, we send

we know the world war 3 scheme since the release of modern warfare 3. Including paris - sincerely, call of duty gamer

I would deploy to Paris to fight ISIS.

My heart goes out to all the families of the victims from today's tragedy in Paris.This further solidifies my

NarrSabb EverydayILoveYou WeekEnd pray for paris ang japan

Obama's comments about Paris were quite impressive. The man certainly has a way with words. Maybe the best speaker of our presidents yet.

I'm not religious, so I'll say this instead of pray. My best wishes to Paris and everyone affected.  #ParisAttacks

I swear if I see some shit of the Simpsons predicted the Paris attacks in 1999 I'm gonna slit my throat

So paris killings who really did it??? Undercover terrorist as refugees???? Or home grown terrorist?? #ParisAttacks #MalcolmTurnbull

PRAY For PARIS FRANCH .. DAMN Terrorist !

I don't want what happened Paris to be something that doesn't call for intense action to be done. #PorteOuverte

So sorry to hear of the terrible news In Paris. Truly horrendous. We are all here to support you all, against ISIS and any others.

#Prayers4Paris we all must stand together. Stay strong. Love Paris #Prays4paris

Our hearts break for everyone in Paris tonight. May God give them peace. Amen!

Paris is more immediate and relatable to us than Beirut, but Lebanese lives are just as important as French.

Prayers up to Paris. No one deserves to fall victim to acts of terrorism.

i still cannot fathom what these guys gain out of creating hatred and terror. Shame in Paris!

#ParisAttacks.158 dead.80 more #critical in various hospitals around Paris.8 attackers now known (7 blew themselves up).U2 cxd Sat show

At least 120 dead in coordinated Paris attacks, #France in state of emergency vi

TNP | Paris attacks: Singapore raises alert level

My thoughts and prayers go to the families of the victim of today's' Paris Terror Attacks.

Retweeted Travel - State Dept US citizens in Paris please check in w/ your families instead of

PEACE ON EARTH (PARIS)!!! God Bless!!

After hearing the word numerable times, PRAY for Paris feels so empty. #ParisAttacks

Words cannot express the sadness the Paris attacks have bestowed upon humanity. Inflicting danger and death accomplishes what? #PrayForParis

And now she blames Merkel and all refugees for what happened in Paris shes dumb af too if i never see her again that's still too early

Wow these Self serving Paris pics are out of control. u can support France  pray or well wish WITHOUT posting a biddie ass pic of yourself

Yesterday, a Suprematist black square painting by Kazimir Malevich's was discovered  today Paris Attacks were carried out. Any reciprocity?

My thoughts and sympathies are with my friends and the people in Paris tonight. My hopes are this doesn't change what makes the French great

I'm sorry Paris, no one deserves that #PrayForParis

Paris Terrost Attack Coverage Upsets Black Lives Matter Supporters #Paris #BlackLivesMatter

my thoughts to paris. very scary and terrible situation. so sad to hear of this news

that whole Paris thing is so scary because America is next

#JeSuisParis are hearts go out to Paris wishing strength and healing.

Our hearts go out to everyone in Paris. May  all Parisians find peace and comfort.

Curfew or not, ppl are still trying to get home. A man in Paris called into our news  said it's hard to get a taxi right now.

if you think that promoting purpose and getting it to number 1 is more important than praying for Paris then you're fucked up

Hope everyone is safe. My heart goes out to the people in Paris.  #prayforparis

How ironic it's Friday the 13th  Paris gets attacked by terrorists

Prayers for Paris and the families there.  Prayers for World Peace.

Attacks in Paris should be a wake-up call for the rest of us

Praying for the people of Paris.  Our prayers are with you. #prayforparis

I strongly condemn attack in Paris.

Horrified at what im reading about whats gone on in Paris :( . Truly dark times.

IT IS GOOD TO SEE OUR FRIEND IN PARIS CHECK IN SAFETHANK YOU FACEBOOK FOR THIS FEATURE!

Getting time now to catch up with this Paris massacre. I swear this doesn't look real to me! Watching all these

Watching the news about Paris just makes me want to cry.

the news on Paris just continues to break my heart more and more tonight

How difficult it is to sift through all of the dialogue and bias which exists in the wake of the Paris tragedy! Give us grace, Lord. #EV220

Shocking and very sad that now ppl don't have any mercy on humanity n taking such a cowardly step. My condolence to the ppl died in Paris.

So sad #Parisattacks  Paris  At least 153 killed in gunfire and blasts, French officials say

Sending thoughts and prayers to all effected by the attacks in Paris today. #prayforparis #Paris

.#France tops the list of visiting tourists; about 75mn ppl/yr. They need to get their security tighter. Safety first. #ParisAttacks #Paris

Heartbreaking.The needless loss of life.So tragic.Thoughts  prayers to the families who lost a loved one due to terrorism.Prayers for Paris

Let's pray for the world. Moreno, Paris, Japan, Middle east

Is sad to hear innocent  people  have  died  in an untimely way. My prayers  are  with  you  all.# Paris shooting. #sadmodeactivit

Paris made me sad today, but Lansing made me happy. Music is powerful. What a great show.

Can't put my feelings into words so I'm going to spend my night retweeting inspiring words from others. Proud of Paris. #PeaceinParis

Let us pray for our sweet Paris. Pray. #PrayforParis

#BREAKING Feature Story |A Burst of New Terrorism in Paris| click:  #prayforparis #astrology

the U2 concert was tobe in Paris not New York.

U2 cancels Paris concert for HBO broadcast following deadly attacks   -NBCNews

Its a cruel world and unfortunately bad things happen to great people. Hoping that all of the people in Paris are safe. #prayforparis

I still care about Paris, but I have been crying and shaking all night because of it. I got triggered by talking about it, let me talk about

Paris is the most beautiful city in the world. We love Paris  the Parisian. France, you're not alone. #PrayForParis

not even that a shit load happened in Paris it's in the news

Some people have absolutely no sympathy, show some respect, Paris needs all the love and prayers they can get. #Prayers4Paris

Stand strong Paris our thoughts and prayers are with you.

I had so much fun tonight then I got home and my dad told me there was a terrorist attack in Paris .

So shocked and sad about the attacks in Paris today. How can anyone justify such a hateful attack on innocent people?? #Paris #ParisAttacks

The world is crying for the victims of the brutal attacks on our brothers and sisters in paris. Our hearts and love are with you

lebanon baghdad beirut mexico japan paris and the rest of the entire world- youre in my prayers tonight. im so sorry for everything.

Sketch #315: shelter.  Hoping the people of Paris find shelter and safety in this dark moment.

Relegion of peace again in action WTF!RIP of those innocent souls!!Just awful,my prayers are with Paris tonight.#Prayers4Paris#ISISsucks

Government closely monitors and assesses the latest development in Paris, France: Concerning the serious attac..

Shameful attack on Paris God give strength to the People of Paris #Prayers4Paris

PRAY FOR PARIS. TIME TO KICK SOME MAJOR ISIS ASS!

I don't get how killing others can get you to the promise land or whatever.My heart hurts for Paris #Prayers4Paris #PeaceinParis #LoveParis

Shocking terror attacks on humanity in Paris..the world needs to forge a purposeful alliance to counter all forms of terrorism..

Pray for Paris, Sometimes terror means many things, Other Did, Blame Another.still the intellectual actor never found

My heart goes out to the people of Paris during this horrific time.

On my mind:  The beauty of Paris Photos taken while we were there a week and a half ago. Celebrate Paris.

just found out about what's happening in Paris and I'm so shocked  deeply saddened. praying for all of the lives affected today.

News: Explosions outside Paris stadium

Worrying about weekend work, then hearing about the #ParisAttacks and suddenly a different perspective emerges.  Thoughts and prayers, Paris

All I can say is to trust God and let him lead the way. My heart aches for Paris #Prayers4Paris #PrayForParis

I am sad after knowing about Paris Terror Attacks. My deepest condolences to the families that have lost precious lives.

Cbdstyles:  Heart goes out to Paris,

#UltimateClassicRock Reports Indicate One Crew Member Killed, Another Injured in Paris Conc  #ClassicRock #Rock

Devastated by the terrorist attacks in Paris. Keep those affected in your thoughts and prayers#PrayForParis

The world must unite to end terrorism #ParisAttacks #frenchterrorattacks. Why attack innocent pple - my heart goes out to the victims

statement on Paris terrorist attacks #nhsen #nhpolitics   via

EVEN THE TUMBLR SIGN IS ROOTING FOR PARIS

Xi condemns Paris terror attack

With Paris terror attack today,we should stop all celebrations of #Nehru bday henceforth

Paris Solidarity: SF City Hall lit in Blue, White, And Red, SFPD On 'Heightened Alert'

Our hearts and sympathies are with the people of Paris France tonight.Sad. Terrorism is simply sick. All lives

I hope the #greens vote goes down after this Paris attack! #auspol #thedrum #qanda

-Did not want to walk this road today with so much blood spilt in #Paris A peek behind the scene is not pleasant #ParisAttack

#Paris US officials know of no terror threats here?? Paris didn't know of any either!!

Democrats in America are already saying the gunmen in Paris were the victims.Sickening!!!!  #Paris #ParisShooting #ParisAttack

Paris, I don't even know you, but I love you.

Jesus Christ! #Periscope: Breaking news Paris

FRANCE DECLARES AN EMERGENCY AFTER PARIS ATTACKS, 160 DEAD

Prayers for the families affected by the terrorist attacks in Paris and all the lives lost. #triumphoverterror

Thoughts and prayers go out to every family member that was affected by the acts in Paris

Bring back the love of Paris! Solodarity are among men ! Hope Faith and Love! #Prayers4Paris

It's so crazy how was just in Paris a few days ago.

Article: More than 100 people killed in Paris attacks; police believe all attackers are dead More

Praying for Paris and sending all of my love that way. #Prayers4Paris

My condolences are to those affected in this horrible tragedy taken place in Paris. My thoughts and prayers are with you #ParisAttacks

What to Read About the Terror in Paris

Checking twitter trends upon waking up. Shocked with the news of attacks in paris. #prayforparis  #ALDUBHappyBdayLOLA

To everyone in Paris: Stay strong and be safe my loves. It'll all be over soon. xx You'll get through it. #PrayForParis

Hey Do you think showing a James Bond movie about terror attacks in Paris tonight is a good move?

It is very horrifying news where Europe is already facing migrant crisis problem and now this terror attack in Paris. Stay strong Prais

Prayers go out to those in Paris. This is horrible. Stay safe

#Prayers4Paris So shocked, still can't find the words, thoughts and prayers for all the people in Paris right now.

11-13-2015: Black Friday in Central Paris  Calais 'Jungle' refugee camp. Enter the strong German leader.

More than 150 people were killed in Paris today and there are still people posting selfies. I've struggled to even get out of my home.

Boarding a plane while watching the news in Paris is terrifying. #Prayers4Paris #fuckterror

#ParisAttacks Don't condemn the attacks its like telling the victim families we are helpless try to wipe out these evil devils.

Woke up to #ParisAttacks. Prayers to the victims and their families. Stay safe Paris!

I've been tweeting about Paris Japan and stuff all day I didn't even say what I thought about the album

My heart is broken for Paris. So much hate in the world. It feels unbearable and unfixable.

the attacks in Paris made me realize how minor my problems are. life's too short to be anything but happy, really.

Paris is just a 2 hour train ride from the centre of London -

Awh my mom is praying for Paris, so sad the article we just read

No Australians reported killed or injured in series of shootings and blasts in Paris: No Australians reported

AP News: Scenes of horror as a Paris night becomes a bloodbath

you are a pathetic moron trying to spread the liberal agenda with a terrorist attack on Paris. Again pathetic

#PrayForParis // our hearts go out to the families who have lost loved ones today in Paris

Witness talks about what he saw at the time of attack.#ParisAttacks|

Terrible situation in Paris. I am sure all are thinking of the French people at this time

when Paris gets all this attention and Lebanon gets none for the same tragic events

What happened in Paris is a tragedy, but the hate filled ignorance I've been seeing online is terrible. Fuck you for spreading hate.

Did I miss something? Has it been reported the terrorists in Paris were Muslim?

#PrayForParisCan't get uglier than the massacre in Paris. #Heartbroken

Failed Windows 3.1 system blamed for shutting down Paris Orly airport

My prayers are with the innocent people who died in this terror attack..#ParisAttacks

Man I can't believe that happened in Paris in tripping balls

My thoughts are with those in Paris  Japan may all involved find themselves embraced by their community  know that we are feeling for you

What happened in Paris happens in Nigeria every week, happening right now in Burundi. Priorities! !

Really sad ordeal out there in Paris smh  Evil is present. Spend your days getting to know The Lord! You never know when your day is near

Ayew, Drogba, Aubameyang: African players react to Paris tragedy on Twitter: African players across the world

Prayers go out to all the people in Paris. This world is full of hatred and idiots

They attacked paris, surely humanity is not safe

Watch:  Nightmare Unfolds in Paris When Deadly Attacks Are Carried Out: Senior U.S. officials concerned  #video

Pray for paris  hope there will be no more people were killed by shooting , I break all evil,murder,in Jesus name

honestly disgusting that things like this are still going on in 2015. prayers going out to everyone in paris #Prayers4Paris #prayforparis

Thoughts and prayers with the victims in Paris and Beirut and everywhere else that innocent civilians are subjected to such horror

Waking up in the Middle East to hear of the horrible attacks in Paris. The world cannot stand for this and should unite with #Paris

Paris attacks: At least 153 killed in gunfire and blasts, French officials sayThe French and EU liberals should be held accountable.

Its devastating to come home and learn about the attacks on Paris. Pathetic fucking extremists. My heart goes out to ya'll #PrayForParis

Lord Save and bless thy Children Of Paris  May there be Peace again #PrayForParis #PeaceInParis #ParisAttacks

Attacks in Paris deadliest since World War II; France closes borders  via

Our thoughts are going out to all those in Paris. Our prayers are with you.

Thank you #usa the world police and super power for the creation of #ISIS . #Paris #ParisAttacks #Prayers4Paris

#ParisAttacks RIP TO THOSE DEAD IN THE ATTACK. Time has come to dwarf isis and all other terror groups or humanity is gona end.

Nashville celebs react to Paris attacks  via

perfxctlyjdb:  all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight.

mashtomlinson:  all of my love and prayers go out to paris tonight.

The Paris prosecutor's office says 8 attackers are dead after the terror attacks, seven of them in suicide bombings.

Had to go to bed early last night- just heard about Paris. Bastards.

You're a true top notch gent.  It's so refreshing..my heart breaks for Paris..#Paris #parisjetaime

At least 153 dead after terror attacks in Paris :-( #Prayers4Paris

I really hate when people try and blame a religion for the actions of other people, praying for Paris

INFORMATION ABOUT PARIS - scarfingaway: stirringwind: queengrinchywrites: Explosions and shootings in Paris

My prayers go out to all that were killed/injured  in Paris tonight. Praying for you and your families. #Prayers4Paris

For the first since 1944 Paris has a curfew.   It seems like it was easier to deal with back then. The enemy wasn't accepted or rationalized

U2 call it. Paris shows postponed.

Paris attacks: Indian Embassy opens helpline number  #Politics

So called tolerant historian says India ruled by Hindu Taliban :this is absurdamusing-say a word on Paris attack ,this is Muslim fanatism

If you're talking shit or turning this thing in Paris to spin it to your political beliefs. Kill your self.

Paris attacks: No Malaysians reported hurt or killed, says Wisma Putra [VIDEO]: KUALA LUMPUR:   #malaysia #news

My Heart goes out to all those in the horrible incident in Paris. Thinking of you and wish you are all safe x #ParisShooting #Paris

No doubt meaning of Friday the 13th was not lost on the cowards that carried out this heinous crime. Stand by Paris.

U2 'shocked' by deadly Paris attacks, cancels concert: NEW YORK        (AP) -- U2 has postponed  #Entertainment

I am shocked as is the world,the killing of innocent people in Paris,growing intolerance,time to propogate the message of true peace

God bless Paris. Justice for people of Paris #Paris

Breaking News: Terrorists attack in Paris killing over 150 people and hundreds more injured.

The right wing is going to exploit the Paris attacks for all the fear and hatred they can get out of them.

We are one world watching. Sending prayers out for Paris. #PrayersforParis #OneWorld #ParisAttacks

This world is fucked. All of our love, light  condolences to the beautiful city of Paris No words.

Paris Attacks Push Facebook, Twitter Users to New Tools: Social-media firms Facebook Inc. FB -3.77 % and Twitt

It's one thing to fight an armed enemy. Attacking unarmed  innocent civilians is the ultimate act of cowardice. Prayers for #ParisAttacks

Horrific news about the attack on #paris love and prayers for Paris.

Paris me attack plan karney gaya tha -  supports Pakistan  Terrorism: look they do in India

prez Obama should pledge support for USA by securing our borders! Protect us from attacks like Paris

Stop the hate lets pray for paris #ALDUBHappyBdayLOLA

Love  safety wishes to any of my followers in Paris, France tonight.

flights to Paris are 1k I checked already

Those are cowards who attacks like this and then suicide.Strongly condemn such attacks to HumanitySad for the #ParisAttacks today.

Don't understand the world I'm living in.  My heart breaks for the people of Paris. Pray for Paris. Pray for peace.

Naijagrace - Impacting The World : Paris Shootings: Live updates as at least 140 people dead

Witnesses Describe Chaos as Paris Attacks Unfolded: At least 120 people were killed in a series of attacks that the French president

this is so heartbreaking, may God bless everyone in Paris and other people who are involve in the situation.

Twice as many ppl got shot in Chicago on Halloween alone. Fuck Paris

Our hearts and prayers are with Paris.  My we unite and be strong. We will over come and conquer all.#1Love#Peace

Smh, get off work and the first thing I see is the tragedy in Paris. When does it stop? #ParisAttacks #Prayers4Paris

Wisma Putra: Malaysians hurt in Paris attack: In this hour of grief, Malaysia stands with France and its peopl

What kind of security was there in Paris???. they would probably catch the culprits but who will bring back the 150+ lives.:(

I'm sorry, I had a bad day between the racist guy at the dr. family selfishness over a will and then the Paris stuff.

What scares me most after Paris is that politicians and industrial military complex may now do almost anything they like off the back of it.

Anyone in Montreal, Canada who desires to remember the victims of the deadly attacks in Paris can gather outside the French Consulate

Paris terror attacks happened on Friday the 13thCoincidence?

Islamophobia is the wrong response to the terrorist attacks in Paris.

Shocking news coming from #Paris. My prayers with the families of victims of #ParisAttacks and people of France.

Live On CNN-IBN right now discussing Paris attacks

I heart 4 ever, 1st saw them opening for the Jungle brothers in '88-'89 in Paris. Sigh. #Paris

One thought on the Paris attacks. These terrorists want to divide ppl, provoke further conflict. Don't give them what they want.

praying for those in killed  injured in paris but also the many innocent muslims who will receive hostility bc of this crime #prayforparis

My thoughts are with my friends in Europe and especially Paris.  This kind of hate is about a warped sense of value that cannot be reformed

[Entertainment - Fox Eagles of Death Metal members escape Paris terror attack: The members of the American roc

Please pray for Paris! Horrible day of tragedy out there. #PrayForParis

I'm being called vile filthy names due to Paris tweets. Also called redneck. Bet a few rednecks w/guns would've been welcome there tonight.

Deepest condolences to those affected with the horrific tragedy in Paris. Stay strong. #PrayForParis

Attack at Paris's Bataclan: 'two or three males started capturing blindly at crowd'

My prayer goes out to everyone effected by the sensless tragedy in Paris.

Praying for Paris, our hearts go out to all those affected in the tragic events. #Prayers4Paris

You are truly insane to think Paris attack connected to GOP rhetoric. Really. Or just plain evil.  Your choice.

A little prayer for those in Paris Let terror only make us stronger #NotAfraid  #Prayers4Paris

Prayers n strength to the people in Paris #prayforparis

#weeds #drug Eagles of Death Metal members escape Paris terror attack: The members of the American rock band E

Don't worry Paris will be in my prayers, they we're praying for us during 9/11 its time for us to do the same. #GodHelpParis

So sad. Situation in Paris, France. Was there last month. Pics from my room. Praying for all.

I was hoping to get home and Paris would be fine. That's not life though. I wish all French people well. #PrayForParis

now I understand what happened. Paris is in my heart and prayers. I can't believe it :(

Congrats to the Paris football team for winning in the first round of state. Stay focused. #OnYourGrind

HATE BEING A TEENAGER BECAUSE I CAN'T FUCKING DO ANYTHING ABOUT PARIS OR ANY PLACE IN DANGER

So heartbreaking what has happened in Paris. Know the world is mourning with you xox #PrayersForFrance #Paris

To all those praising those who pulled that bullshit in Paris, fuck you. Death is not something to celebrate.

Thoughts are with all of those suffering in Paris. Can't believe what's happening over there.

Still can't understand why respond to the Paris attack with stating it has been happening in Palestin everyday

Emergency declared in Paris! Live Updates: Unprecedented terrorist attack in Paris - The Economic Times

Paris terror attacks leave awful realisation: Another massacre: A Parisian year that began wit  #pakistan #news

thank you, but please pray for people in Paris. They really need prayers. More attacks will come

Some bad stuff going on in Paris right now.   Heartsick. #paris

Thank you to the police in Paris that are working hard tonight to save all of the suffering people. Please stay safe  stay strong.

ofcos vry awful indeed, vry big loss der for the futbol lovers in Paris, big question remains there, n its Why??

#KCA #VoteJKT48ID bolero2010: Prayers to the family and people who got killed by the terrorists attack and to the hostages in Paris France.

#GetCovered  Israeli torture traders in Paris false flags in France!

Praying for Paris Families looking at politics and how they are handling the spread of terrorism!

Was my whiny tweet abt not wanting my bday to be associated with a tragedy somehow responsible for the terrorist attacks in Paris? Holy shit

Extremely so saddened, humanity kills attacks on Paris #PraysForParis

Paris was secured? Really? in your comments to Shep, please note the concert hall had NO security.  All you needed was a ticket

I am saddened by yet another senseless and heartless act. I pray for Paris and for us all #criminals  #ParisAttacks

Was about to gamble but friends finally finished 2 games to invite me on cs, they start it right away without me. I hope they died in paris

ooh because of what happened in paris today

God give more strength to people of Paris and Japan.

Paris ur in our prayers!! Stay strong!! This inhuman behaviour really needs to be stopped !!

Heard what happen in Paris  Praying for them ..

Paris the world is with you, Vive la France!

Yo everyone trippin' about whats going on in Paris, but hardly anyone knows thats there's a Genocide going on

I agree with you, but it's not just Akshay is now all the stars write about the tragedy in Paris

Paris in France, France in Europe, Europe in the World. World where America, America where Mexico. #PorteOuverte

Please pray for Paris. Horrible news. They need the comfort of God #prayforparis

Paris stood by us during 9/11, now it's time for us to stand with them. #PrayForParis

sungairapat: Paris under siege: Obama leads chorus of world outrage (VIDEO)

Damn, we lost some of our touring family in Paris Things I didn't want to hear tonight  I didn't

Indeed. My wife was due to be in Paris this weekend but cancelled her plans a month or so ago.

My thoughts and condolences go out to anybody affected by the shootings and bomb blasts in Paris last night , victims and their loved ones

Paris. We send our prayers to you.

had been reading news about Paris..heartbreaking #PeaceForParis

pray for paris? maybe we can pray for Japan too. they just got hit by 7.0 magnitude earthquake

hii sar i will definetly pray for paris

Thank God all my friends are safe in Paris! #PrayForParis  #ALDUBHappyBdayLOLA

Unbelievable what happened in Paris overnight #PrayForParis

Contact numbers for Sri Lankans who need assistance in Paris

Our hearts are heavy as our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and citizens in Paris, France. #PrayersforParis

goodnight. Paris will forever be in my prayers! #Pray4Paris

This started about illegal immig. I want ppl to obey law so we know who's here. Don't want another 9/11 or Paris

May lord safegaurd each and everyone out there in Paris. #prayforparis

#ParisAttacks 13/11 attack lyk 26/11 so plz found Pakistan, ISI and Hafiz Saheed involvement.

My hear goes to the families of victims in Paris, really sad

I hope all your friends in Paris are safe! Please send Xavier my regards, not sure if the number I have for him is updated.

Since yal are praying for Paris, kindly include Africa.

US cities, Singapore on heightened alert after Paris attacks - Rappler

I just found out about Paris and I am haunted by it. This could happen anywhere. Truly and utterly disturbing and awful.

We are waiting for new cartoons on the latest events in Paris #CharlieHebdo #ParisAttacks

I get off work and I hear crazy stuffwhat's goin on out Paris?

A tragic Friday in Paris leaves over 100 dead after shootings and explosions  #J2150D

prayers for paris, hope all the moto fam are okay there #LilleSx

Hope they limit it to geog area of Paris. Else, as in Nepal earthquake, we will have people in India clicking on it.

120 dead in Paris attacks, worst since WWIA series of attacks targeting young concert-goers, soccer fans and Parisians enjoying a Friday

Top Trend on #Twitter.#Paris:Injured person evacuated near Bataclan concert hall. UPDATE: Death toll is above 150.

#PrayForParis God Bless everyone in Paris. Life is precious. Appreciate the life you're given.

a big day for the Intolerance lobby after paris blast.

Praying for Paris and the whole world tonight. #prayers #thisneedstostop

We Pray For Paris. Such hateful attacks are shameful.

Retweeted MK Irish people concerned about family  friends in Paris, or the Irish there, can contact

What Muslims Are Saying About The Paris Attacks

Big Promo from Clarks BUY 1 GET 1 FREE only at Resort Level Paris Van Java Bandung

yesterday ur newspapers were saying to PM Modi,  muslim killer but what about ISIS paris attack.. #ParisAttacks #Prayers4Pari

My heart goes out to the city of lights, my dear Paris! #Prayers4Paris

Beirut, Paris, Japan we don't know what to think anymore #PrayForParis #PrayForBeirut #PrayForJapan

Pls i need answers, what actually caused paris attack

I Can't believe the cowards did that to people in Paris. I'm sure they'll get what they deserve!!

The same grief in my heart now as on the morning after 9/11. Paris, mon amour.

If I were in Paris I probably would have been at the show. There for the grace of God go I. My thoughts to the victims' family

I have relatives who lives in Paris and I hope they're okay and safe. My thoughts and prayers are with them tonight. #PrayForParis

Paris: a tale of two hashtags: But at the same time, another hashtag was quickly gaining traction. Supposed su

keep this in mind guys, there is likely to be some dumb shit said after the horrible events in Paris #prayforparis

James me and my family have come to Paris for a weekend away. got here yesterday and have just woken up to the horrific news

BloodBath in Paris,terrorism is a religion for ISIS #ParisAttacks #ISISattack #BloodBath #France

Believe it or not, there must be someone above us who are watching everybody. So justice will be done in Paris and in other places as well.

From all the admins at Just Rugby we send our deepest condolences to the victims of the Paris terror attacks and

We are reminded more on days like today that evil and chaos are very real. Pray for comfort for the families of the victims, and for Paris.

#WhenBadThingsHappenI do something good. Yeah Paris fuck yeah

reading the responses of some people to the situation in paris is making me feel helpless. where is the compassion.

Kelowna woman recounts terror attacks in Paris

Niggas prayin' for Paris but can't pray for their own city

Dallas (TX) KTVT:  American Airlines Cancels Flight From DFW To Paris Friday . More #Aviation #news -

Scores killed in Paris terror attacks at six separate sites  via usatoday

My heart and prayers go out to those affected by the Paris attack. May peace and justice prevail.

Politics:  U.S. officials say no known threat to homeland in wake of Paris attacks  via

My prays go out to the people of Paris.Just tragic#Prayers4Paris

God bless my friends at 4D in Paris. I hope yall are all safe. It's been a sad week.

No matter the country or color  the nation joins the world Paris, France #PrayForParis #PorteOuverte #Bataclan

Quite sad after listening to the news today-city of love goes into city of horror#france #ParisAttacks #parisonfire #ParisUnderAttack #Paris

We are deeply saddened by what's happening to our brothers and sisters in Paris. #PrayForParis

And in the lyrics from depeche mode I can't understand what makes a man hate another man help me understand. Peace for Paris.

Anyone care to tell me what happened in Paris??

In the streets of Paris, what is left is just silence

Hope all the scum that are responsible for the attacks on the innocent people in Paris get what's coming to then fifty fold.

Paris attacks: Targets were 6 very different venues

sorrow over the terrorist bombings in paris, good friends and family in paris in the given patience over this ordeal, God protect you all.

PARIS WRAP-UP: Over 150 killed, over 200 injured, state of emergency declared in the (cont)

Our prayers are with you people of paris. Stay strong #PrayForParis#StayStrong

TTW Today's News: From lights to hashtags and song, the world shows solidarity with Paris

France is indomitable, this is a hiccup in her history. Vivre La Republique. #ViveLaFrance #ParisAttacks #Paris #WeStandWithParis

thinking of everyone in Paris  their families can't begin to imagine the terror  grief they have experienced this evening #Prayers4Paris

I still can't believe it. My prayers for our brothers in Paris #PrayForParis #PrayersForFrance

I can't believe another massacre in Paris 160 lives are too many..#prayforParis

I'm so sorry Paris.May God protect you!

last time I was in #paris | sending strength + peace Stad De France

If your heart is too small to hold victims of Paris,Baghdad  Japan you don't have to spend any energy reminding those that can .

Sending all the love and support to Paris! What a tragedy! #Prayers4Paris #prayforparis

My heart breaks for the people of Paris. Praying for you and swift justice to be brought to those who supported these attacks #ParisAttacks

How did #CIA miss this attack? Is this an agency just glorified in movies  on #Homeland? What happened 2 #ParisAttacks

We fussing about Paris attack but here we have another attack on a famer in SA. No one fussing about 1000s killed.

So sorry to those in Paris and everyone effected. Stay safe guys 3 #PrayForParis

what about banning of travel to Paris, or discrimination is also in terrorism.

Horrific news from Paris tonight. It only takes a small number of very hateful people to cause a lot of damage.

no, they already had one, it explains their inability to comprehend the magnitude of Paris

Lets all pray for people of Paris for very tragic and inhumane act of terrorism.Religion is not the issue, the

The past day has been one of tremendous grief for those in Paris and for those of us watching from the rest of the world. #Prayers4Paris

this is so sad. i saw photos about Paris attack. stay safe and all of my prayers are for Paris #PrayForParis

Words cannot describe the horror  loss suffered by the people of Paris. #peaceinparis

Please don't make Paris attack as a legalization for France involvement in Syria war against ISIS. #Pray4Paris

Authorities in Massachusetts on Alert After Paris Attacks - NECN

Terror attack in Paris: State of emergency.Terror attack in Kenya: Another attack.

Paris attacks bear hallmarks of IS: Bishop - NT News

Had to see Sam  Jason scenes (Hulo.) Love my non realityStill prayers go to  Paris

Paris has turned off their lights off but the rest of the world turned theirs on

hey bby can you do my icon to the paris flag colors ? ;/

Donald trump as someone running for US president should not be talking about himself and should be sending his sympathy to Paris

PARIS ATTACK: 153 Killed; ISIS Takes Responsibility [VIDEOS  IMAGES]: A series of coordinated terror attacks

All my hopes and prayers go to Paris and Japan.Stay strong babes #PrayForJapan #PrayersForParis #PorteOuverte

At least 120 people killed in Paris attacks and another 200 injured, of which 80 seriously (police)

lol, how old are you kid? wheres your mommy? not in Paris I hope

Any one who didn't tweet about Paris needs to grab a heart quick. U weren't attacked. Paris was. TWEET ABOUT IT. #ParisAttacks #PrayForParis

BUT WE'RE WORKING ON IT: U.S. officials say no known threat to homeland in wake of Paris attacks

Damn paris got attacked Baghdad did too nd 2 earthquakes in mexico and japan in the same day #damn #PrayForTheWorld

Retweeted Hilary Benn Terrible events in Paris. We are all thinking of those who have lost

Maybe this Paris tragedy will wake people up to the corruption of this world and that we have to be ready and defend ourselves for anything

My condolences to all the people in Paris who have lost their loves ones.#Prayers4Paris

#ParisAttacks so similar to 26/11 attacks with multiple teams simultaneously hitting different places

RIP to our brothers and sisters in Paris. Relentless persecution of the heartless murderers!

The acts committed in Paris are unacceptable and shouldn't be tolerated in the simplest way. We need a response

Been waiting for some dumbass to mention the second amendment since I heard about the Paris situation

attack in paris, people all over the world concerned but attack in palestine , nobody give a damn

My heart  prayers go out to every innocent victim  their familiesBeirut Baghdad Paris To keep you all in my heart is just not enough

who cares when Paris is under attack

My heart hurts because myself and others had nights full of laughter while those in Paris had a night full of tears. #Prayers4Paris

Re: Paris attacks: At least 118 killed in gunfire and blasts, French official says 14/11/2015 02:01:06

Devastated thinking about the attacks in Paris tonight. What really has this world come to? Coordinated terror.

The world stands by your side dear Paris. May God be with you.. #ParisAttacks

Just got up, Paris, fuckinell

Muslim extremists continue their war on the West in Paris.  The Left plays with their navels, takes money from others, and dithers.

So frightening that violent acts like the ones in Paris seem to happen more and more frequently #Pray4Paris

20/20 is doing a special report on Paris. Starting now for West Coast.

Chicago Sun Times - Editorial: Response to Paris terrorism a measure of our character

I'll not be surprised to see that Nollywood has released a movie about the bombings in Paris before December.

Iranian President Hassan Rouhani cancels trip to France and Italy in wake of #Paris attacks.#ParisAttacks

Smh. This Tragedy In Paris Is Honestly Ridiculous And Sad. God Help Those Poor People.

Lets wait  c if its set up like 9/11 2 stop syrian refuges frm comng 2 europ. Paris is worst offendr n attackng Mus

Our heart felt goes to Paris 149 Dead in Paris attack,God heal the land.#PrayforParis

Only God knows whylets pray for Paris #Parisattack

Yemen: Why is US Media Ignoring a Massive War? | NEO #Yemen #Syria #Iraq #Paris Paris #USA

on #Periscope: Let's talk Paris Attacks. .. Ninja Turtle drawing and more. #PrayersForParis

Paris attacks: Bataclan and other assaults leave many deadBest source for accurate news. My thoughts are with Paris

Terrorist has no boundaries we must work together, Paris we stand with you

May #Peace rule over Paris, France and all over the world.

180 people killed, over 200 injured in #Paris terror attacks#ParisAttacks #ParisShooting

Today I pray for Paris. But I also pray for love, hope, safety and respect for any one on this planet

What the fuck happened in Paris?! This world really has gone mad.

Breaks my heart to hear what's happened in Paris. Just another reminder how precious life is.

What group is responsible for the killings in Paris? #ParisAttacks

Paris attacks leave more than 100 dead, will the madness ever stop?  via

Any confirmation re: the identities of attackers from #ParisAttacks ?

Japan's top govt spokesman, Chief Cabinet Secretary Suga, expresses shock and anger at Paris killings

The Latest: Social Media Respond to Paris Attacks - The New York

If you're shocked about Paris, it's time to wake up. This shit happenes everyday in the middle east. Figure it out people.

Lincoln Report (Landmarks Across the U.S. Show Solidarity With France After Paris Attacks)

I condemn the terrorist attacks in #Paris.Let's pray for entire world and humanity.#ParisAttacks

Prayers go out to the innocent in paris.. tragic and should not have happened

#HelpTheRefugees, fight their attackers, who are now also our attackers. #ParisAttacks #AttaquesParis #Paris #DontPrayAct #JeSuisParis

Social media is the fastest way to get information. When waking I read Facebook news. I got the information about Paris terrorist attacks.

Scouting #Politics: U.S. officials say no known threat to homeland in wake of Paris attacks  Thoughts?

Placido Domingo -  Ave Maria -  Classical ONE Paris   Listen Now -

My mind is with those who are suffering due to the terrorist attacks on Burj al Barajneh and Paris this week.

I went out in a major city last night like those in Paris, you expected the night I had. Prayers for #Paris

if we Pray for Paris? To which God? The one in who's name  people were killed Or.The one who ignored the prayers of those as they died.

My heart breaks and my prayers are said for you, Paris. #PrayForParis

Do you think when 9/11 happened, all the teenagers in Paris were like yeah that's bad but let me tell you why Paris has it worse.

Extremely coward attack on civilians in Paris. It's time for the world to unite against ISIS and other terror groups. #ParisAttacks

love and prayers out to paris and everyone affected. whatever God you believe in, i pray they lift you up in this time of need.

There were suicide bombing attacks in Beirut and Baghdad also yesterday. How did #ParisAttacks become an attack on humanity but others not?

Paris attacks are fucked up. Anti-Muslim response is fucked up. Stay level-headed and channel your emotions in a positive way.

My heart goes out to Paris.makes me sick

Condolences to the ppl in France after the cowardly and heartless attacks in Paris. It seems as if religion is

Paris turned out the lights as a sign of mourning, but the rest of the world lit the (Vine by

In as much as the Paris attack is sick, France has been causing untold suffering in Africa and the Middle East.

#LiveLeak #Video: French Fans Sing 'La Marseillaise' after Paris Bombings/Shootings Solidarity: French fans re

yes I'm, thanks for asking. I'm in Lille at the North but I'm shocking what happened in Paris cc

PARIS 13-Nov-2015: At Least 153 Dead [CNN] | CODE ORANGE ALERT: Propitiousness for CODE RED #Terrorism=27.1%; for CODE YELLOW or Worse=53.3%

The situation is terrible and scary, prayers for everyone in Paris right now

Can't even imagine what it must be like in Paris. Sad day in history. Read this, today will never be forgotten

#Prayers4Paris There are no words.  We are thinking and praying for you Paris.

Heartbreaking news about Paris. Evil reaches every corner of the world. Love and protect each other. We've all we got. #PrayForParis

My heart and hope goes out to you, Paris. Sleep does not come easy in the wake of your suffering and fear.

Philippines - where 'AlDub' trends more than real life issues, the incident in Paris

Thankful that my friends in #Paris are safe, but still sadden by the attack. #ParisAttacks

The atrocities in Paris over night, must drive home the need to invest in UK security and Police not cut investment? Just heartbreaking..

Cowardly attacks on innocent ppl..shame..my thoughts with Paris..

If you are in Paris (paris) and need somewhere safe to stay, or can offer a safe  haven for people who can not

We are with you Paris. We are suffering the same for many years, so we know the pain. #ParisAttacks

Inhumanity been showed today in paris may god give patience to all the familis of victims#ParisAttack

Its raining where I am. Its been raining for days. I'll pray for Paris

Sending prayers up for Paris. God help us all!

I don't understand how people can have that much hate in their heart. Pray for Paris, as well as the world we are living in #PrayForOurWorld

#ParisAttacks if Allah endorses this Paris shit then he is a dumb fuck too!

I suddenly feel anxious while i was reading these articles about Paris! Let's #PrayForParis

Very sad to hear about the Paris attacks. Completely unnecessary  terrible. Stop the hate and violence. #prayforparis

Morning People!!! Sorry to hear about Paris attacks! May the victims rest in peace. #Paris #RIP

It's crazy that all of these celebrities are saying Pray for Paris but none of them had bothered to say Pray for Mizzou

Official: As many as 120 dead in string of Paris attacks   via ThePhilStar

Death toll in #ParisAttacks could reach 160  8 attackers may be dead-      #Paris prosecutor

Thoughts and prayers with Paris.  may we all find end to the world's causes and conditions that lead here

attacks in Paris Pray for more courage for the people in Paris against these cowardly attack please pray for Paris

Will our Colorado leader, Gov, show  support for Paris by turning on our Capitol's lights?  Living in France was awesome.

CCI FRANCE JORDANIE STRONGLY CONDEMNS THE TERRIBLE ATTACKS IN PARIS. OUR FEELINGS AND PRAYERS GO TO ALL FAMILIES OF THE INNOCENT VICTIMS.

Dom on Instagram:My thoughts are with our friends in Paris right now. Very sad news.. #peaceforparis #prayforparis

Wats happening in Paris doesn't seem like it

Everyone must ensure that no more of attacks like the #ParisAttacks happen again, for that the middle east has to stand up..

Au: Security ramps up in Australia after Paris attacks - MAJOR events and public transport hubs in Australia wi

yesterday Paris ,the day B4 was Beirut, must be a connection? Jihadi John dead , Sinjar taken back. #ISIS in desperate crisis

Paris attacks: Melbourne to light up red, white and blue in support of Paris terror victims: Melbourne will li

waking up to 6 facebook notifications informing me that my friends, and my mother, are all marked safe during the paris terror attack

im so sad to hear what just happened in paris, france. maybe we're not there to help you but our, and your prayers will do. #Prayers4Paris

Facebook sets up safety check-in for Paris residents: Facebook today launched a check-in feature to let people

Paris is burning tonight, yet it's more important to continually repost the redneck mom story with 15 kids #priorities

HOW IS PARIS FINE WHEN 100 PEOPLE ARE BEING HELD HOSTAGE AND 68 ARE DEAD?

Retweeted Financial Times Video: World leaders react to Paris attacks

Nowhere is safe anymore, shocked by Paris

People: #PrayForParis. Paris: thanks, but we've had enough of religion for tonight. #NothingFailsLikePrayer #Atheist #Atheism

Just came to know about the massacre in Paris. Very sad.  Stay strong, France.

My sincere condolences go to those who have been bereft of their near and dear ones in the Paris attacks late evening yesterday.

I stand with Paris, both of us resilient in the face of Islamist/Jihadist terror and theocracy. #LongLiveParis

My heart breaks for the people of Paris. Praying for peace, comfort, and safety for all the victims and praying for justice.

u hear d Paris thing  weY happen yesti gbekee

My heartfelt prayers for all the innocent lives lost in Paris..

Everything happening is Paris is breaking my heart. I hope we can all get along one day, differences aside. Violence is never the answer.

Praying for Paris #PorteOuverte, hoping all the #DFB team is resting easy after the traumatic night in France, and wishing peace would come.

How can people do this to other people! My thoughts are with the people of Paris today.

My heart goes out to those affected in Paris and France. #prayingforparis

Today morning in happened in Paris by Seria We Are all Indian Muslim shocked

Blood shed in such a beautiful country is just not easy to take. Those who have attacked paris is dead inside n pure evil. #ParisAttacks

I feel so sad and angry and sickened to hear about Paris. We live in a sick, sick world.

my thoughts are with the victims of today's atrocity in Paris #IStandWithParis

How to contact friends and family in Paris in tee wake of Friday's terror attacks

You can say it's hate, which it is, but I think there's one attribute that relates the drawing and Paris tragedy: Narcissists.

My problems are all obsolete in comparison to what has happened in Paris.. #prayforHUMANITY

What is happening? ?God bless Paris. ..

Dear Paris,Your 13/11 is our 24/7 Sincerely;Iraq, Syria ,Afghanistan  Pakistan

Terrifying and saddening to see what transpired in Paris today. This is why the world needs #Sheepdogs #Prayers4Paris

Our hearts ache for the atrocities that have recently occurred in Paris. Our deepest prayers are lifted for the

Terrible  Paris attacks: shootings and explosions leave at least 158 dead

Terrible, sad news from Paris- must   educate people about peace / understanding rather than reacting to terror with violence and hatred.

World is One on Paris tragic time Paris we have Faith, Love and emotional touch with you

Love and Light to Paris, and our French brothers and sisters. #lovewins #prayforparis #LoveandLight

Thoughts of love and solidarity go out to all souls suffering from tonights atrocities in Paris .

Heard about what happened in Paris and it's so upsettinginnocent people's lives lost. #PrayForParis

Deeply saddened by yet another sickening act of cowardice this time in Paris. Thoughts are with those with family who didn't come home.

#SWControl Our thoughts are with the people of Paris and France. #PrayforParis. jhb

what I'm confused isn't pray for Paris a good thing

Condolences to all the family of 120 people killed in Paris #FightForParis  #ParisAttacks  #Fightagainstterrorist

EU, NATO chiefs deeply shocked by attacks in Paris: BRUSSELS - European Commission President Jean-Claude Junck

Pray for Paris. Pray for our World. We need each other. We need Peace. Our World is under attack spiritually.

ModiJi was just 500KM away from Paris. Now lets blame Modi

Can't wait to learn about the motives of that attack on Paris

Vive la France!!!! Yes Paris!!! Stand Up!!!

As you pray for paris. Pray for Nigeria as well. Lot worst happen in the North everytime

I am A Muslim this attack is totally against the teaching of holy Quran . This is the time We Need to sit together I cndm #ParisAttacks

Paris attacks: What we knowk

WXIA/11 Alive: Atlantans worry about family in Paris

Its time 2 start the nuking, take back our power. Nothing else can work. #ParisAttacks #Paris

Be it Paris,Peshawar,Mumbai or Newyork  Terrorism Is Same .. It Dosnt Have Any Relegion #ParisAttacks #StopTerorism #Prayers4Paris

I'm unaware of the paris thingy. Ano ba meron

You mean to say one of those terrorists tonight in Paris was a read headed Irish kid? Nope. ALL MUSLIM. #nogame

It's heartwarming to see so many people pray for Paris, but where were you when Beirut was bombed just yesterday?

Islamophobia/anti-Muslim groups are horrible.the attacks in paris are devastating, but you can't profile every Muslim person you come across

Am shocked with the attack in Paris our prayers are with you  heartfelt condolences

Paris! Our prayers! Our thoughts!

My prayers for the people and city of love ! Really sad to hear the terror attack #StayStrongParis #PrayforParis #ParisAttacks

We want to send our thoughts and prayers to Paris. As we have players nearby we hope you and your family's are safe. #Prayers4Paris #CA

Paris terror attack conducted by Daesh/ISIS.

Paris attacks: Travel advice to Australians - The Sydney Morning Herald

2/2 These terrorist attacks in Paris were not only against French people, but also an aggression against humanityfreedom-loving people

Saddened  horrified by news from Paris. Please don't let hate win. Thinking of all those who have lost loved ones.

My thoughts go out to the innocent people killed in Paris #solidaritywithparis

Haven't been able to check FB since early this morning and when I finally do I learn about the tragedy in Paris.

Waking up to the horrific news on what has happened in Paris over night. Thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected #prayforparis

it's saturday morning in paris and parisians are stuck inside their homes for fear of their lives. just horrifying. #PeaceinParis

What happened in Paris is completely devastating

My thoughts go out to all those in Paris who are dealing with this tragedy and for all those who have seen it firsthand. #PrayForParis

#PeaceForParis .and great artwork ! Thankful my sister was not in the country, praying for Paris !

8 pieces of dead meat that will rot with maggots in Paris no heaven or hell for them ha ha guaranteed .

Prayers up for Paris. May the lost souls rest in peace. Bounce back soon Paris, i am still planning to visit.

JUD/LeT on Paris massacre. I'm pretty sure many will buy this bunk and peddle victimhood.

Our hearts go out to all the victims, their families and friends in Paris  Beirut #prayforparis #prayforbeirut

Paris terror attacks: Reaction from leaders around the world  #Cleveland

Paris after 9-11. Now it our turn to support them #PrayforParis #PrayForPeace

I am horrifiedshockedand revoltedPeople of Paris.I am with you#ParisAttacks

What happened in Paris is sobering. Innocent civilian deaths are bullshit. What a mess exists in some minds. My condolences to the families.

Y'all are praying for Paris, not bad but Boko haram attacks here everytime and all y'all do is blame the government

More Than A 100 Lives Were Lost Undeservingly. Terrorists Are Bullshit. Now Paris Is Locked Up Because Of Two Idiots. #ParisAttacks

All of my love and prayers go out to Paris today.Paris we are with you.. #ParisAttacks

Does Paris take off for us EVER? I think not. We hurt for them and advocate for them but we don't stop for ourselves.

#News Terror in Paris | Bangkok Post: learning: Rescuers evacuate people following an attack in the 10th arron

IS it a coincidence OBAMA  HAD THIS HAPPEN SAME DAY AS PARIS MASSACRE? Hmm?

Tragedy and tragedyBlood everywhere Screaming and cryingPoor innocents It's in Paris, it's everywhere #ParisAttacks

#ParisAttacks it's a shocking news. .the silent, beautiful. lovers corner. in world. .that Is Paris. really sad about the news

Pray forma PARIS York City, Bronx

Here come the justification of #ParisAttacks. they have gone beyond Religion of Peace! #ParisShooting Paris

Woke up to the sad news on the terrorism in Paris. Thoughts go out to all affected.

My heart breaks for the people of Paris. When will this end? This world needs Jesus.

Terror on paris they said, there's will be a reason why that happen, hope is not conspiracy for start war again like 9/11 #ParisAttacks

Really, very sad news from Paris.

Everyone is praying for Paris and posting because it's PARIS. They would never pray for any other country or even care about them

A thoughts for those affected by this senseless madness, we are with the people in Paris #prayforparis #paris

My heart goes out to the people in Paris. Let there be unity in moving forward from such a tragedy. #NousSommesUni

Waking up to the Paris scenes with utter disbelief and sadness our thoughts are with you all

Paris goes dark to mourn and the world shows their support. #citizensoftheworld #Prayers4Paris

Paris is cloying down many of its public spaces in response to this assault

For a moment I was wondering why Paris? Still confused though but let's #Pray4Paris and the world too

All major public spaces in Paris like schools, museums, libraries, gyms, pools, food markets to remain shut in response to #ParisAttacks

Sincere heart goes to the People of paris. God will Comfort them.

New York, other US cities beef up security after Paris attacks: The New York Police Department said officers f

Pakistan denounces Paris terror attacks - SAMAA TV (press release) (registration) (blog)  #terrorism #security

I stand with our brothers and sisters of Paris in prayer. Terrorism should be brought to an end, ENOUGH IS ENOUGH.

Nothing to smile about after 153 killed in Paris terror attack. My thoughts and prayers goes to the family,

Don't know what these Terrorists get by killing people! Stay Strong Paris, the World is with you!

I've seen more posts/tweet about Paris today than about Nepal the whole time since the earthquake. Don't know what to think.

We are hearing inconsistent claims of Paris airport closures. Booking systems show flts are operating in and out. Pls confirm status

Paris - what can I say. More mindless killing of innocent people - has the world gone mad? As we look helplessly on we just know it won't be

1: PARIS: In the deadliest violence to strike France since World War II, a wave of coordinated #14Nov - #YaadgarRiwaitiShabeDari

Our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in Paris and all those who have family and friends over there.

I highly condemn the attacks on Paris #ParisAttacks #Prayers4Paris ..all terrorist scum should be burnt down from the roots .

My heart goes out to all those people in Paris , May God be with them through this difficult time like he was w/us

Spotify changed the playlists titles for Paris. #PeaceinParis

Our prayers are with #Paris - good rest the innocents that lost their lives. State Of Emergency After Paris 'Horror'

Can't believe what I'm hearing. All my thoughts and prayers go to all the people in Paris. #ParisAttacks #Paris #Prayforparis

DO NOT USE THE PARIS EVENT AS A REASON TO HATE BE A RACIST, YOU ARE SCUM, AND A FUCKING MORON

touchingly sad news.   Pray for Paris

Using #PorteOuverte if you need help in Paris right now. Find the kind parisians to help. Pass it on #BeSafe #Paris

We Are Living Our Lives In Fear. Looking at the terrorism in America   now in Paris, France Wondering what is next   will I be a victim

Really praying my godmother is back from Paris safely.

You're still saying that bombs in the Middle East justifies/excuses bullets in Paris.

My heart aches for the victims in Paris :( #ParisAttacks #PrayForParis

Love is the way but sometimes people refuse that and then you must fight. This Paris event reminds us all that

What has happened in Paris? Before Captain Hindsights start to rant, let us grief for losses of life there. Sad, sad stuff.

Did the hostages in Paris make it out safe?

Devastated to hear the news about Paris this morning. Praying for the killed, injured, and their families. #PrayForParis

Paris shuts down major public spaces in response to #ParisAttacks.Schools, museums,libraries,gyms,pools,food mkts to remain shut (Times Now)

pray for paris aka talk to yourself to make yourself feel better

what happened to Paris I'm so fucking confused

. Watch the hate media try to blame abbot for the Paris problem . They,ll work him into it some how

RIP for the ppl died in #ParisAttacks hope for quick counter attack

Stay strong #Paris. The entire world mourns with you in these horrific attacks! #ParisAttacks #PrayForParis

Not at all Thah hlampe loko kokusiza somewhere empilweni, Paris wont help you in any way.

Thoughts and condolecence to the family and friends of those that died in Paris #prayforparis

I don't see burundi on TV. I ohly see Paris

Shocked and saddened to wake up to the news of the horror that occurred in Paris.  :-( #prayforparis

Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif condemns attacks in Paris and said Pakistan extends its support to bring the perpetrators to justice: PM office

I pray for Paris. Please all country help Paris and hate terrorist

Lord help those who are in need in Paris #PrayForParis

Yes we all barely talk abt BH and Northeast attacks maybe becos we numb to it , but it is wrong , yes. Doesn't mean we shld neglect Paris.

I have sat and drank coffee in cafe's in Paris. My heart goes out to everyone who is there or affected in any way

Hundreds of people died from yesterday's attack on Paris, Human life has no value anymore?

What a sad thing to wake up to.My heart goes out to Paris,This is labeled as the worse attack since world war 2

Woken up to the terrible news in Paris. So very very sad. My thoughts are with you Paris #Pray4Paris

India is intolerant as 1 musilm died.Now muslims killed 150 in Paris. Seculars dnt consider muslim Intolerant. Hypocrisy!

All of us in are praying for the victims of shocking Paris terrorist attacks.Our hearts go out to all reeling from this tragedy

All these ppl praying for Paris on my tl, as if this wasn't caused by religion.

Please be safe everyone in Paris..how horrible..even if it's not much all my best wishes to you

U2 cancels Live from Paris show, was to have been telecast live on HBO. Will reschedule. Read update here:

China condemned #ParisAttacks, expressed readiness to join France, international community in combating terrorism. #Paris

Do not be weak in any struggle to end terror along the Paris vasiyo Gathering courage of its ur big fight.  #PraysParisterrorattack

Social media sites lit up by terror tragedy in Paris: As it has in many recent global events,  #parisguardian

In Paris but not around the area where the explosion took place  I am safe :)

i am PARIS, FUCK ALL JIHADISTS Italy

Suprise suprise, the Germans come to Paris and yet again theres bombs and machine guns.

Finally catching up on the news and it's absolutely horrifying and heartbreaking. Heart  thoughts with Paris.

Prayers for Paris. We have friends in Paris that had to witness this horrific attack. All our love and prayers. #peaceinparis

Deep condolences for all the victim in Paris.. :'(

It's sad to hear news of shedding the blood of innocent people and the world must agree to fight criminals # sad events of Paris

#ParisAttacks  So sorry about what happened , it's a shock but Paris have to stay strong as brothers and sisters

Terror and Confusion in Paris: On the Boulevard Beaumarchais, there was shock on Friday over a sie

I was at a party when I heard about Paris.. My whole family live there I was so scared

It's absolutely awful what's been happening in Paris

The Endarkenment. The inhumanity of moral and cultural blindness. Je pleure pour Paris. #ParisAttacks

My heart goes out to all of the families in Paris today. #Prayers4Paris

I pour my heart to the families of the people who died in Paris by terrorist attacks.What wrong with the world?

my thoughts are with everyone in Paris. I hope all Warrior fans make it home safe #PrayForParis

My prayers and thoughts goes to the Families who lost their Loved ones in Paris.

Our thoughts prayers are with those killed and their loved ones in Paris. We should have a 2 minute silence

What's happend with paris and japan??! Someone pls tell me

Thoughts with Paris today, shocking to see the extent of the attacks. I fear for the migrants fleeing this conflict as horror turns to hate.

Good morning guys,,, sorry I was drunk and slept early!! What the hell happening in Paris?!! All my Parisian friends and family are safe?!!

Paris turned the lights off for a reason, to mourn

I don't have the words. My thoughts are with Paris this morning.

It is very sad to know about Paris terror attack. The god (may be Allah) should punish the culprits.

Simply cannot take in what has happened in Paris. Prayers for all those left distraught, and for leaders who are deciding how to respond.

Sad to hear about the attacks in Paris. Smh

No religion teach us to kill any human being. India is facing terror attacks since long.#ParisAttacks

You know you're salty when you talk about Censorship in video games rather than worrying for all the victims at Paris, I feel like shit.

Is there a vigilante against the devils in Paris anyone can join?

Hey Paris, two words: Concealed Carry #PrayForParis

It's disgusting how folks on Twitter are using Paris as an excuse to attack Israel. As if that logically follows

Our thoughts and prayers are with the people of Paris and everyone affected by these terrible atrocities

Paris is a really beautiful city. RIP to the victims,stay strong to others who lost friends or familie members. #PrayForParis

Thoughts and prayers with the people of Paris and France shocking and brutal. Fanatics are everywhere no matter what colour race or creed

My prayers go to those in Paris tonight.

Paris is one of my favourite cities in the world. Met a lot of very cool people there. My heart goes out to everyone there.

ISIS Gloats Over Terrorism in Paris  #ISIS via

My heart goes out to all the victims that lost their lifes in Paris and their families.

Paris terror attack: NZ Islamic leaders condemn attack: New Zealand's Islamic leaders have condemned the  (NZH)

interesting that you don't quote the whole verse #dishonest #Prayers4Paris #ParisAttacks #Paris

abcnews - French Players Work Through Heavy Hearts After Paris Attacks: French NBA players work through heavy

What kind of advice is 'Stay safe' after a terror attack? Like they won't otherwise.  #ParisAttacks

100 % similarity in Paris 13/11  Mumbai 26/11.attack's.Planing,Idea's,Type of Area,Procedure as well as weapon's used in both Attack's.

Harper's gone. This is the new goal. Push leaders to do the right thing in Paris in spite of Friday 13th terrorism.

Welp goodnight and gives prayers to the people in Paris#prayforparis

Paris attacks: David Cameron offers condolences if you did not expect these attacks you are stupid.

Been trying to ignore this Paris story but it really sounds sad.

Suicide attackers in Paris massacre more than 120 at concert hall, restaurants, Stade de France | The National

we are not sad because what happened in paris .. we are human we feel there are souls killed for no reason .. a little bit of humanity!

One of the #isis post (( it's a big victory for #IslamicState today in #paris )) #ParisAttacks #ParisShooting

Waking up to all this horrible news from Paris and other cities. #prayforparis

When I hear about attacks especially one as big as Paris it affects me so deeply. Idk anyone from Paris or in Paris but it hurts my heart.

Zarif, FM spokesman slam Paris terrorist attacks  #Iran

Police: All gunmen are believed to be dead following Paris attacks - KTIV

Paris Attack: Live coverage on now with Watch live:  #7News

Stop killing innocent people #ParisAttacks Stay #strong #Paris

Let's say something about this too.. #Paris #ParisAttack #ParisAttacks

The attack will affect football all over the World. With the Euro2016 around the corner. #parisattack

Sending out Prayers,Courage and Love for  everybody in Paris. Stay United  Strong

Our thoughts and hearts are with those in Paris #PrayForParis

Let me extend my condolences to the victims in the Paris attacks. My heart goes out to them  their families. In my prayers.

Thoughts and Prayers with those in Paris! There are no excuses for such an act !!!

here are a few pictures from when I went to London, Madrid, Barcelona and Paris back in 94

Let us pray for Paris. The bombing and slaughtering of innocent people is not a modern and civilized act in this modern era.

Our prayers from #JordynCreations for the city of Paris and families of the victims#Amen#PrayForParis

$30 #Limoges fine china #ashtray PARIS theme with gold paint

Last night's horrific events in Paris are a sobering reminder of just how petty our daily preoccupations really are.

thinking about the folks in Paris.thanks, Carla.

Paris Attacks: Stephen Colbert Delivers Somber Monologue on 'Late Show'  via

My prayers go to Paris and their people.

When will your next verbal  Diarrhea against Modiji and Hindus?  Was hindu there in Paris?  Who did these terorism?

Heinous attacks on Paris show that how barbaric terrorism can be.. A sport venue, a concert hall!! #really #Prayers4Paris  #ParisAttacks

U2 'Devastated' Over Paris Attacks, Cancels Show: The rock band U2 postponed its planned Saturday concert in P

Dude what happened to Paris wtf.

Sent by a friend who is safe in Paris tonight.

Paris! Was just there ministering last week. I weep for the City of Lights! Jesus weeps too. Today we are all Parisians. #prayforParis

What happened in Paris is an indication that the world needs to unite to end terrorism it is a global threat

send out your support to people in Paris, for there will be an end to this trouble as long as we all know where to look.

My heart goes out to everyone affected by what happened in Paris today #Prayers4Paris

Let us pray for the victimized Children of Paris.. #happy_childrens_day #God_be_with_you

RIP all those who were killed in the cowardly and dastardly attacks in Paris..

Hi, I see Aer Lings are offering full refunds to anyone who were supposed to be travelling to Paris today, are Ryanair doing same?

Still processing today's events in Paris. Just when I think nothing can shock me anymore. Damn. What more can be said?

This Paris attack situation neh, mna I'm stingy with my prayers you have to earn them

our thoughts  prayers from Australia are with you in Paris as we grieve for all victims of this horrific atrocity #auspol #euronews

#prayforparis. Awful news for Paris feel the people over there.

What were not finna do at this point in the Paris attacks is victim blame

my son's amazingly articulate  knowledgeable re global polities  ramificationseffects on youth/our country re Paris

So sad about Paris. I'm gonna pray for your. It's not much, but that's all I can do.

Shocking Discovery Reveals Paris  USA Were Forewarned! Evidence Indicates USA May Soon Be Next! (Video)

thanks i am living near paris it's a nightmare

Attack of the Cowards on the Innocent.. Sad to wake up on this news this morning. My prayers for everyone who lost their lives #ParisAttacks

The fact students are calling for Mizzou news coverage over the Paris terror attacks is sickening #PrayForParis

My thoughts, heart and prayers are with the people of France, in particular my former school mates in Paris. Be

Since the events that happened in Paris overnight H50 writers decided not to tweet about the episode tonight

After every attack why Islam has been defended,if terrorism don't have any religion?#ParisAttacks

President Obama Delivers A Statement On The Paris   #Hip-hop |

sir you also in Paris right? Everything fine around you there..?

heard about Paris. my Parisian friends - and everyone, really. stay safe. don't choose violence. take care. help others. please, stay safe.

Paris, sending all of my love

The Lumads are suffering, Paris is suffering, Japan is suffering, Lebanon is suffering. No life is worth more than another.

BYU student in Paris describes confusion of terrorist attacks

7 terrorists detonated suicide bombs in horrific Paris attacks, official says - USA TODAY  mAt global jp

Many famous places across the globe lit up for Paris#PrayForParis - w

Its sad what happened in Paris but European/Western nations never/hardly reciprocate the kind of solace we give well just a thought

this message helped me today to digest the murders in Paris.

Okay so i'm so sad to hear about what happened in paris but why didn't anyone get this sad 2 days ago when 60+ people died in lebanon bc of+

Rock band U2 have cancelled a gig due to take place in Paris tonight following the terror attacks.

President Obama calls Paris massacres an attack against 'all of humanity'

this is something way bigger than religion and my heart, thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in Paris tonight. #Prayers4Paris

I pray for the ppl of Paris and who injured and lost their livevs

Another heinous and immoral act on one of my favorite city Paris !!! This is really scary !! Shocked  #prayforparis

No one is forcing for you to pray for Paris. Go on your daily life  let those who want to pray pray

woke up to the news about paris :c #PrayForParis

Events in Paris last night are just so fundamentally terrible and wrong. Solidarity beautiful city. My thoughts are with you.

Shocked to hear the news of Paris attack.  World should be united against terrorists . Praying and sending peace to #Paris #ParisAttacks

My thoughts on the fucked up shit in Paris

My thoughts are with you paris. And everyone of course. Friday the 13th has been a rough one this time around #lovetoall those affected

Breaking News: #Orlando The Latest: GOP candidate Ben Carson condemns Paris attacks

Half of the people saying pray for paris have never even prayed

heart goes out to the victims of Paris attack..do remember them in ur prayers

This picture is from January. Paris is currently under curfew ffs.

Condolences to families of those brutally murdered through terror acts in Paris and Beirut.sad reality of increasing terror in the World

Race does not belong in an argument about religion. 9/11: Muslims, Benghazi: Muslims, Paris: Muslims, Madrid: Muslims.

LIVE on #Periscope: Is it safe to fly through Paris tomorrow?  On way to germany

My heart goes out to Paris this morning ..

Family Outreach Ministries heartfelt prayers go out to the people in Paris and surrounding nations

St. Thomas last year, please pray for Paris. France tayo last year diba!!

Muslims busy defending their religion when its time to condemn Paris terrorist attack

Boss that's because crazy isis commented q Rome, London and Los Angeles are as follows fe attacks after Paris

Paris attackers blamed Hollande for interfering in Syria : Witness

3 weeks ago we came back from an amazing Europe trip. Tonight we checked in with our Air BnB Paris hosts and they're okay. #KOT

This's what tech is made for Google Hangouts Calls 2 France Free In The Wake Of Attacks In Paris

Our thoughts and sympathy go out to Paris

you speak the language of jihadis. Justifying terror in paris with comparisons #terroropologist

Just watching the news from Paris.There are no words. #ViveLaFrance

why is Paris everybody's dream place? mine is Rome

Praying for Paris and for the families, our hearts are breaking sorry for all your losses

I hope someone in the media asks Ben Carson where his sources were on the Paris attacks and why he let it happen .

My heart goes out to families and those who were tragically killed in Paris, so sad. #PrayForParis

PHOTOS: PARIS ISLAMIC TERROR ATTACKS

Truly horrible what went on in Paris last night. The world must face into this ever growing problem, and act now #ParisAttacks

I wake up and all I see is the terrible news about Paris. #PrayForParis

I cried this morning as I read the reports on the attacks in Paris. I don't understand. I'm heartbroken for those who lost family  friends.

Strongly deplore what has happened in Paris heartfelt condolences to all families

Immensely sad and outraged by the attack on Paris. My prayers for all those who lost their loved ones. #Prayers4Paris

Climate summit is in few days in Paris ,Security protocol already in place i believe how did this horrible people pull off this attack? #

(Paris Attack)EXPLOSION Sound During GER VS FRA Match.K #ParisAttacks

What horrendous news to wake up to about Paris. I can't stop thinking about all those people, I'm so sorry this happened to you.

Really? Paris is going through major shit and your main concern is who won woman of the year? FFS.

(Paris Attack)EXPLOSION Sound During GER VS FRA MatchP #ParisAttacks

#World: 7 terrorists detonated suicide bombs in horrific Paris attacks, official says: Frenc  via

terrorism is everybody's bizness, it Paris today, it may be Ogun state tomorrow

My sincere condolences to victims of multiple blast in concert, football game, bars and cafes. #ParisAttacks #Paris

what is new ,it is happening from phipines to paris, worlds crocodile anguish of mo use

Awoke in shock due to what's happened in Paris my prayers and thoughts with the families of the innocent victims brutally murdered last nite

je suis bless le paris, my French is total shit, but for Christ's sake, God Bless #Paris and her people

Not good news in Paris. Such a wonderful place #PrayForParis

My heart is with Paris, my favorite city, tonight. My thoughts and prayers are with #Paris today.

Staying up an watching the Paris stuff#thisworldisweird

How prophetic #FranceUnderAttack #ParisAttacks Are the suburbs of Paris incubators of terrorism?

13/11 Paris Terror Attack: At least 150 killed; France declares emergency - PardaPhash: Latest

Song.. hope sane heads prevail in reaction to Paris.cc and since Iron Maiden,

The Dark Empire wishes to express our prayers and sympathy for the victims and their families in the Paris tragedy.

what happened in Paris today is what happens on a daily basis there. That's what they are fleeing

Going to bed with a heavy heart. My prayers are w/ everyone in pain tonight. In Paris, Lebanon  Japan. Praying for the terrorists too. gn

My thoughts are with those poor people of Paris whose Friday night out ended up in disaster. Mixed thoughts about the perps being killed.

I hope for our senior trip, I can actually go to Paris. :D But of course that's a dream :P

I don't know what to make of all these news around the world. Paris, Mexico, Japan, Iraq, Lebanon in one day.

Saddened but not surprised by what has happened in Paris. When will people wake up. #londonnext #ParisAttacks

attacks on paris might be a diversion? but for what? man, this got me thinking.

Paris attacks Again. My thoughts are with these people.

This goes out to Paris and Japan and Mexico, or to anyone suffering right now- at this very moment..I'm praying for you.

Do people from Paris care that our girls are not even back?

Our thoughts are with Paris now and with those who have lost their loved ones last night

goodnight everyone don't forget to pray for paris and this sad excuse of a world we live in

Dear Paris, France. We are praying for you. #ParisAttack

The whole arena prayed for Paris and Japan wow that so adorable and beautiful

French Seek Friends, Shelter on Social Media After Paris Attacks - NDTV

6 different locations hit by extremists in Paris, hundreds dead or injured, thousands traumatised. #Prayers4Paris

Some more artwork by Jean Jullien the artist that came up with The Peace For Paris Artwork

Currently unsure if we will be able to leave Paris tonight, though they believe all gunman have been killed.

Whilst Paris turned off their lights in mourning, the rest of the world turned theirs on in support. #PrayForParis.

boykoyan's photo  horrible. Pray for Paris. #paris#pray forwards

Now Indian liberals returning award to isis coz isis being intolerant. #AwardWapsi #paris #ParisAttacks

Hopefully we do not hear Hezbollah cheering on the Paris attacks. It works both ways

Thoughts and prayers to all the family and friends of the innocent victims of the terrorist attacks in Paris

Paris Tragedy: Now how do we explain that Geneva Talks -II, on Syria between US, Russia  major powers were to begin today?Just connect dots

My heart go out to Paris tonight, and the Muslims that will have to deal the storm of Islamophobia.

Paris Shootings: The World Honours The City Of Lights: The Eiffel Tower normally turns its lights off at 1 a.m

As long as millions are denied a hopeful future, Paris will repeat itself. It's sadly more complicated than crushing IS.#ParisAttacks

My thoughts and prayers to all the people in Paris.What a sad thing. May God protect them.

Paris has lost over 150 people and all your worrying about is an album

Yea pray for Paris but don't go all hyper on that Thousands of people just died in Japan pray for them too

My heart, thoughts and prayers are with Paris this morning.#ParisAttacks

Winter is acting scary, last year peshawar attack and now #ParisAttacks #PrayForPeace #PrayForParis

My prayers go out to Paris. this beautiful place and the amazing people that live there didn't deserve such tragedy

What happened in Paris is a tragedy. Until we address the underlying issue, these things will continue to happen.

Why is it that the World condemn what happened in Paris but don't condemn the criticising of Muslim and ISIS

Please don't attack Paris, I haven't been there.

Shocked to hear about the terror attacks in Paris. Strongly condemn this act of brutality. Prayers for french people. #ParisAttacks

Terrorist attacks in Paris demonstrate the urgency, that Vienna Syria talks pave the way towards stopping the war in Syria and neighborhood.

Nobody talk about the blast in beirut and baghdad but been making noise about paris!!! #AllahuAkbar

love that scripture it's so sad what the world scene is like in Paris and all over.

It's really sad what happened in Paris. I feel really sad for some of my friends that lost friends over senseless and cowardly acts.

VIDEO: Coldplay cover John Lennon's 'Imagine' in tribute to the lives lost in the Paris attacks #PrayForParis

I love Paris. I hate the bastards who could do this to such a beautiful place #Paris

i am arguing on reddit with people who are telling me that my liberal ways directly caused the paris attacks

Had the privilege of visiting Paris in 2008. Beautiful city, beautiful people. #Prayers4Paris

Heart Breaking News. Our Thoughts And Prayers To Victims Families Of Paris Attacks :(

Thoughts have to go out to the families who have lost loved ones in Paris. What's wrong with this world? Life is too short people!!!

President Obama statement on Paris Attacks (C-SPAN)  via #ParisAttacks

Barack Obama calls Paris incidents 'attack on all of humanity'

I thoughts are with everyone in Paris. Je t'aime #prayforparis

Awoken this morning to the news that, unbelievably, the Paris situation became worse overnight. My thoughts lie with all victims  families.

My heart is broken for the people of Paris. Brutal world we live in. Prayers go out for those people. #PrayForParis

yes, thank you.  I arrived in the states yesterday and my husband who is in Paris is safe

Oh my god. Just heard about the Paris attacks.

I'm so sorry for the attack in Paris I'm praying for you #PrayForParis

borno blast kills 200 its NORMAL. but when 120 die in Paris its sad? the lives lost in Paris are more important than those in borno???

Paris attacks overshadow France friendly: France's win over Germany at the Stade de France in P  #kprs #tweetuk

Thoughts and prayers for the victims of the attacks in Paris. The people of the UK stand with our friends in France.

Our thoughts are with Paris! We'll dance today.. it's 1 thing that'll never harm the world! Peace is our weapon  dance  music our religion

#GoogleNews Paris attacks: At least 153 reported killed - Local 10

It happened in Paris and everyone in the world is talking about it and we have been facing this in Nigeria and the media don't even care

Thoughts and prayers go out to the people in Paris. Horrible.

Mourners gather outside D.C.'s French Embassy: In the hours after the deadly attacks in Paris, mourners lit ca

Pray to god get peace soon in paris Save the people who injured in Attack .#shame on Terrorism

This whole Paris thing bummed me out enough to keep me at home. It just doesn't sit right with me to go out. Idk

Multiple Attacks Rock Paris, 120 People Killed and Hostages Taken. via

Department of Foreign Affairs has set up a hotline for those concerned about Australians in Paris. #9News

#ParisAttacks will make life of refugees and muslims in Paris worse

SA couple recount the Paris attacks

My heart goes to victims of terror Paris.

Shock for 80,000 fans at Stade de Franceat Paris shootings #ParisAttacks

So sick about Paris. Living in the age of terrorism is just absolutely sickening.

Disney is keeping Disneyland Paris closed tomorrow out of respect. a small thing after such tragedy but it makes me happy to work for them

My thoughts are with #paris tonight. The worst loss of life in one day in Paris since WWII. #jesuisparis

I hope the NPF is learning from the  Paris attacks The police in France got hold of the Plan of the building to help with rescue!

Thinking of all the emergency and healthcare services in Paris at work this morning, dealing with things no one should have to see #Paris

My thoughts are with everyone in Paris. Sending my love to you all!#whatistheworldcomingto #FranceUnderAttack #ParisShooting #ParisAttacks

Im gonna call it a night.God bless paris, God bless japan. And im thankful for #purpose

I'm glad your safe though trying to get hold of my cousin.. She moved to Paris a few weeks ago

Paris: my heart hurts for you all. You are not alone.

My deepest condolences are with the victims  their families of the #Paris attacks. This is a devastating tragedy, Paris,we stand with you.

Disgusted by what happened in paris last night, my thoughts are with you all #prayforparis

ISIS claims responsibility for the attacks in Paris: Times Now Reports

#ParisAttacks heartfelt condemnation of the terror attacks from me. RIP to the victims.

played their final song tonight - Clean My Wounds - in memory of those in Paris.

'Paris attacks similar to 26/11 Mumbai attacks': Just like the Mumbai attacks, popular eating joints and resta

My thoughtsprayers goes out to familiesvictims of this horrible attack. I'm a Muslim, I'm not a Terrorist. #ParisAttacks #PrayForParis

Django Reinhardt - All of Me - Paris, 17.12.1940

Millions of muslims paid the price of nine 9/11 with lives  now Allah knows how many more will repay what these butchers have done in Paris

Pray for Paris aldubnation!They really need our prayers!  #ALDUBHappyBdayLOLA

Paris continues to be my dream city!Peace be upon paris.

I love you Paris. Terror will never win. Thinking of the families who have lost loved ones in this tragedy

Who will attack next?Christianists?Hinduists?Buddhistists?Zoroastrianists?Who knows?! It could be any of them!#ParisAttacks #caring

Paris attacks: Kenya stands with France in war on terror, Uhuru says

What's with the logo in the image? Pretty desperate leveraging Paris tragedy to market your site! #shame

Let us pray for peace and Unity  for Paris #Prayers4Paris

I just heard the news about Japan and Paris and I'm so scared and worried and sad. My prayers go out to everyone, stay safe you guys!

On behalf of myself, ,  all SH, our thoughts  prayers r w the people of Paris #Pray4Paris

My heart is yours too.. thanks For the supportkisses from Paris

BEFORE PARIS ATTACKS, BHO SAID YESTERDAY THAT ISIS HAS BEEN CONTAINED.  READ HIS LYING WORDS:

#Pray4ParisWellbeingEveryone Plz Pray for Paris Wellbeing nd safety

No Easy response to horror in Paris. Fundamental Islam on our neighbour's doorstep whether we like it or not. How or where do you fight it?

I hope my aunt is ok..she lives in paris.

Massive Corruption, Boko Haram, Biafra, Power Outages and a host of other problems plaguing Nigeria..But Paris comes first? *sigh*

Paris : How do we turn the world around

#ParisAttacks ahh, don't bring up gun bans in Paris. The world is full of guns, unless you can make them disappear well, no solution.

Proud to see this in Dallas tonight, standing with those who suffer in Paris, and all over. #Prayers4Paris

#PrayForJapan One more catastrophe. #Prayers4Paris The whole world is with you, 'The people of Paris'.

Peace for Paris, France and all over the world !

I am ParisYou are Paris We are Paris Sad for Paris Sad for humanityFriendship, sports. Culture, social life cannot be banned .

My thoughts  prayers are with the people and government of PARIS.

These Paris attacks are frightening. Really makes you reevaluate the trivial bullshit we complain about

Such horrible news to wake up to. Thoughts are with those in Paris #Prayers4Paris

Muslims attacks ParisMuslimsMuslimsAlways it's muslims Put two muslims next to each otherCan you see who is radical?#prayforparis

not saying paris doesnt deserve love,All my thoughts  prayers go out to paris rn. but other parts of the world who need it too

#cuba #ddhhcuba 7 terrorists detonated suicide bombs in horrific Paris attacks, official says: F  #cubaVa #ddhh

Let's all change profile pictures in support for Paris #WorldUnite

Retweeted The New York Times Updated: What happened at each location of the Paris attacks

My heart goes out to Paris. So heartbreaking. Sending love to my French friends #Paris

Your prayers cannot do a shit for paris, atleast stop talking about this.. That's the only better thing you could do against Terrorism EOD

At least 120 killed in terrorist attacks in Paris area: At least 120 people were killed in Paris area on Frida

#PrayersForParis - very sad. Our thoughts are with the people of Paris, the victim, and their families.

Thoughts  Prayers with the victims  families in Paris. Evil people killing innocent people. Relieved to know Paul Stairmand is safe.

I guess Friday the 13th comes truely #Paris #ParisAttacks Over 120 people dead.this is not goodWorld_help_!

My problems seem so small compared to what Paris is going through. May God be with this world. #Prayers4Paris #PrayForPeace

Sad news.. Thoughts  prayers with the people of Paris.. May Allah protect us from these barbaric terrorists.. #ParisAttacks

Social media Use in Paris attacks -   via

Paris Terror Attacks: French President Cancels Plan To Attend The Upcoming G-20 Meet #ParisAttacks

Not only praying for Paris, but also praying for the whole world.

Waking up to hear the sad news this morning, my thoughts are with the people of Paris 3

San Diego Parisian community reacts to Paris attacks -

So scary to hear of the terror that unfolded in a such an instance in Paris #prayersforparis

Humanity is victimized once again by the terrorist . The incident that took place in Paris is the worst of its kind :(

My thoughts/prayers go out 2 every1 in Paris. Know love/kindness unite us and we stand stronger together #Prayers4Paris #WorldKindnessDay

Beirut. Baghdad. And now Paris. Am so done with this week :-(

kuthiwa people are praying for Paris because of inferiotiy LOL! yall must come up with much smarter reasoning yaz

We stand in solidarity and support for Paris, and most especially, it's young people. Good will always prevail!

These attacks are deeply saddening. How could anyone do this? My thoughts are with the victims and their families. #ParisAttacks

it seems wrong on this very sad morning to post anything about surfing - thoughts are with the people of Paris and beautiful France

Fear, grief and support after Paris hit by terrorist attacks

Take nothing away from the travesty that occurred in Paris but have south Africans forgot that 3 year old twins died in bus crash??

So sad.. 2nd time this year the people of Paris suffer.  Paris attacks: Bataclan and other assaults leave many dead

Our prays and thoughts go out to the people of Paris.  Aretha Franklin - I Say A Little Prayer   #RT

COLLEGE-BASKETBALL/A student holds a sign in recognition of the attacks in Paris before the game between the

I'm psyched for #SmashEclipse today. I feel the need to express my sympathy for the people in paris tho. Terrible..I hope my friends are ok

Paris this is attack on your liberal values by islam.#ParisAttacks

We utterly condemn the barbaric terrorist attacks in Paris. Our sympathies and condolences to the French people

Pray for Paris. No word can describe this horror. #notafraid

Ya'll still tweeting that Not Afraid pic from the huge crowd in Paris 10 months ago

deepest condolences to those affected by the Paris attacks and a hopeful call now more than ever for peace and understanding #PrayForParis

Joakim Noah, Nicolas Batum thinking about family members who live in Paris:

Going to sleep thinking of nothing but Paris  those who had their world torn apart by the violence that took place tonight.

Those people who had been attacked and killed in paris dont deserve to die they are Innocent im praying to those people in paris

Woke up and read what happened in, Paris. Not good. #peaceforparis #paris

Horrific scenes in Paris last night, thoughts and prays with everyone affected. #BushBushGas

Paris under siege police looking for accomplices to the terrorists attacks.

I was referring to Paris but through this clip

I recall someone saying it last night but the near total silence on my facebook about Paris is remarkable.

So sad to hear about Paris, RIP for those poor victims x x

Was just in Paris. Getting sick of all this senselessness. #IStandWithFrance #PeaceForParis

We can stop this shit! Like paris is trying to rite now with the stunning love the french have! Only the peeps doing it deserve it!

I just got home from my football game and we lost so the season is over but more importantly my thoughts and prayers are w everyone in paris

Celebrities React With Horror, Sadness To Paris Attacks - Deadline  #celebrity #news

My heart goes out to anyone affected by the terrorist attacks in Paris last night.Some people do not deserve the title human.

Satan went on a rampage in Paris. No religion did this.

Paris should be, as should the whole world be. Not a time to die bravely but to take brave actions.

Can't sleep after reading all the articles on Paris. #prayforParis #prayforpeace

Watching the Paris news unfold over the past ten hours showed how messy the report-it-first approach of modern news websites is.

Peace and love to the people of Paris. Xxx

there's a thing called paris syndromeevery time there's a terrorist attack there, I just pretend it's distraught japanese people.

Horrified by what has happened in Paris. Thoughts and prayers with all those affected #Prayers4Paris

Oooh-errrr Thomas (my 8-y-o) is off to Paris with the Cubs in February #feeling nervous #ParisAttacks #Pray4Paris

My heart hurts for those in Paris. You never know what day will be your last, make everyday count.

How To Help The Paris Attack Victims  via please do what you can. This tragedy will be dealt with properly.

In Burundi ppl are dying day after day and no one cares. But now all eyes are in Paris#Pray4Burundi.

I literally just have no words what a cruel cruel world we live in! Praying for you Paris. #PrayForPeace

#capetown Facebook launches safety check after Paris attacks: Cape Town - Facebook ha  -

Amidst Paris Attacks, This Symbol For Peace Is Going Viral To Show Support For The Victims: The story Amidst P

Rightways:Malaysian Islamic State militants: Dr Mahmud is forming Asean terror bloc;Paris attacks!  via

#WorldKindnessDay Not much Kindness spread in Paris on Friday, except those giving aid  comfort to the dead, wounded  their families

Saddened by the horrific events in Paris. My heart goes out to the families  friends of those killed and injured. Stay strong #ViveLaFrance

My heart breaks for the events in Paris. My heart breaks for the talk of retaliation. More death doesn't cure death. Love and peace please.

Damn I've never been to Paris but I can't even imagine the destruction  terror people must be dealing with.

In memory of those who tragically lost lives last night in Paris, we will be holding a minute's silence prior to all matches #UnitedWeStand

Thinking about Paris, and remembering to count my blessings tonight because none of us are ever guaranteed another day. Always be thankful.

(May the grace of God be with Paris. May many all around the world obtain the salvation of their souls before their time is finished)

My heart goes out to the Paris fans and their families.

Pray for Paris. One day there will be world peace. I can not wait until that day. #PrayforParis

No words to describe how I'm feeling about the attack on Paris #Prayers4Paris #Whatiswrongwithpeople

I have been lucky enough to have visited Paris this year and fleeting met some lovely people with a sense of epic spirit. #JeSuiParis

a friend just declared herself safe in Paris n she narrated her ordeal n ow she went about it,so chill wit ur opinion this n that

Morning, thinking about the people in Paris, what has the world come to!

Prayers to those who have loved ones in paris.

Horrible thing that happened in Paris last nite

Sickening terror attacks in ParisLord have mercy on the victims! May the abominable violence against the innocent end - may peace reign!

World landmarks turn blue, white and red in a show of support for Paris

Typing the words pray for paris will not do anything!! Dropping a nuclear bomb on Syria is the answer..

After the bloody events in Paris - does Corbyn still think he can 'negotiate' with these savages?

#ParisAttacks feel for you Paris.. no doubt you will bounce back.. Loss of innocent lives can never be justified

Sadly, it cannot be denied that those that carried out the attacks in Paris are Muslims.

May God give strength  peace to people in Paris. A beautiful city like Paris do not deserve such atrocities

My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and family members in Paris! #prayforparis

God bless all the victims of terror in Paris. Prayers here and, I'm sure, everywhere.

Woke up to find out those muslim terrorists killed 120 people in Paris. Absolutely horrible. :( #Prayers4Paris

socking news today paris attacks 200 hundred person kills ,,my thoughts ,love  prayes,those affected family  ,helpline indians 0140507070

Absolutely devastating what has happened in Paris, when will it all come to an end! #Prayers4Paris

IS bombs Paris,Evrybody is saying #Prayers4Paris how many said #pray4abuja when terrorists attacked last month.Isn't this racism?

Friday13th I was talking to British Council Paris about shows of my photos throughout France for #Euro2016Ever more want to #ViveLaFrance

Our thoughts go out to the people of Paris and France #prayforparis

120 dead as gunman and suicide bombers target Paris

My thought and prayers for the lost souls in Paris. #PeaceforParis

Horrific news about Paris. Impossible to understand terrorism.

If I was in Paris, I would've either been at the stadium 60% or the concert 30%. Scary and saddening. #parisattacks

My prays for Paris victims. what a horrible.

can't believe itall my thoughts are with Paris. #prayforparis #nototerrorism

Love you Paris - the strength of your people is inspiring right now! #maynoevilprosper

All #SikhTemples in #Paris have doors open for those who need help #FreeShelter #FreeFood 24/7 #ParisAttacks

Pray for Paris, Beirut, Syria, Iraq, Africa, and everywhere else.

#Inet : Facebook Safety Check: Saya Aman di Paris!  via :

Are you just passing through or coming into Paris? Things are crazy here, I don't recommend coming if you can avoid.

It is hot in Paris but it's not the climate. It is war and warmongering as expressed by illegal combatants.

More than 120 dead after Paris rocked by shootings, explosions, suicide bombings and hostage massacre

Innocent ppl have died in Paris and for what reason? Senseless idiots using religion to justify murder. Stay safe Paris #Prayers4Paris

I am saddened by the events in Paris late yesterday evening. I feel fir the families mourning a lost one. BUTI

#Popular : Paris, I love you by SeanArcher #dailyinspiration, #photography, #photo #inspiration

I always feel sad that certain factions use atrocities like the Paris attacks to pedal their own brand of racist bile #Pray4Paris

Paris goes black but the world lights up in solidarity with France #ParisAttacks

Good morning people. I could barely sleep last night thinking about what these people were suffering in Paris. Thoughts are with you Paris

Disgusting what's gone on in Paris! Something needs to be done.

my mind say the government of Paris give equal rights of all peoples of Paris

Woke up in Madrid to the terrible, devastating news. There are no words. Paris, our hearts are with you.

Shocked to wake up this morning and read about the terrible attacks in Paris #ParisAttacks

I just cannot believe that there are people in the world that do these things. My heart is with everyone in Paris 3

Thinking of all who have suffered in Paris. Those who have been murdered and those who  weren't but witnessed the horror.  #ParisAttacks

In pictures: Terror in the heart of Paris   via dawn_com

the attacks were on all humanity, on you, me and all of us. our thoughts with you #ParisAttacks #Prayers4Paris #PrayersForFrance

The events are still disgusting and I'm praying for everyone in Paris rn just don't take this as an opportunity to be racist

What happened last night in Paris shouldn't happen anywhere. Attacks on civilians anywhere in the world are by no means justified.

CNN: More than 150 killed in Paris attacks; state of emergency declared

Am shocked at the atrocity that happened last night! What is wrong with some people #Paris #ParisAttacks

Feel sick after seeing whats happened in paris, thoughts go out to all families involved. Getting too close to home for me! #Prayers4Paris

The Daily Beast: Colbert Breaks Down Over Paris Attacks.

Thoughts going out to the people of Paris today! Makes you really think about the world we live in

So apparently this is what was destined to finally make me cry. Seeing Paris called a Bright place still.

The world's supports for Paris. Be brave and tough, people! Cause fear is what the terrorist wants and we won't give it #ParisAttacks

Deeply sad about what happened in Paris. No excuse. But lets not forget that this is happening in Palestine/Syria/Yemen etc etc 24/7/365.

paris attacks being on the 13th was just coincidence though, friday the 13th is just a ridiculous theory to me

Same rogue elements, same sponsoring countries from Kandhar to twin towers, Mumbai to Paris but arms supply continue

I'm just one small voice, but my heart breaks for the people of Paris.

While Dadri is linked to hindutva, for Paris general stale condemnation statements issued. No one to be blamed..

Continuing with #HammametConf. The need for dialogue is more obvious than ever against background of Paris yesterday evening.

Paris attacks the latest in string of French terrorism tragedies: The six deadly, simultaneous attacks that de

I'm so sad because of what is happening in Paris, hope it will end and there will be no more victims

#ParisAttacks  remind me the terrifying #PeshawarAttack where coward attack on a #School and kill innocent #students

You know I don't post these but, everything going on in Paris is fucked up it hurts

Feel sick reading the news about Paris. My thoughts are with the victims, those caught up in the horror, and their families.

The Paris attack was sad but this happens frequently in places like Syria. This is the thing the refugees are running away from.

In the midst of a massacre, humanity prevails. For those in need of aid in Paris, #porteouverte was created. There are some magical people.

all these terrible news from yesterday from paris,beirut and baghdad brought tears to my eyeshow can such cruel people exist

Leaders Worldwide condemn Paris attacks; none will call stop to #WaronTerror responsible for massacres #StopTheWar.

What has the world come to - I am so heartbroken for Paris.

Prayers for Paris.  So sad that others have to kill innocent people to prove a point.

Horrified by what's happening in Paris, but can already see the amazing outpourings of kindness There is hope for the world

all of this is so devastating, im praying for everyone that has suffered in paris, japan, baghdad, mexico and lebanon #prayfortheworld

Ich habe ein von positiv bewertet:  Paris Attacked By ISIS 11-13-15 (This World Needs

My thoughts go to all the people of Paris, and I pray for you all !

Good morning Leeds, but my thoughts are with Paris  #leeds #Paris

Waking up to horrible news about the attacks in Paris! Disgusting. Terror won't win, it'll unite the rest of world!

My thoughts are with everyone in Paris, it is absolutely disgusting that tragedy like this still happens. #PrayForParis

WGCL/CBS 46: Hollande vows merciless response after deadly Paris attacks

#prayforparis God bless paris I'm so sad

I hope lots of people will join the vigil for Paris at 11 at Lime Street today. We must be united in the face of terrorism

how was the celebration in india after paris attack?

NB: No organization has claimed responsibility for the terrorist acts in Paris. Remember to read/listen to everything wtih a critical mind.

Yet again Paris hit by another terror attack the world stand still. Good one though, I hope this support will continue for other cities too

Our hearts go out to all those affected by the Paris attacks. We pray for the safety and courage of the country and its Emergency personnel

Today's News: Who carried out the Paris attacks? Here are the prime suspects

Our church is praying together for France and Paris#Prayers4Paris #IStandWithFrance

Been out all night and just seeing the news from Paris. Praying.

Thoughts and prayers for everyone caught up in what's happened in Paris from all of us #PrayForParis

There is a 9 am service today at to offer prayers for Paris

Thank you, we love Paris.

I wonder what the reaction would be if a group of #christian men executed a terrorist attack in a #muslim country? #ParisAttack

thoughts and love go out to Paris. As a new day begins, I hope it brings healing and renewed strength

dear are u okay there? if i aint wrong, u are from paris.

For all you people who hate on Muslims. This is what MUSLIMS are saying about the attacks on Paris.

Friends family at Mizzou. A friend in Paris  my host sister planning to go this weekend. Really hitting home. #PrayforMizzou #PrayforParis

Paris terror attacks: Police hunt allies of attackers after at least 120 killed

Hard to think what the families of the Paris tragedy are going through but thoughts and prays for them today #worcestershirehour

Paris attacks reaction: Israel condemns violence  Follow KevinFitts #FutureWorldNews

THE LATEST: 153 people killed in SIX terror attacks - Terrorists struck six locations in Paris with gunfire and

Wow. I know the British press can be narcissistic, but making the tragedy in Paris an attack on Corbyn is extra wanky.

France we all with you. Paris je t'aime.#ParisAttacks

France Closes Borders After Terror Erupts in Paris - Washington Free Beacon

thoughts go out to everyone in Paris, this world is a cruel place :(

and the same people who will get blamed for Paris (refugees) are the same ones fleeing this. Ironic really.

Waking up to learn of the atrocities in Paris. My heart bleeds for France. So sad. Fuelled by hatred. #PeaceinParis

Praying for peace in Paris, and for our study abroad students there this weekend.

#bdnews #bangladesh Bangladesh reacts with shock to Paris attacks: At least 120 people were killed in attacks

my thoughts are with everyone in paris this is so terrible

For everyone in Paris who lost their lives for nothing more than an act of cowardice I pray for you all and your families

The Bataclan Theater, the Epicenter of the Terror Attacks in Paris: The Bataclan theater in Paris was crammed with more than 1,000 pe

I'm sad to Paris, and Islam is innocent of this. #Prayers4Paris

Horrible scenes last night. Both in Paris and also on Twitter.

Brisbane's Story Bridge lit up in blue, white and red in solidarity with the French people after Paris attacks.

I need to stop with all the threads about the Paris attacks, it's horrible on so many levels I'm not sure I can

2- Our hearts go out for the innocent people who died in Paris attacks. I hope Paris crime will result in a golbal stand against terror.

4 bookings due 2 dep 2 Paris up 2 and incl Mon 16 Nov ONLY that wish to cancel pls call Res, pls hold off 4 later deps

My thoughts go out to those who have lost loved ones in the horrible attacks in Paris. #Prayers4Paris

How long will it be before our media and opinion formers present Muslims as the victims following the slaughter in Paris last night.?

we cancelled our live show out of respect for the victims in Paris. We'll be back live next week.

Waking up to the news of the Paris attacks. Absolutely sickening, what a world we're living in! Stay strong Paris! #PrayforParis

Paris attacks: Fear, grief, support after terrorists run amok -

Our thoughts are with the victims of this horrific attack. May we stop killing each other one day in the name of religion #ParisAttacks

A reference to a famous quote by Macmillan in effect politics can change in a instant Paris changes everything

This is absolutely sad. Stay strong, Paris. The world is with you.

Paris sporting events called off: French TV station iTele is reporting that all sporting event  #ultimatetipper

Paris a city of love now filled with fear and horror.

I worried to go to Paris in March now

I will never understand why things like tonight in Paris have to happen.

while i realise there is a major and important occurrence in paris, what about japan? mexico?? many things are happening in other parts too

I will still attend the FLARE conference in Paris in 2 weeks. Normality kills terrorism.

What surprises me is that people are surprised this has happened in Paris. What a naive, gullible world we live in. #ParisAttacks

Prayer for Paris terrorist  attack victims

All sporting events in paris area cancelled this weekend following terrorist attacks in the city on friday night

An entire group of people  religion are blamed for a terrorist attack, it's inhumane! Terrorism doesn't have a religion #ParisAttacks

Absolutely horrible news about Paris! #prayforparis

Be mindful of who you let into your home. Have a funny feeling that some of these Syrian refugees are actually ISIS. My prayers to Paris

Im so sorry for what happened in Paris last night. It is horrible. #Prayers4Paris

Gosh! Why are there so much suffering in the world?! We pray for you Paris! #Prayers4Paris

What doesn't kill us will make our United Europe even stronger. Prayers for Paris, France and the whole EU.

Thoughts  prayers are with all people affected by the tragedy in Paris.

Positive vibes to our friends in Paris. Stay safe and be good to one another. #standwithparis #fucktheworld

My prayer for Paris: May God heal the INJURED and forgive the DEAD. Amen

Paris attacks simply awful, and hopefully shows now why so many ppl are fleeing to Europe for shelter, imagine living with that fear daily.

I condemn the attacks in Paris. Violence to innocent civilians is unacceptable and that's what islam has taught me. #ParisAttacks

I'm appalled by the shocking scenes in Paris. My prayers are with all the victims and French people suffering right now. #PrayforParis

Year abroad students based in Paris should email Steven Wilson as soon as possible  follow official advice about staying safe. #solidarity

Just arrived in Paris. On air soon.

I don't have as many followers as I used to.. Pray for Followers.  Head ass. Jk pray for Paris.

The world mourns with France, as measures to respond to the deadly attacks on Paris are put in place. More;

Heartbroken over Paris. After Belfast and London, it's the city I've spent most time in.

This is for every one who died and got hurt in Paris. #ParisAttacks #Prayers4Paris #dontforget

Pray for Paris. Big Amen! Jesus saves you Paris.:*#paris#city#italy#eroupe#praying#let'spraytogether

Love how my insta feed is all peace signs for Paris

Such an awful attack in Paris rip to the innocent lives taken that did NOT deserve it in anyway when will this stop!!!

This attack on freedom is aimed against us all, Angela Merkel says of Paris killings

Paris terror attacks: Stade de France suicide bombings plunge England v France clash doubt  violence begets violence

Chinese-American actress Bai Ling prays for Paris attack victims  #news #kolkata

Paris..What the fuck!? These terrorist cunts need wiping out ,They will never stop killing.. Action needs taking..

It's not so difficult to imagineWhen you look at the Tory Gov's agenda The dead of Paris will be used to push these aims

Witch by ALL means is a sad thingand everyone does the hashtag save paris because their sad and its a fucked up situation right

No words will b spoken today about Paris which were not once spoken in NI end result in NI perpatrators given power in Gov victims forgotten

Shocking what is going on in Paris  thoughts are with all those affected

Now Islam following terrorists strike peaceful France in Paris,killing

The Paris attacks. Fear and confusion prevails in Paris after deadly attacks. France declared a state of

Sporting world reacts to Paris attacks on Twitter: Sporting world reacts to Paris attacks on Twitter - origina

this is horrible..can't believe it.. Paris, stay strong! #PrayForParis

I tweeted a couple of weeks ago about how good Eagles of Death Metal were on TFIF. Last night they played Bataclan Paris.. #Prayers4Paris

I won't stress more on the Paris attacks!RIP to the dead in Paris, RIP to the thousands killed in Libya by NATO bombs!

i have friends in paris that i STILL haven't heard back from. this isn't a joke. people are so ignorant. #PrayForParis

do you think  feels any guilt about what the monster he helped to create did last night in Paris?

I condemn the Paris attack and whose committed on this bad planned god will punish  u anytime !!!#ParisAttacks

my thoughts and prayers are wth the people of Paris

hi, Due to travel to Paris today. I spoke to a service rep last night about the situation. Want to confirm what we agreed.

Nearly 90 people killed at Paris concert hall after hostages taken at rock  - New York Daily News

thank you for your brilliant reporting on the awful news from Paris

that mad man didn't kill those children for # Jesus but the terrorists in Paris, they killed for # Allah

Our thoughts are with all our Family and friends in Paris #PrayForParis Such acts are heinous and immoral.

Horrified to hear what has happened in Paris last night! worst of humanity strike again. #prayforparis

I CRY. IM NOT EVEN FROM FRANCE BUT THIS BREAKS MY HEART. I LOVE U ALL. EVERYONE IN PARIS PLEASE STAY SAFE. PRAYERS x

Heart breaking Situation in Paris All people of pray for the welfare of the people and hope situation get well soon !

Shocking what's happened in Paris. So sad #prayforparis

My heartfelt condolences to all bereaved families who have lost loved ones in Paris attacks.

and yet we should do them the favour of pity and empathy,God punish them.Meanwhile ur 'pipo' sun fara 'Pray for Paris' etc

Global leaders shocked by Paris attacks - T20 Summit

Truly and deeply saddened by the events in Paris. I don't understand how some can have so much hate in their heart. #prayingforparis #prayer

My thoughts and prayers are with Paris and the people of France. Courage #Paris

PLEASE, TAKE A MOMENT OF SILENCE TO THINK OF EVERYONE IN PARIS #PrayForParis

The people of Paris, killed by terrorists, but let down by the people elected to protect them.Fundamental change must happen within EU.

Our prayers and deepest heartfelt sympathies go out to the victims, families and citizens of Paris. #ParisAttacks

Minute silence for the victims and families of Paris. #PrayForParis

Nothing is gonna change if the scholars/leaders of Islam don't condemn this attack ,killing in the name of religion is BS!!  #ParisAttacks

Paris terror attack similar to #Mumbai assault: Experts  #ZippedNews

The latest on Paris attacks  reactions from around the world. Full details in 5 min. #TenNews 5pm

France's president declared France will be merciless with those behind the attacks in Paris. Is force the answer?

Paris is the city of love. Love will conquer evil. Stand up and fight for what we love

Stay blessed stay strong, We are with you Paris.

My thoughts with all in Paris today #Prayers4Paris

No casualty of any Indian in Paris terror attacks so far: Embassy

Praying for you Paris. Praying for the world.

I'm not living in Paris but still afraid..

Iran president cancels trip to Europe, visit with today in view of attacks in Paris.

To think that I was in Paris this time last week is scary! Praying for everyone there now! #PrayForParis

#France in state of emergency as authorities hunt possible Paris attack accomplices #jobs #500K #: Parisians a

Amazing to see some stories of true courage and selflessness coming out of Paris. These scum won't keep a great nation down. #PrayforParis

Terrorists struck six locations in Paris with gunfire and explosions, killing 153 people and seizing hostages

I can't understand people who do such things #prayforparis Yesterday, a bad  day for Paris and Japan #PrayForJapan

Whats this about Paris omg someone tell me i just got heree

Paris attacks: Panic on streets, Northern Ireland men say | News Bbc

The thoughts and prayers of the Deeside Dragons family go out to all in Paris #Prayers4Paris

Will be watching live broadcast on BBC1.   In light of Paris atrocities please be vigilant and safe.

Indeed we all have to pray for Paris and everyone else who has been affected on a worldwide scale by these terrorist attacks

Thoughts with those with loved ones involved in Paris. Truly awful.

It's Zero Dark Thirty in Paris. Is it apocalyptic where you are too?

All you need to know about the Paris terrorists is their religion. From that all else follows as  night follows day.

Interestingly, the presenters on France24 were debating that. Apparently in 2005 it was only for Paris, while this is nationwide.

My heart physically hurts for you Paris

Today is about Paris and it's people, nothing else #Prayers4Paris

GM, everyone! My prayers  thoughts go out to Paris, Japan, Mexico  Lebanon. Stay strong  stay safe.

My mother has predictably begged me not to go to Paris again. I'll be there next Sunday. Sombre but defiant. Hope Munster fans will be too

I hold the people of Paris in love and light. Sending Archangel Uriel and his Angels peace and harmony to open

France in state of shock as 150 people killed in Paris terror attacks

Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina on Saturday strongly condemned the terrorist attacks in Paris that killed so many

My thoughts and love go out to those people in Paris, who suffered last night, xxxxxxx

One video scene of the Paris Attack

i am in paris and alive apocalypticly

Our deepest condolences go out to those affected by this act of terror in Paris.Our prayers are with them.

May god give peace to soul of paris attack vicitms

All the best goes out to Paris, absolutely terrible, innocent people #Prayers4Paris

Thanks - agree to disagree  - So any scuttlebutt in Tripoli area about Paris Attacks today?

I feel helpless only being able to pray for Paris from here. I just hope everyone will be safe from now on.

People get mugged for their dreadlocks in Jozi Davidooooo. Mo a se Paris hle a bhuti

Praying that the awful attacks in Paris won't add fuel the planned EDL march in Bradford today. #bradford4peace

Paris tragedy forces us to jointly fight against terrorism   |

Thoughts are with everyone in Paris today. Keep strong. They will not win. #PrayforParis

Can't even imagine what people are going through in Paris. Thoughts and prayers.  #PeaceinParis

Latest: Paris death toll rises to at least 128:

My heart goes out to Paris and all but this pretty much sums up what I was telling my roommate earlier today

Death toll in Paris Terrorist massacre increases to 200, all 8 attackers supposedly dead: Te  [ Via

TERRORISM HAS NO RELIGION PLEASE DON'T USE THE PARIS ATTACKS AS A WAY TO PROMOTE ISLAMOPHOBIA

Singapore raises alert level after Paris attacks - AsiaOne

While empathising and praying for the victims of the Paris massacre,I keep wondering whether CNN will label

Paris Attack-Already hints of appeasement-ignores reality that this is principally a European not Middle Eastern problem

What has this world come to? Terrorist attacks on innocent lives. My heart goes out to Paris #PrayForParis

My thoughts are with the people of Paris, especially all those I know and have worked with.

We'll have the latest on events in Paris on the hour and at our website

Our hearts are broken. it's Time to stop the hatred. It's been enough. #ParisAttacks #Paris

My Love  Prayers goes out to Paris, the people  victims. The attack is an act against humanity  i strongly condemn it.

via  Paris has turned off their lights off but the rest of the world turned theirs on

Paris - I flew back home to London from Barcelona last night, landing just as news was breaking of the

Shocked by some of the stuff I'm reading about the attacks in Paris. I hope everyone I know, wherever they are, are safe.

Why the world so selfish? Everyone being sad for what happened in Paris and suddenly the world wake up to pray now while millions of homes

Man Survived Terror Attack Thanks To His Phone. A Miracle Here #paris #parisattack

How long until Paris is at peace

Thoughts and prayers for everyone in Paris after the devastating attacks #PrayForParis

Still raging about what happened in Paris

Indian leaders condemn Paris attacks; Mumbai and Delhi on alert

On behalf of all at we pray for calm in Paris  #peace #ParisAttacks

We must be united..the whole world is under attack!! We stand with you France #ParisAttacks

I feel sad and angry about Paris. I'm worried about populist politicians feeding these feelings with easy solutions. I want to help but how?

I woke up to the news of the terrorist attacks in Paris. I JUST left there yesterday evening. I'm at a loss for words. #PeaceinParis

My prayers go out to the families affected by the horrible tragedy that occurred in Paris, France.  Know that we

My thoughts turn now to Paris and yet more slaughter of innocents. May they rest in peace and be remembered with love.

It's difficult to get my head around what's happened in Paris.

A recap on what has happened in Paris #PrayForParis

Indian leaders condemn terror strikes in Paris

If prayers worked, the attacks in Paris would not have taken place. I have great sympathy but I don't believe praying will change anything.

Paris attack: Security stepped up in Delhi -

That I wasn't in Paris or that locality last night. Today, my thoughts and heart are with everyone in Paris and those effected. #Pray4Paris

TD Clare Daly slammed for 'utterly tasteless' Paris Attack tweet  via

Paris attacks in quotes: Eyewitnesses describe terror   Buy #cheapgames

I just can't understand what happened in Paris last night. Are people really so rotten??? #Prayers4Paris

no patience for anyone blaming refugees for what has happened in Paris, what do you think they are running from? #ViveLaFrance #PrayForPeace

Team of send  message of solidarity and sympathy to the people of Paris in wake of terror attacks.

i dont think, but i really hope so! i love in berlin in germany, and after that in Paris, im so scared.

deeply saddening event in Paris. Hope the peace is restored soon. #PeaceinParis #PeaceForTheWorld

Just wondering if any award wapasi brigade condemn the Paris attack? Oh, that was in some other country!

PARIS:No wonder we're losing the war on terror. We daren't even name our enemy, and we're ambiguous on jihad //t.co/aw7vhB58Fg

As I wake to get the functions ready I think once again how lucky I am  the safety of my family. My heart goes out to those in Paris

Whilst our best wishes go to all our teams in action today our thoughts are very much with the people of Paris #perspective

Strange old day, got off plane from KL overnight to news of Paris atrocities. Sydney cool and wet, and feels much smaller than I expected.

Please stay safe an my thoughts go out to everyone in Paris, Japan an Lebanon

Special prayers for all those killed in Paris  all the family's that are mourning.

Pray for Paris. Pray for everyone. Pray for the whole world.

#PrayForLebanon STILL CANT BELIEVE BEIRUT WAS BOMBED AND NOW PARIS

welcome back then^^; (sorry, still shocked by the events in Paris)

hearing all about what has happened to  Paris  makes me feel like  doing the Hunger Games  3 Finger salute

We can now confirm that the whole team is accounted for and unharmed after last night's attacks in Paris.

We never stop praying for you. Paris France.  #ALDUBHappyBdayLOLA

Nigerians!!! Hypocrites!!! Pray for Paris, and you will never Pray for Nigeria. . .In fact, you fight those who say pray for Nigeria

The way I feel about the  terrible news from Paris makes me realise I am 100% European.

oh god. Hope he's fine. I checked on my friends in Paris too. This shit happened sooner than I expected. _

American Airlines Delays Paris Flights; United Operates as Planned: American Airlines Group, the world's biggest carrier by passenger

Scathing serial attack  on the heart of France , Paris has left the world with shock and anguish #Parisattack #AttaquesParis #parisisburning

R.I.P to those who lost their lives. My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Paris today.

#ParisAttacks on this day, all of us should remember that Paris' today is Palestine and Syria's everyday. #PrayForHumanity

shutting the stable door after the horse has bolted. France close borders after Paris attacks by Isis- live updates

It's so terrible what happened in Paris. My heart is with you guys. #PrayForParis

Now my parents will never allow me to go to Paris na ulit. Hayyy.. Kalungkot po.

Hey ! My family, friends and I are safe. I'm currently in Germany and just learned what happened in Paris. It feels weird.

It's creepy that the Paris shootings happened on Friday the 13th

Can't handle people blaming the events in Paris on refugees, open your fucking eyes..

Preview (And Update): Paris-Lille Supercross:  #Prayers4Paris

So very saddened by the events of the past few hours in Paris. There are no words..

VIDEO: French football fans sing national anthem while being evacuated from stadium in Paris

PARIS TERROR | One Australian has been injured in the Paris terror attacks which killed at least 120 people in a

While you wake up in bed this morning be thankful because in Paris many beds will forever remain empty  #PrayForParis

The tragedy that took plase in Paris it leaves no one indifferant

All I can do is just praying for Paris.Je souhaite pour la paix.Do Japon

Horrible what happened to Paris. #Prayers4Paris. My thoughts go out to friends and family of those sadly deceased xx

The city of lights will shine again! Our hearts and thoughts with the people of Paris

Paris Attacks: Countries Beef Up Security While Australian Prime Minister Says Attack Bore   #immigrantlife.nyc

yeah but all I see is Paris Paris Paris and I hate how some of these countries are getting ignored

Planned to visit Paris soon. I will continue to do so.

@highlight

Official says at least 140 dead in Paris attacks; 8 assailants killed.

@highlight

Paris police says there were three attacks. Attackers reportedly used AK-47 automatic weapons.

@highlight

The Paris attacks began w/ the explosion at Gate J of the Stade de France.